the rooms are spacious and generally nice. it's kind of a bummer that it is not on the strip but we knew that before staying there. The casino is weak compared to other casinos on the strip. if you into gimmicky places and/or things, you'll like all the memorabilia. not sure if i would ever come back but i think we had a good time.
This was much better when it opened.  It is getting kind of.....tired.
I've stayed at the normal Casino Tower room and Paradise Tower upgrade, but this is more for the regular one. Price was reasonable for both, but the Paradise Tower was awesome (and normally much more) compared to the regular room. I rarely complain about hotel rooms (though maybe I should) and I had a few for the Casino Tower room: 1) clogged drain, 2) smelly room for non-smoking, 3) no free wi-fi. . I think there may have been more specific complaints we had, but that's all I remember right now since that last stay was last March and I haven't been back. The Paradise Tower room was much nicer in terms of decor, cleanliness, and overall comfort. It was much more rock n' roll than the regular room, which was basically all white without much standing out. I don't plan on staying at this place again, though I would consider it if I knew I was getting something as nice as Paradise Tower.
Not bad, but not blow-your-mind awesome.... . Came here for a friend's birthday.  Stayed on a Friday night in January and the rates weren't terrible.  I believe we paid $115 a night.. . As has been mentioned, the rooms were very modern in design.  Note, not modernist.  ;)  Lots of black and silver, shiny surfaces...  (for the cocaine?)  Not reallymy taste, but I'm not holding that against them.  It was very slick looking and consistent.  Everything in the room seemed to be in good shape except for two of the outlets.  They didn't work at all.. . We chose one of the rooms with a view of the pool.  By "view of the pool" they really meant - view of the pool if we hadn't planted about 20 trees in between.. . Overall it's an ok place to stay if you are a rockstar or would like to be.  For me, it was a little too far from the strip (a mile) if you are a walker.  We took a lot of taxis so we wouldn't be drunk driving.  Also, from walking through the front doors to the elevators to the room is easily a 20 minute walk.  What the...!?  While it was cool walking past the cute tattoo guys, it KIND of sucks after you've been drinking for 6 hours and just want to pass out.  . . Given the choice, I'll probably stay elsewhere in the future.
Stay here for a convention. Thought the room was nice. The casino are a great place to gamble with beautiful ladies walking round in the evening.
This is a good place to go party at night, the only problem is that you have to take a cab to get there. Don't try walking there at night, it gets a bit shady over those couple blocks.
The Hard Rock Hotel is located about 0.5-1 mile off the strip so you have to take a taxi from the hotel to the strip (about a $10 taxi ride). The hotel has good prices for the quality of the rooms. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. It was too cold to go into the pool but the pool area looked amazing. It had cabanas, beds and lounge chairs all around the pool. . The hotel itself was not very impressive. The casino is small, the restaurants are terrible and the club "Vanity" is not classy (pretty much a dark room with a dance floor) and the drinks are crazy over-priced.. Personally I would rather pay the extra money and stay at a hotel on the strip. But if you are on a budget this is not a bad place to stay.
Decent property and nice suite for $90 (thru Kayak) before tax and resort fee. Could use some attention to detail i.e. wash cloth left in Armour, no pen, curtains disheveled and broken luggage stand. Great towels,bedding and shower. The art in my room in the HRH tower #1 was Debra Harry, Tina Turner and some other female vocalist I didn't recognize. The in HRH mag and other propaganda is above average. . . The casino is better than some others I've seen. The memorabilia is worth checking out. They could use better identification/mapping for the amenities. I get it, they want you lost in the casino but I found it easier to go outside and walk around the block to get back the the HRH tower. . . The uniforms are too informal. I had a hard time distinguishing the staff from the clientele. Maybe they should put everyone in Andy Frain outfits or would that harsh your buzz. . . I'm old, it's hip - sort of, on both accounts.
Not really on the strip, that's too bad because it's pretty nice.. . I would say it's less classy/luxurious but very urban, rocker like. My friend told me about this great steak and eggs cafe they have for only $7.77, gotta check it out next time.
Wow, has this place gone down hill. I've been staying at hard Rock off and on for the past 12 years. Don't get me wrong the new rooms in the new HRH tower are great but the managment and staff has taken a turn for the worse. I travel to Vegas 8-10 times a year and I have stayed at just about every major newer casino/hotel on the strip. Let's start with my casino host, I phoned her a couple days before my arrival last week to try to get info on how to wire $10k from my account to the casino, I never recieved a call back so my first hour in Vegas was me having a limo driver drive me across town to the nearest Chase bank where I could make a cash withdrawl in that amount.. . Now lets talk about comps...or lack there of, the friend I shared a room with ran up over 50k credits on his players card in 2 days and our other friend and I ran up 18k & 25k credits, 1 credit = $1, yes folks, between me and my two friends we wagered over $90k. My average bet at the tables had to be at least $150 per hand and my friends probably avereaged $250. After all that play they only comped us our room ( a crappy standard room in the old tower on this visit), nothing towards any meals or bottle service in Vanity we had charged to our room. At Bellagio everything would have been comped, at Palms everything would have been comped, at Planet Hollywood everything would have been comped. . . Bottom line, if you are going to Vegas to gamble stay away from this place becuase you can go other places and get far more for your money, better service and comped MUCH better. If it was not for the great rooms in new towers and the amazing pool I would have given it just 1 star.
Ahhhh, the Hard Rock.  Lots of good memories...  I've been going there since it opened up in the mid-90s and have always enjoyed it as a good place to gamble, eat, drink, lounge by the pool, and (yes) even sleep.  The Hard Rock has the standard variety of slots, video poker machines and table games at a variety of minimums with friendly, professional dealers.  The cocktail waitresses are among the best in Vegas.  Nobu has consistently been one of the finest restaurants I've experienced in Vegas...including an incredible meal onthis particular trip.  Also, Mr. Lucky's and Pink Taco are very good for what they are and provide good value.  Finally, the rooms at the Hard Rock have always had one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept on outside of my own at home.  After all these years, there's still a lot of goodness at the HR!  . . I fear, however, that I've outgrown you.  I'm not a prude, a teetotaler, and I certainly don't dislike rock music, but does every guy there have to be drunk, obnoxious, and is either trying to recreate "The Hangover" or an episode of "Jersey Shore" or is a UFC fighter wanna-be.  It seems to me that the douche factor has risen at a much greater rate than my age.  Beware gambling at the Hard Rock after the sun goes down especially on the weekend, since much of the clientele there is way past shitfaced and doesn't care if they lose their money at the table.  It's simply not amusing to sit next to drunk and foul-mouthed twenty-somethings at the blackjack table who are so far gone that the pit boss is having to kick them off of a table.  Yeah, "amateur night"...  . . Hard Rock, I'll always have a special place in my heart for you, but it's time for me to move on.  It's me, not you.  I just need a place that understands me and is willing to offer a more mature relationship.
This would be my second "trip" to the Hard Rock and honestly we only went to do a little gambling and eat (I'll go back again to go to Nobu!).  . . Its loud, its full of very young people (okay there were a few there my age as well), but mostly its the "hip" place to go.  I've won money, I've lost money so gambling wise it rates up there with most of the other casinos.  Good table values, sometimes you win, sometimes to loose. . . They do have something great though - the pool and you HAVE to have a cabana.  Nothing feels more decadent than being waited on hand and foot.  The water is nice and cool too (especially nice after basking in the sun).  Definitely worth a trip back, but I like the rooms at the Cosmo better.
Stayed here on a Tuesday - Friday in the suites.  When we arrived someone opened the doors for us and we waited in the registration line at the front, then I found out we needed to check into the HRH section which was in the back of the casino behind these random blacked out doors by some escalators.  We were charged the resort fee, which seems a bit ridiculous, but I guess someone's gotta pay for that pool maintenance. . . The rooms were really nice and spacious.  I liked the double tv and the touch screen music on the wall- pretty cool.  The bed was also really comfortable!  However on the negative I would say the rooms were pretty dirty.  I found someone's blonde hair extension on the couch and there was piece of cardboard under the chair in the bedroom the entire time we were there (clearly no one vacuumed!).  Additionally, the bathroom wasn't that clean (had someones left over hair everywhere) and the showers suck!!!  The bathroom looks really nice, but the shower barely spits out any water and I don't think the overhead and shower head are suppose to be on at the same time- if they are- it's the worst fancy shower I've ever used!  . . Also don't go to the bar because it is way over priced!  Additionally, the crowd here reminds me of kids on spring break (not that I'm a super old fart, but I felt pretty close to being one).  Oh and for those who do stay here, there is a shuttle that takes you to parts of the stip.  We never were able to take the shuttle.  The first time we tried it never came, the second time we probably just missed it.  The cab fare to the strip is about $10 for two people.  You can also walk...which is about .5 mile (I think?) and its not a bad walk, but you do go through a weird shady area.  Also it feels kind of unsafe to walk so close to the road/there are parts where there isn't a side walk.
staying the night, passing thru after a 4 day grand canyon backpacking trip... found me a douchebag staff, douchebag crowd, feel like im right back home at the jersey shore. love itttt!. . good thing only my legs are sore, fist pumpinitt.
Great hotel room but can be really overpriced depending on when you go. I came here over Memorial Day weekend with a few people. I loved the hotel room but they charge for everything! For a roll-away bed was an extra $20 per night, you couldn't even use the mini-fridge without being charged. . . There are some perks that included it was in a central location, minutes from the strip. They host Rehab, which is a concert. When I came Drake and Lil Wayne was there but guests still have to wait in line to get their complimentary tickets that are for only 2 guests. And make sure you get in line early because prices double, they will stop selling tickets, and the line will be close to 2 hours and up to get a ticket. Then the casino, restaurants, and night club in the hotel so you don't have to leave the hotel at all to have a good time! . . After all of that  I'll still try another hotel next time I'm in Vegas or try on a less crowded weekend.
Okay. Let's start with the positives. First, the hotel is very close to the airport and a cab ride will cost you and your posse about $10-- no joke (b/c it's off the strip). Next, the rooms are pretty spacious and comfortably laid out. The decor of the hotel is very rock and roll, edgy, "a dude's hotel". The light fixtures on each hallway floor are zildjian top hats and high hats-- pretty cool if you ask me. One of my favorite eateries in LA has found a new home at the Hard Rock Hotel, Pink Taco. It was convenient to roll up and just enjoy some tacos and margaritas. The pool area, Rehab, wasn't going off when I went by but the music was on point and the two dozen or so people looked like they were enjoying themselves. One really cool part of the pool was the mega slide which I noticed the little kids and big kids enjoying.  However, the hotel has some areas where I question the strategic planning team. The hotel room's bathrooms are very, very small. I'm only 5'7" but I felt really crammed in the shower. For some odd reason, the base of shower tub seems to have been built higher than most tubs and can make you lose your balance and fall. Then, the toilet seat seems to have been installed lower than normal so when you think you should squat and sit, you have a couple of inches because you plunk into the toilet seat. I know it's an odd think to review but it could seriously throw you off a bit, especially if you've been drinking. Next, the limited number of dining options was a disappointment. You can eat at Mr. Lucky's, which is basically a 24 hr. diner, think Mel's Drive-In with additional Asian entrees; Ago, an Italian eatery which was probably our best choice and fairly priced; Nobu, a sushi restaurant you would pay an arm and a leg for. I ate at the Nobu in NYC and I don't remember the prices being so high. Rare 120, I'm not going to even go there-- can you say, EX-PEN-SIVE and tacky?? I've dined at some awesome steak houses in Vegas like CUT at the Palazzo (my husband paid $160 for a Kobe Ribeye, so you can see, we're not tight-wads); Del Monico's which was also pricey but worth the money. Every penny. Rare 120 has some nerve pricing their menu the way they do. WOW and not in a good way. The hotel is quite small compared to the rest of the hotels on the strip. Whenever I've stayed at the Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn or Paris hotels, I never felt the need to leave the actual hotel because there was so much to see and do. The Hard Rock can make you feel claustrophobic at times. All in all, the Hard Rock is O.K. If you and your friends are planning on sharing a room, I suggest you spend a little more and stay on the strip. Our cab fare to and from the strip (to Bellagio) cost us at least $15 ONE WAY. So if you do the math, over a few days, it might be worth staying on the strip and walk around. Cheers!
By buddy and I didn't stay here, but we did stop by to check out the new additions.  . . I've had a lot of good times at this casino in the past, but I'm not sure the new additions work.  To my way of thinking, the place has lost the feeling of being an intimate, different hotel and casino it had before the additions.  The casino seemed to be at least two or three times the size of the original.  It's shiny and new, but it seems like it's lost its soul.  It also seemed very empty for a Saturday afternoon, especially so given it was the Saturday before the July 4th holiday, and the rest of town seemed packed starting Friday night.
The rooms are big and spacious. This place is not family friendly as everyone here is ready to party like a rock star not Barney.. . The Hotel is a small ways away from the strip which was somewhat inconvenient, but that do have a shuttle to the fashion show mall every hour at the top of the hour.
Been traveling to Las Vegas for many decades. In the olden days, there were only a few classy resorts, but today the competition is intense as all the premier resorts generally offer the exact same thing - only the names change. Big Casino, fabulous pool area, array of rooms and suites, multiple restaurants and bars, signature show or venue, shopping arcade, etc. . . The HRH has as many pros as cons. While I enjoyed my stay, I'll think hard (absolutely no pun intended) for the next trip whether or not to return to the HRH. . . PROS . . Comfortable, yet extremely dark room, Luxurious bedding, flat screen HD TV on the wall, iPhone-ready clock radio/stereo/charger, well insulated; very quiet. . . Friendly staff, from front and bell desk to security, wait staff, store employees, dealers. They walk the walk! Weakest employees were definitely those working the pool area. . . Rock memorabilia everywhere. Great stuff, incredible photos, and a decent soundtrack playing throughout the property . . Pink Taco Restaurant - normally Hotel food runs from the signature restaurant to, ah, well, HOTEL food, but Pink Taco, while not fancy or Internationally known, does a real fine job with run-of-the-mill Mexican/Southwestern cuisine. Good food and drinks, with a happy hour during the week that begins at 2pm selling discounted Margarita's and .99 tacos. . . A Starbucks in the Shopping Arcade - In the old days if you only wanted a cup of coffee in the morning in Vegas, you stood in line at the property's coffee shop. With a side of toast and tip you dropped $10 per. I consider a coffee concession at Vegas hotels to be a real benefit (all properties have at least one), although interesting to note that a cup of coffee is roughly $1 more expensive in Vegas than in the Bay Area. . . . CONS . . Room, while comfortable, was incredibly dark, even with the window shade fully open and all the lights on. Unfortunately for me, my room looked right into the top floor of the parking garage, which removed almost all sunlight.Oh well, the old adage says you don't spend much time in your Vegas hotel room, so..... . . Casino is the perfect size, not too enormous like the bigger resorts, but it has maybe the worst Sports Book in the City. Since the Sports and Race Book is my favorite part of the casino, i was most disappointed by the lack of atmosphere there. Definitely not conducive to spending a day playing the ponies at tracks around the country. Jump into a cab and head for the books at Bellagio, Ceasars, or Mirage (TI's is decent too; an added bonus - they have a keno room within). . . Speaking of jumping into cabs, you'll be doing a lot of this unless you plan on sequestering yourself at the HRH for the duration of your stay. The only truly bad thing about the HRH is its location off the strip. During the 4 days we easily spent $250 cabbing it to the strip and back several times each day/night. If you stay centrally located on the Strip you can walk everywhere, but at the HRH, especially in summer weather, makes walking impossible. If you stay here and plan to get out and about, it'll cost you. . . HRH Famous Pool Area - I get the attraction here and completely understand the wild popularity of Rehab Sunday's, but on a mid-week day it's all a big, expensive tease. Head down to the pool at 9:30 a.m. only to be stopped by a security guard (think concert security as opposed to casino security) and told the pool doesn't open till 11 a.m. . Return at 11 a.m., security provided wristbands (never explained what it meant nor did they ask to see id or a room key) and then we were generally on our own. No one to explain the logistics, provide towels, try to sell us a cabana, We grabbed a couple of Lounge Chairs by the Beach and perused the menu which indicated that a drink in a Rehab Cup (plastic) was $26. Not a single barmaid asked if we wanted to order anything. Again, on our own. The tease was that by my count, they have roughly 50 - 60 Cabanas, of which nearly ALL were EMPTY. Here's a novel thought : Upgrade some of your guests by either discounting or gratis cabanas that you know are not going to be used. Know which guests are out there. I was insulted that renting 2 rooms for 3 nights each couldn't "buy" me a Cabana on a sizzling hot day that was going to be EMPTY. Gesture would've gone a long way to breed loyalty for your property. On the way out of the pool area a guard told me that the Cabana's go for $500, with a $500 food/drink minimum - Mid week. Weekends? Forget it!. . While many of the Vegas properties have shopping arcades that rival big city malls, the HRH's version is very limited. Behind the HRH Store off the Casino is a fairly narrow hallway that, unless you are in the market for a tattoo, overpriced clothing and lingerie, or a pack of gum, you'll be out of luck. This is a bit of an exaggeration, but not by much.
I didn't stay here, but my friends did.  Got to hang out with them during the day before going to my humble accomodations off the Strip.  The hotel and casino itself was generally small, compared to the other Las Vegas hotels along the strip.  The ambiance smelled of night club and casino. I guess that was pretty good.. . Had lunch at the Pink Taco. Had dinner at Nobu. Pretty upscale Japanese, if you asked me, but it was pretty nice. The HRH rooms were pretty damn luxurious. I'm more used to the Best Westerns and the Motel 6's for my travels, but wow. Damn.. . We hung out at the RX Pool for 3 hours, where it was pretty much Spring Break out there, with the loud music and teens all over the place.  I felt out of place, but I tried to be ok with it. The temps were in the musty 102 that day.
Let's get the negatives out of the way first:. . 1.  The pool.  By the end of the day, it is DISGUSTING.  Our room overlooked it and when we came stumbling in during the AM hours, we got to see the difference between how it looks pre-cleaning and how it looks post-cleaning.  Cloudy, green and with an oily film on top, it is just unacceptable.  The worst part is, I don't see how it can be avoided considering how many people the pool hosts everyday.. C'est la vie.. . 2.  The casino area pales in comparison to other hotels.  It's just not very big.. . 3.  Rooms overlooking the pool.  GREAT view, especially for the gentlemen, but that fucking club music starts WAY too early and vibrates the walls and floors.  I swear to God I must've gained 5lbs of muscle in my arms just from fist-pumping in my sleep.. . OK, fuck that negative nonsense, on to the positives:. . 1.  The rooms.  Spacious, clean, well laid out.. . 2.  The WOMEN.  Holy balls, spectacular.  . . 3.  Mr. Luckies 24/7 Restaraunt.  Good, cheap food.  Ask for the 777 deal which is not on the menu,  Decent sized steak, grilled shrimp, potatos, and a salad for $7.77.  . . 4. Pole dancers from 8PM-2AM in the casino.  Hot chicks wearing barely nothing, dancing on a pole.  A win in any mans book.. . 5.  Employees.  Very friendly and helpful.  Kelsey, one of the managers, and Amanda, one of the girls behind the desk, specifically.  Great job, ladies.  Oh and, Amanda? GORGEOUS. . . 6.  Location. Easy enough to get anywhere you need to go.. . . Overall, go check it out, you won't be disappointed.
I guess I could offer another star for our comped room and food.. but I really don't think I can.. . We stayed in a new tower - Paradise Tower. Which, let me warn you, is about a mile long hike to get to. You go from the front desk, back towards the elevators, but go alllllll the way down the hall, past Pink Taco, around the hall, down the ramp, past the (not so) ironic Affliction store, past the steroid meat market (gym), past the Starbucks that is always ass packed... Continue walking past the doors to the pools, which includes REHAB - a huge pool party for those of you living under a rock. Mind you, there are about 12-18 doors for the damn pools, and most of them you cant use to get into the pools anyway. Useless much? And on the days that Rehab cracks, the halls are wall to wall with people trying to get in. Anyway, keep walking... walking... Walk past the deli on your right that seems to be good for sammiches, drinks, and small breakfast things. Walk around another corner and you're FINALLY there. . . As much as I like this place, as a casino and for Rehab, the rooms are smallllllllllll and DARK! The bathroom is honestly ridiculous. There is no room to stand in the separated toilet and shower area with the door open. Its almost impossible to CLOSE the door to that area when you're inside of it.. . The rooms are darker (in this tower) than any hotel I've ever been in. Dark wallpaper and carpet calls for better lighting. Even with the drapes open there wasn't sufficient lighting. Maybe that was because it was gloomy out? But I really don't think so.. The only mirror you could actually SEE yourself in, was in the bathroom. The other two mirrored doors were covered in a "smoke effect". Weird... . Sure, the beds were hella comfy, the room service was prompt and polite, and the housekeepers didnt come knocking at 9am. But the room itself sucked. I may go back, sure if its comped again. But Id rather pay for Venetian, Caesars, or something ON the strip for a little more. . If I wasnt comped, I'd be pissed.
I've been to this casino a few times for shows at the Joint--both the old and new versions of the Joint.. . This is not my go to place.  I don't fit their demographic at all.  However, it is nice to stop by here every now and then and watch the beautiful ladies as they head hither and yon.  There are some fine looking women.. . I stopped at the Hard Rock today to have breakfast at the Pink Taco.  I parked in the new garage and I saw how the casino was expanded when the new tower and garage were added.  It's not the small, circular casino it once was.. . I did take a few minutes to look at some of the rock memorabilia especially the Jimi Hendrix things near the doors to the garage.  . . It's an OK place but it's not for me.
Nice rooms, cocktail waitress in the casino are way too slow, decent for off the strip.
The hotel is great.  Food selection is great.  . . 9 am the music starts blaring by the pool..no bueno when you roll in at 5 am.. . and no late check out on sundays at all. Housekeeping knocked on our door at 1030 to make sure we were getting out of the room. Not good at all
Lots of great music memorabilia around the casino much like their cafes all around the world. But on to the celebrity suite. It was pretty cool!  1300 sq ft., super soft bed, ask for a pool table if you want instead of a business table, 3 tvs, good jacuzzi in room, and views if you're facing the pools. I like how the casino is small and everything is in short walking distance. Keep in mind, the bigger the casino, the longer the walk. Now for the cons.Room service was friendly but slowwww. Pool.. it's salt water. It can be pretty cold and sandy and if it's a Sunday during summer, you're looking at about $75 for guys $25 for girls to get in JUST to use their main pool. Whatever, we went to the side one which was ok. No swim up bar or gaming but it was OK. Thus, they get an A-OK. I prob won't stay here again.
Stayed here last night & have positive & negative feedback! . . Positive: The price of the room was good. The room was very clean & nice. Valet parking attendants were prompt & friendly. Most of the front desk staff was pleasant. Beautiful pool area. . . Negative: Booked a room with a king bed, but upon check in, was told there were none available. I asked how none could be available when that's what I booked & was told having a king bed was a preference, and could not be guaranteed. Paid a $20 resort fee for free wifi, and gym access, but when we tried to use the wifi, it prompted us to pay $14.00. . . After paying for taxis & resort fee, it would've probably been worth it to stay somewhere like Aria, on the strip.
To save a little bit of dough, my lady friends and I decided to camp out at the HRH (as it likes to be known). Of course, we didn't realize an inch on the map means a mile in heels to the main strip. Can you say ouch?. . With distance aside, it was like staying at a rock n' roll memorabilia museum slash night club extravaganza. . . YAY:. - Plenty of restaurants but mostly on the "meh" side. - Great displays of costumes, instruments and pictures of Johnny Cash, Santana, Britney Spears, Michael Jackson etc. Btw, X-Tina was a tiny thing judging from her "Dirty" video costume . - Fluffy fluffy fluffy pillows. No really, FLUFFY PILLOWY HEAVEN. . NAY:  . - Our rooms had dirty glasses and a full waste bin when we strolled in. Tsk tsk housekeeping. - They tacked on an extra $20 a day "resort" fee that included "free" wi-fi, access to the pool and I swear they said ice. Seriously? That's sneaky business not to include this in the room fee and they should have made it clear when the reservation was first made with a travel agent. - Constant party-rocking in the pool area. It was utter madness. It felt like MTV Beach Party/Spring Break/Girls Gone Wild Parts I-X. It also felt like a pool side audition of Jersey Shore. We escaped to the other pool where people were a little more sane but you could still hear the pounding music and drunken roars. Also negative? They kicked us out at 5 pm when there was obviously still daylight. Ex-nay!
We stayed in the Paradise Tower and the room was nice, beds are comfy and decor is cool....the Hard Rock is an older hotel so it is more run down but the Paradise Tower rooms were not bad... the Shuttle that goes to the Forum shops only fits 8 people so I guess you have to get there early and tell the guy that you are there for the shuttle so we had to take a taxi.... The pool is def not heated so in Oct it was like ice!!!. I am sure its fine in the summer when its really hot out, actually the pool is pretty nice and the water slide looked pretty fun but it was way to cold to jump in there in Oct!
The hotel is on a side street off of the strip. Self parking was easy! It wasn't great and wasn't bad either. The funny thing is went to alot of casinos in Vegas and we didnt go to the casino in our own hotel...wierd...next time I'm in town I will definitely check out the casino... The reason this is only getting three stars is that compared to the other options in Vegas this was only worth two stars but Im giving it three because we got the room for hella cheap being that it was halloween weekend and we booked the room last minute... One thing that really was a bummer was there was no coffee machine in the room, so when we woke up with our hangovers we couldnt cure it right away...
I'm 34. That said, if you are 22, by all means this is the place for you. Lots of eye candy, trendy, and fun. If you are 32, you can do better. The rooms (in the casino tower) themselves are 2-3 stars. They tried to clean the carpet, but there were lots of stains, the faucets were so old that the finish was worn off, and furniture/fixtures were cheap. Like the cougars downstairs, this hotel has been ridden hard and left out wet. It needs to be remodeled. The staff is generally aloof, prefering to be cool rather than hospitable. I realized I was beyond this, when the room next to me blared their stereo until 4am and the noise from outside penetrated the windows easily. Reasonable quiet in your room may not be possible here. This could happen in any hotel, but is more likely at the hard rock. sooooo.....if you are don't care about the above notions, stay, it's a great scene downstairs. If you do, do yourself a favor, just visit the hard rock and stay some place nicer for the extra dough.
Went to party at Vanity with some friends through some special group thing. Had a great time, the place can be a maze at first but pretty ok. Not sure I would stay here but to party it up at Vanity yes! :)
Its what you would expect the Hard Rock to be.. In fact it's pretty funny just seeing the types of people it attracts. . The rooms were well done, and the bed was comfy.
Been here lots over the years, seen this place change in so many ways.. Seen the renovations taking place before my eyes, love the new parking garage and additional casino space but they could've added one more bathroom on the casino floor.. I've gambled and won, I've gambled and lost.. I've eaten at Mr. Luckys and Johnny Smalls and the Hard Rock Cafe out front both pretty good. And when Simons use to be here, yum.. I've stayed in their rooms, nice.. Swam in their pool and gone to their poolside concerts, both can be very crowded, rowdy, and gross at times a depending on the crowds, the poolside shows aren't like they use to be, so I haven't gone at all this year.. Bars can be busy, drinks can be strong, you may even get a deal...all Jack Daniels drinks while the rodeo was in town were on special! JD Honey is where its at.. I liked the old Joint, the new Joint is nice but doesn't have the same intimate feel. But I still go, they usually have decent shows. That's why we were there recently...to see a show, had a good time. The show was pretty empty and the scene in the casino was a bit dead especially for a Saturday night, no eye candy like I remember (guests or staff) , maybe its the time of year, who knows.. HRH always draws me back for one reason or another.
I stayed 2 nights (12/18-12/20) at the Hard Rock with a Groupon that included gaming credit, dining credit and drinks.  After reading a bunch of reviews, I was hesitant, but I am so glad I decided to stay there!. . Check-in:  easy.  We got there early at about 1:00 and our room was ready.  The lady behind the desk was very friendly and helpful!. . Room:  fantastic!  We had room 1342 in the Paradise tower.  It was very clean, the beds and pillows were as comfy as I had heard they were.  I never even went near the weight-activated snacks or mini bar, but I was still nervous someone was going to knock something off there and I really didn't want to pay $7 for a bottle of warm water...lol.  Oh, and if you stay in Paradise tower bring good walking shoes because it is about a 6 block walk to the elevators from the check-in desk - no joke!. . Gambling:  okay.  Not a large casino, so not too many games and the ones they did have were twice as much $$ as the same games at other casinos.  That being said, I did hit a $586 dollar jackpot on my free gaming credit....yeah!!  : ). . Food:  I ate twice at Mr. Luckys.  First morning I was too late for the $4.99 steak and eggs and everything else on the menu is EXPENSIVE.  $10 for three pancakes? Really?  Service wasn't very good considering there were only about 10 other people in the whole place it still took 1/2 hour to get my tiny cup of coffee refilled.  . . Overall, I left with a good impression.  It was very clean, employees were nice.  Would I stay there again?  Probably not unless I had a good deal again; only because I like to gamble and this place seems more to cater to those who want to party first.
This hotel is AWESOME. We had SO MUCH FUN!! The music, the vibe, the memorabilia... All amazing. There was always something to look at when you're walking around, the machines/tables were fun to play, and the shops were pretty cool as well. The Pink Taco is a great place to eat and the staff in the whole hotel were very friendly. However, the room was less than what we expected. The lights in the bathroom were burnt out and it was EXTREMELY dark in there. There was no toilet paper or soap in the room when we got there and we had to call three different times to get them to bring some up. There was a stain on the bedspread, which was pretty gnarly, and there were a few spit balls in the corners of the showers. Kinda icky. After taking the survey they emailed me when we left, however, the manager emailed me right away and offered to make up for the messy room if I would give them a second chance. I told him I was definitely interested in trying again, and loved the level of customer service. It's great to see businesses who care about making each and every customer happy. I'm still waiting to receive his email on how to book my next room with his offer, but I'm sure it'll come soon and I'll leave a happy camper. We're looking to go again Feb 18th, so I'll be sure to update after that trip with a new review I'm sure will be a 5 star.
Stayed in a suite in HRH Tower.  They room was nice and big, but not all the lights worked, and the ones in the bathroom are those energy-saver bulbs that take five minutes to illuminate.  Non-working bulbs aside, the room was still a bit too dark for my liking.  The decor was minimalist modern, which looks cool, but isn't all that practical or to my taste.. . The hotel and casino has some good casual restaurants in Johnny Smalls, Mr. Lucky's, and Pink Taco, all of which we ate at.  We also went to parties at Vanity and Body English, which aren't my thing but they were cool to check out, even if a light beer will set you back $9.  The location is a bit of a pain as it is a real hike to/from the strip and a $10-$15 cab if you don't want to hoof it.. . TIP: Avoid the ridiculous mini-bar prices.  Go across the street to CVS and buy yourself some snacks and bottled water.  And they sell beer and liquor too!. . Nice hotel, but I probably wouldn't stay there again.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I would prefer to be closer to the strip and stay in a little more luxurious room.
Hard Rock Hotel has some of the best beds i've ever slept in.  I stayed at the hardrock in chicago prior my most recent vegas trip and i remember the beds being the highlight, so i knew the beds were gonna be AMAZEBALLS.  Sure enough, these beds are pure heaven! It's like sleeping on fluffy clouds of marshmellowy softness.  You lay down, sink in and just wanna stay in bed ALL DAY... . But this is vegas, you don't come to stay in the room, you come to gamble, drink, party, shop and more.. This is why i can only give the hard rock a 3 star rating.. I love the hotel, its chic, clean and the rooms are sick, but there is just nothing around it.  You really need a taxi or a car to get to anywhere that isn't the hard rock.. . The casino is decent, however I don't recall seeing a poker room and that is a major draw back for me since i am a POKER fanatic!. . The restaurants are decent, the night life seemed a little dead when we passed by, however i cannot speak for pool season as i hear it is amazing... . Bottom line is that there is good value here if you are looking for a nice room with some of the best beds you will ever sleep on.  If you are looking to cruise las vegas boulevard without having to cab it everywhere or drive everywhere then you may want to stay at a casino on the strip..... . **PS the showers in the room are SUUUUPER DOPE!
It's a cool hotel, I like it. It was a easy to get to the concert they had there.  The down side is that this was the only hotel in all of vegas that doesn't offer a buffet. On the plus side they have a starbucks there and many other great resturants that I didn't get a chance to eat at. It's a bit of a distance from the strip but who cares it probably better that way. I wasn't all that impressed with the rooms, seems like they can stand to use a refresh upgrade to the rooms. I like that the windows to the balcony opened up.. Not a 4 or 5 star hotel. Nothing really fantastic about this hotel.
Well, this is just on the gift shop and casino. I kind of like that this isn't on the strip. There is more parking, and its a lot less crowded. I also love their gift shop. I got myself a sweet nooka watch for 60% off!! Yay for sales!! I don't know that I would stay here, but it was a nice relief period from the hustle and bustle of the strip.
I came here for a work function and stayed for about a week.. . This review is based on the Casino Tower.. . The hotel and casino is pretty cool based on all of the neat music items they have such as pictures of musicians, clothes that musicians wore, records, musical instruments.  All of this was very neat and fun to look at.. . The room was eh. Granted I was located in the older tower. This tower LOOKED old. There was a lot of nicks on the walls. The room was not cleaned very well....there was a lid to a Pringles can found. I know people have stayed in the room before me, but I do not want to see the evidence of it.. . The bed was nice and the sheets were soft. There as an iPOD doc, mini bar and some other munchies. The room included a flat screen TV and a bathroom was an unusually deep bathtub. Meaning, you almost had to dismount to get in and out of the . place, especially if you are on the short side of the vertical spectrum.. . The casino was just fine, on the smaller side. There was food options, but not a lot. I liked that this place did not get as busy as the places actually on the strip. This meant . that there was a good chance you could get on a machine when you wanted to.. . The fitness center is not huge, but adequate. Make sure that you ask for a towel at the front desk of the fitness center if they do not offer you one. The machines are okay...but all the elipticals are the ones that are on "rollers"...which is okay, but not the best. Still by far a deal breaker.. . All and all, I would probably stay here again. The walk to the strip s a bit much but do able.
Hotel was great , nice night life plenty of bars , the rooms are not the best it was not crowded so you think you would get better rooms than overlooking the roof, I would request any floor above 5/6 little far off the strip about a $8.00 taxi ride or 15/20 min walk valet was super cool every time you head out the front doors , I would give a better rating but their choice of rooms just plan sucked out dated too, would not stay there again , would go back to party though....................2 1/2 stars to stay there
This place was Aces for me in some aspects, SO not my style in others. That said - let's write a little pro/con list, shall we?. . Pros:. 1. THE BEST BEDS EVER! Like sleeping on a pillow. My bed now sucks.. 2. Huge flat screen tv and reliable wifi. 3. Pink Taco: the food was delish, portions were healthy, and the pom margarita was on point!. 4. The artist memorabilia was really cool. 5. It was far enough off the strip to not be a mad house. 6. Liquor store across the street. 7. Kaizen sushi across the street has the BEST roll - Kiss of Fire. Do it. Twice. I did.. 8. Pauly D DJ'd there while I was there. I didn't get a jerz sighting, though. womp womp.. 9. You can open the windows! A key in smoking rooms. 10. About a block from the Double Down - my new favorite bar. Too bad it's all the way in Vegas.. 11. Check in and out was a total breeze.. . Cons:. 1. The bathrooms were tiny. No double occupancy ever.. 2. The pool has a dress code. For serious.. 3. The pool also starts super loud, oontz oontz music, at like 11am. Shenanigans. 4. Mr. Lucky's diner is not good. at all. Don't eat there.. 5. Room service is also gross, but twice as expensive as Mr. Luckys.. 6. The line for Starbucks was never less than 10 people deep. . . I would definitely stay here again, now that I know what to avoid. The only super bummer is that I don't see the pool playing anything even remotely tolerable. Ever.
This review is on the Casino Tower. The HRH Suites are incredible, as I've stayed in both I now know the true difference.  The rooms in the casino tower haven't been touched (for improvements) and it shows.  . . Pro's:. . Central Location. Good Service (For the most part). Cool Vibe. Awesome spa (mind you it costs $25 per day). Great Sports Book. 35 Martini's and Steaks is a great restaurant. Beds are really comfortable. . Con's. . I stayed in 801 and the ice machine was by 840, literally a two minute walk just to get ice.. Bathroom is dated, tiny. TV was SUPER old, crappy picture and no channel guide making you "hunt and peck" to try to find Espn, ridiculous. Slot machines are old and make it difficult to use your players card which they advertise extensively without giving you a chance to actually use it as the machines are so old you have manipulate them like an old Nintendo just to get it to work. Your resort fee and taxes equal nearly $29 per night; laughable as you all you get is wifi and their old fitness center access; for my two nights I essentially paid $40 plus tax just for wifi (i went to the fitness center at the spa instead of their old one).. Center bar bartenders are complete douche bags and it took 10 mins on a weeknight at 1000 just to get a beer. . I love this hotel and have been here at least 10 times the past five years, but it's going downhill.  The only way I will return is for the HRH suite's; but those rooms are so nice, expensive, and big, there's no way it's worth staying at the hard rock unless there are 3 of you on a trip.  Shame, I loved the place
We stayed here for the Mountain West Conference (quite convenient walk to the games!). We bought a Groupon deal for a 2-night stay over the weekend with $40 voucher in food and slots, so it was a good deal. . . There's not really any fast food places to eat at inside the Hard Rock, just FYI. . . The rooms were decent. The only problem we had was with the TV.. our remote control didn't work. But it's a nice TV lol
As soon as you walk into this place you can smell the wretchidness, the sin, the debauchery and well, it shows in the fact that the rooms are beat down from 24/7 partying... Yeah Rehab was a pull 3 or 4 years ago, but lets be honest, there are other better pool parties these days such as Republic.... This place is for the skiers, the rockers and the truely sinful who want to go buck wild and get away with it at a hotel that is more lenient than others! - That is the Hard Rock's value proposition folks....
This place is probably the definition of an 'alright' time in Vegas. Groupon really pulled a fast one on me and my girlfriend. For starters the Concierge is slow and unfriendly, when we arrived AND checked out the line stretched to the main entrance WITH a full staffed counter, resulting in a 20-30 minute wait.. no lie. They upgraded us to the Paradise Tower King Pool-View which was cool but the room wasn't anything special, it was REALLY dark. Literally its a dim room in the daytime and nighttime with the lamps on. THOSE BEDS THOUGH they are the best beds I've slept on in Vegas. It also takes forever to navigate this place, the towers are so darn far from each other making the trip from the room to the pool or the casino floor a literal 10 minute trip. Not To mention the standard $9 trip to and from the Hardrock to the Strip. No one was really at the pool either. If you have a option, pass on this place.
This is a D*Bag hot spot!! If you're a D*Bag or the Hot Chicks who bafflingly flock to the, you will LOVE this place!!. . Workers, mind the elevator security.
3 1/2 Stars Please!. . This is a really nice hotel, but be mindful of what type of person stays here.  If you want to relax and have some peace and quiet DON'T go here.  Hard Rock is Trendy and Hipster, basically a very nicely decorated hotel for the young.. . Ive been here a few times and stayed here once.  The Hotel is great, especially if you are a hardcore Rock fan.  The decor and artifacts will keep you distracted, which has led into many-a-collision on the floor (Sorry Lady).. . The rooms are great.  Maybe its what went on in that room that had me mesmerized... Whatever it is, I loved it.  The bed was comfortable and we had a little balcony.  Granted the view was of the air conditioning vent below but that's anywhere in Vegas.  Also, there was just enough furniture to not overcrowd the room.  I hate when there is too much stuff in the way.. . The Hard Rock has great food, rooms, drinks and people.  Still haven't been to Rehab... I'm not a fan of drunken idiots.  Sorry.
On a random night my boyfriend and I decided we needed a little road trip and ended up stopping in Vegas. Since this wasn't a planned Vegas trip, we decided to stray from the strip and got an awesome deal on a room at the Hard Rock. Such a great deal that we decided to extend this unplanned Vegas stop 2 days.. . The first night we were in a corner room in the Paradise Tower. We were assured this was one of the best rooms, since it has windows on two walls and is extra spacious. The windows were awesome. They even had black out curtains that were controlled by a device on the wall, so that was fun. On a first look, the room looked really awesome, chic, and stylish.. . Upon further inspection, however, the room appeared to be old and decrepit, just hiding all that ugliness under a splash of paint and some new furniture. But seriously, the room was falling apart. The awesome iPod player? Didn't work. The sweet, electronic black out curtains? Falling off their hooks. The furniture? Showing signs of age, wear, and tear.. . My biggest peeve about the room was the poor design of the bathroom. I understand that the corner rooms are wheelchair accessible. Great. But if you are going to have a shower that makes space for a wheelchair, please have a door that shuts, or something, because otherwise the shower floods the whole bathroom. . . The second night, due to consistent problems with our room, a very gracious person at the front desk upgraded us to the HRH Tower. I was expecting more of the same. WOW. Totally wrong.. . Every room in the HRH Tower is a suite! And the epitome of chic! Wet bar area, gorgeous couch and flat screen, a touch screen panel that controls music for the whole suite, lush California king with another flat screen, and a HUGE bathroom with jacuzzi tub, OH MY! Seriously. I was in love.. . I would DEFINITELY stay in the HRH Tower again. It was so awesome I didn't mind being off the strip and it is actually reasonable as far as suites in Vegas go. So if you feel like being spoiled on a budget, it's definitely an option. If you aren't springing for the suite, however, look elsewhere, because there really is no other good reason to stay here.
You can blame me for my high expectations but I was not impressed. I was so excited to stay at this hotel, I even rebelled against staying at the "recommended" hotel for my work summit that was across the street. . . First of all, the check in took forever. There were over 4 front desk agents and the line just didn't budge. The system is pretty poor, there were little gaps on the side where other people could just walk up to a front desk agent and avoid the line. I actually got cut off by someone that aggressively approached the desk that wasn't in line. . . The place was under construction, so it was loud from that, not from all the normal Vegas casino ruckus. The construction staff (I know this doesn't reflect on the hotel) was inappropriate, doing animal calls at me as I was walking by or trying to talk to me. Not appreciated. . . The room though, was fairly nice. The decor was adorable and my room was spacious. I had a king bedroom in the Casino Tower. Enjoyed it! Surprisingly quiet even at night. The room was clean, the bed was extremely comfortable and the amenities were very Hard Rock-ish, loved it. . . I ventured throughout the hotel but I just wasn't as impressed as I was expecting to be. It's a lot smaller than I had imagined. . . The slots and tables were pretty crappy, I won a lot more on the machines on the strip than I did both nights I was there!
The room was a great bargain. We went through Hotel Tonight and got a very low room rate. Wonderful bed, bathroom, and furnishings throughout. BUT... The hotel is a very long walk from the strip. We took cabs. And although the pool is amazing, the overall feel of the hotel is that of an elaborate frat house. Lots, and lots of college age dudes, shirts off, flip flops, baggy shorts, caps on backwards, talking loud and looking for a wild time. If you are one of those guys, you're in heaven. If you're not, you want to get away from them. In short, go for a great room at a great rate, but don't expect elegance.
I give this hotel 3 stars because the management is so gracious and accommodating. however, some of the people who work here are a little snobby. the rooms are beautiful. this hotel has one of the best pool areas i've seen. i read that Conde Nast rated it one of the best pools in the world. it's basically set as a beach, with sand, rocks and palm trees. they also have an awesome water slide. there is a performance stage with a dj. on the weekend, it turns into "Rehab" which is a 21 and over pool party/ club. then guests who don't  want to party/ or are under 21  go to "Nirvana" the other pool, which doesn't have a jacuzzi. (sigh). cool place if you're single or don't have kids.
Why only 3 stars? . Comparisons - I've stayed at almost every hotel on the strip so I have an idea of what LV hotels are like. . The positives the room is very nice, the bedding mattress and pillows are some of the nicest I've ever had in any hotel except maybe the Portofino Bay Hotel in Universal Orlando.  Big bathroom with double sinks. . . Negatives - No security keeping strangers out of room towers. Anyone can roam the floors with no security in site. Nobody checking that you at least have a room key before you enter the HRH tower. Also from the pool level anyone can access the rooms from the elevator on the second floor which should be card access only.  On the pool level inside the hotel there were unconscious teens spread out on the sofas. Not what I would expect to see. in the middle of a weekday afternoon. If you're staying here make sure to ask for the Paradise tower and not the HRH tower because it's a long walk across the entire hotel  and casino to get a cup of coffee. . . There are more then enough good hotels in LV to stay at that don't have these problems. I wouldn't pick this one again
Hard rock and heavy metal gambling nirvana in Vegas. Listening to Slipknot, Bad Company, Red Hot Chili Peppers, and Jimi Hendrix while playing blackjack rules!. . I have been to the Hard Rock on many occassions while in town on business and pleasure. Though I have never stayed in a room overnight here I have used the facilities to dine and gamble at multiple times.. . As a lover of all things metal and hard rock walking into this place is like entering a musuem of my favorite things. Every wall is covered with rock band memorabilia, cases contain all types of rock star oufits and mementos, guitars hang everywhere, videos are playing, and classic to current rock and metal is blaring over the loudspeakers.. . There are usually some lower limits on the table games and it's not too hard to find $5 and $10 blackjack here. GoGo girls dance on stripper poles over the table gaming area adding to the rock aura of the place. Waitresses in skimpy outfits come around to serve up drinks. There is a new tower and gaming area that adds even more slots to make a deposit of your hard earned cash. It's a fun place to play at, but I always found the slots to be tight, while having much better luck on the table games. Sometimes it's better to play some video poker at the circle bar over a few drinks while listening to good tunes.. . Restaurants like Mr. Lucky's and the Pink Taco offer up decent to pretty good eats, while the "Rehab party at the pool" can best be described as a human petri dish of bodily fluids. Taking in a concert at The Joint is always a cool experience, along with after partying at one of the bars or on the casino floor. The Hard Rock is a place to party down, soak up the scene, and be seen.. . One of these visits I will actually stay here overnight for a few days to get the full experience, so for now, three stars.
A well themed resort with mediocre service.. . ***ROOM***. I was happy with our pool-view room in the Casino tower. Our standard room was pretty spacious (500 sq. ft.?) with a few noteworthy amenities: an iHome and a bed as fluffy as clouds. The room could have skipped out on the portrait of some rockstar, who kept freaking me out each time I caught a glimpse of it.. . We booked the place with the intention to recuperate from our weekend at EDC. Instead, I felt like we were part of the Rehab party. We were fine with that too... it kept the party going. Even with our balcony door closed, we could still feel the vibration of the bass from the pool party. :). . ***SERVICE***. Before even entering our rooms, I had already received subpar service --. My hotel package came with a comp bottle of hard A + $40 food and drink credit. While checking in, the receptionist was ready to send me on my merry way with just the room keys, until I had to ask for my vouchers. Though he corrected the mistake, he seemed the least bit apologetic, and even judgmental, like I was freeloading off them... um no! just asking for what I paid! I would not even have to ask if I had received it in the first place!. . The second day, we slept through "Tidy Up" time, so I called Guest Services to replenish our tissues, amenities, and towels stock later that night. Housekeeping came 10 minutes later with towels, and a bag with two sets of amenities, but minus the soap. I never saw the box of tissues either D: I guess I'll be better prepared with my own amenities next time. . . ***OVERALL*** . Great view of the pool and back of the strip, especially at night, but this is the last time I am booking a standard room here on my own free will. I would be open to staying at a HRH Tower Suite on a future visit. From pictures, the Suite looks similar to the ones at Vdara. . . Note: Stay away from this resort if you are looking for peace and quiet  in Vegas. :)
We stopped by to visit the gift shop and stroll through the casino and view the rock memorabilia. Less crowded than the strip but a bit more smokey than some of the other casino floors.
Can't speak to the hotel as I've never stayed here but as far as a casino goes, it's ok.  Being off the strip, the tables are a little (not a lot) more reasonable than those on the strip itself.. . As is my beef with most casinos, the smoke here is treacherous.  I swear to God that they have someone following me around blowing smoke in my general direction just in order to get a reaction out of me.  Well, other than this review, I'm not biting.. . HR is smaller then the monsters on the strip but that is not to say that it has an intimate feel to it.  It was very crowded on a weekend night.  Apparently the crazies who decided to avoid the strip decided to show up here.. . The staff here is friendly enough but there is absolutely nothing that wows me about this place.. . Haven't eaten here but there are plenty of places to choose from.
This was the first time I ever went to Hard Rock Hotel. The hotel was pretty standard. I liked the music memorabilia and thought the idea of the drum tamarins on the wall were a nice touch. But it did get annoying hearing people bang on them in the middle of the night in their drunken stupor. The best thing I liked about this hotel was rehab. I probably won't stay here again.
Went on a getaway for the weekend, and my group booked the Hard Rock for the weekend. While it's definitely not the worst hotel I've stayed at on the strip, I don't necessarily think it would be my top choice if and when I go back.. . **STAFF**. Most of the staff are pretty friendly and helpful, which makes everything easier and stress free. If I had a question, needed a cab, or needed to be directed some place specific, they had an answer. The only thing that was kind of annoying was my friend was given this weak drink at the poolside bar, and the bartender told her boyfriend to get her "white girl wasted.". . **FOOD**. The restaurants in the hotel are pretty good as well. The tapas bar, Johnny Smalls, has an awesome pull pork slider, as well as an amazing grilled PB&J sandwich. All of their dishes are small, so it's definitely recommended to do an "all you can eat" option for $25. Lucky's Diner. Mr. Lucky's 24/7 diner is not too bad of a place; everything seems pretty well prepared. I will say this though, after about an hour of eating and heading back up to the room, I had a very upset stomach, and I'm going to assume it was from the food I got at Lucky's. It tastes good, but it's not too great going down.. . **ROOM**. The room itself is not too shabby. I got poolside view, and while it is a nice view, the noise level can get really intense. Thankfully I wasn't in the room during the middle of the day, but dropping in to change, I can hear the DJ (which to be honest wasn't that great), and the level of raucousness. The beds are amazingly comfortable. The bathroom is a joke; the toilet sounds like a groaning space machine, and the bathtub is small and cramped. The room, however, was VERY clean, which is a huge plus.. . **CROWD**. I'm not a huge fan of the "Bro" crowd, so I chose the wrong hotel to stay at. If you're not a fan of young adult men and women falling over each other and purposefully getting hammered in order to "sin in sin city," then you should probably check out some other hotel. It's not so much that people are trying to impress everyone, it's more that they're trying to show that their standards are pretty low, and all they want is a lay for the night, regardless of the quality. Then again, that's the reason why this hotel is specifically geared towards those who are 21+, so expect a bit of crazy drunkenness and over flirtation from a lot of people.. . **TRANSPORTATION**. Hard Rock provides trams that take you to the strip every hour, and the cab ride isn't too bad either, but it's a definite ways away walking distance. The location isn't much of a problem if you're willing to wait for a ride or take a taxi, but if you do, then it'll probably be out of the way for you. It's literally minutes away from the airport, which is nice. . . All in all, three stars. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't the most amazing experience I've had.
We stayed here for three nights and got upgraded to a room in the Paradise tower. There was nothing to actually complain about but there are a few things worth noting:. . The hotel is not on the strip and getting a cab will set you back 10 bucks each way. The shuttle only drops you off at the north end of the strip, a bit of a walk away from all the action. And the shuttle only runs during the day until 5pm on top of every hour.. . The walk to your room from the lobby to the Paradise tower is quite long.. . Facing the pool area, the room does get a lot of exposure to the music that plays during the day until the evening. Not good for people who want to get some sleep during the day after a long night out.. . No fridge in the room, you are explicitly told not to remove any items from the mini bar to store your own stuff.. . Our room smelled of weed when we checked in. People smoke inside the hotel a lot, this may be offputting to some.. . I found that the reception was understaffed at busy times.
I reserved 3 nights at the hotel for a Monday through Thursday getaway.. I bought vouchers through TravelZoo giving me a 240$ suite at 100$ a night!. The vouchers, I thought, had a massage included in them and 20$ daily credits intended for drinks at the pool.. When I arrived, the check-in process was pretty fast except for the fact that I had to make sure I check-in every day of my stay because I bought 3 different vouchers (not that there was another option available anyhow). We were 3 people. We entered the suite and it was just as we saw on the virtual tour we took before reserving. Satisfactory. There was a large bed, a two-piece sofa, 2 flat screen TV's (which were never turned-on), 2 stereo system for iOS devices (I had an Android device :/ ) and a huge glass-covered bathroom with a stand-up shower and a bathtub.. The reason for giving the hotel 3 stars is not necessarily because of bad experiences, it's because of the timing of the reservation.. I saw a lot of potential for the pool parties, which we were not in good timing for. The casino was not very young and the restaurant down at the lobby is not worth eating at.. A positive is although the hotel is off the strip, there is a free shuttle leaving the hotel every hour towards the strip. The club in the hotel is supposedly good, but we never had a chance to party there.
Food was good.. The staff was a bit unprofessional.
My first trip at the Hard Rock in like 1.75 decades. Wow how have things changed!. . My room was a little tired with a view of the hotel rooftop. It was older and needed a refresh but who can complain with the $46 a night deal I found on the Internet. I was in Vegas to watch my daughters B-ball tournament over the weekend so I really didn't care about the accommodations.. . They have the coolest rock & roll memorabilia hanging on every wall. From Slash in my elevator lobby to an old Black Sabbath T-shirt in a hallway. I was overwhelmed looking at all the cool rock paraphernalia everywhere.. . Had a few hours gambling and didn't feel like playing at the tables but I found this cool game from the movie The Hangover (classic Vegas) Movie, I played it and laughed my ass off. Recommended! 5*****sar game.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=Av55PSgNlbpL4u3iUkS3Ww#UAbReTUYq3JQOrj_ugRw3A. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=Av55PSgNlbpL4u3iUkS3Ww#PkafD2kUB1YUuCOI2iuE_w. . I ate at a couple of restaurants at the HRH  but didn't try the 2 gems. Nobu or 35 Steak as they both didn't fit my schedule. I did however eat at Pink Taco and Mr. Lucky's a few times.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=aUPTGc9oaI5KicIkd4UKFw#aUPTGc9oaI5KicIkd4UKFw. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=Av55PSgNlbpL4u3iUkS3Ww#Av55PSgNlbpL4u3iUkS3Ww. . The day light and night time party here is off the charts, with a rehab pool party  and the Nightclub (Vanity) made me  I wish I was 20 years younger.. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nEAoUNf1HrXAWidrwocozg?select=czsviUfChPtKOG4oW8JeKQ#czsviUfChPtKOG4oW8JeKQ. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nEAoUNf1HrXAWidrwocozg?select=czsviUfChPtKOG4oW8JeKQ#PjF3VTtJGBCexIqzlfI21Q. . Momentos:. Door Sign... . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=YH0xFTI2NSQ8sAdlDlmY_A#qV5eNyjhfhu6xtZAfIdx_w. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=YH0xFTI2NSQ8sAdlDlmY_A#rtBAHdRW2uNZsWZe4iBEHQ.  . Pillow Ads (love aids)...... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=YH0xFTI2NSQ8sAdlDlmY_A#F_Mj6A9w3UhtukCOGTS5ag. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=YH0xFTI2NSQ8sAdlDlmY_A#HW_Lh0Qc9hfgdF00KZYqqQ. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=YH0xFTI2NSQ8sAdlDlmY_A#fRDOsPegSJb2EGwvsfI3Aw. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=YH0xFTI2NSQ8sAdlDlmY_A#YH0xFTI2NSQ8sAdlDlmY_A. . What happens in Vegas???. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_CUV0Er7EE. . Just because:. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlrqaAjBwS4. . I'd go back!
Not a very girl friendly hotel. Why? . . LACK OF FULL OF LENGTH MIRRORS.. . Oh there's one on the inside of the closet door, but there's poor lighting where the closet is and not to mention there's some ugly overlay on top of it. You can't see yourself at all! . . Otherwise the suites are swanky. You can plug your iPod into the wall and jam out to your tunes while getting ready. Couches are huge and comfy. So are the beds.
The reception staff is a little on the slow side and it made checking in a really lame experience. The rooms however are awesome and would top that of even some of the more on the strip hotels in Las Vegas. I really liked the decor as you walk through the rock and roll memorabilia along the walls. The layout in this place is a real labyrnth like many casinos so if you're lugging a lot of stuff to your room you could be in for a real walk once you figure out where the elevator is. I thought this place would be a little more reasonably priced for  last minute stop but it turned out with hidden hotel fees at $20 per room so you may be better off grabbing something right on the strip. All in all, I would probably stay there again but not without a substantial discount.
I had an AMAZING time here at the Hard Rock!!! My favorite part being the pool. So why only 3 stars?? Well let me tell you...... . When we arrive to valet the car, we were standing there for a good 5 minutes and no one was approaching up. When the bell boy comes to get our luggage, it looks like we're inconveniencing him. The arriving process took about 15 minutes, oh and we were the only ones there. . . When we go inside, we order a drink at the bar. Bartender is rude.. . Finally, we get into our room. Nice room, but floors feel damp and there's absolutely no toilet paper. It took housekeeping about an hour to bring it up after we requested it. . . Next day, my cousin rented a  cabana at their amazing pool (it truly is). Our waitress was nice and friendly, but the service was soooo SLOW. I mean, every time we ordered something, it took 45min to an hour to come out. Pretty ridiculous since we're spending somuch money on the cabana.  . . I do prefer their casino because it's a smaller one, but that's that my preference. I still had a blast here though!
I was only in town from Friday-Monday AM.  We got out flight and room for $385.  The Hard Rock was well worth the price.  Our rooms were large, clean & had very comfortable beds.  We even got a free bottle with the room!  The casino isn't too large but the bar in the middle is always busy no matter what time of day or night.  They have several good dining options for you to choose from.   The only down side was the distance from the casino to our rooms.  It was a pretty long haul but that was the only negative I saw while staying there.
Ah the Hard Rock. It was a last minute Labor Day Weekend Vegas trip and we needed a hotel quick! Hard Rock to the rescue! . . Super comfy beds. Perfect for those 2 hour naps between raging. Amazing shower. Nice flat panel TV that I never turned on. Great mini bar selection. Lighting in the room is a bit dim. But really appreciated those black out curtains. . . The service here is pretty good. The concierge/bell service for taxis was great. Called late one night and they even picked us up from the Wynn free of charge in the hotel SUV. Shuttle service until 5pm to the Fashion Mall, perfect for heading out to day time pool parties. . . The folks staying at the hotel were pretty diverse, young to old. Lots of folks headed to Rehab but I spent my time partying elsewhere. . . Not bad for a last minute room.
My dark lords and masters occasionally put me up here. It's not a bad location, there's a bit to do and eat and see in the area. The pool is a destination in and of itself, and you never know what sort of improbable heels and barely covered bodies you'll see in the casino areas. Usually they're worth looking at, and won't require mental health assistance to recover from. . . The front desk staff are effective and friendly, although it can be hard to hear them over the loud music and casino noise. My last visit brought a free upgrade to a 2Q suite, which made it a much more enjoyable stay. The line can move slowly when it's crowded, especially when you're in line behind  people who have never checked into a hotel or used a credit card before. . . Speaking of which, the difference between the Casino Tower and the HRH Tower is night and day. Loved the huge bathroom with separate two-person tub and huge shower. Plenty of room to spread out, an iPod dock with touchscreen in the wall, two TVs, and pretty good wired and wireless Internet access. . . The room I had in the Casino Tower last year was okay, but felt a bit dark by comparison. . . On the downside, there's no in-room coffee (although you can get a small pot brought to your room for about $6 + $3 fee + 21% gratuity + 8% tax). The minibar and snack tray have sensors in them so if you pick up an item (i.e. to see what's in it, or what it costs), you get charged for it. I was warned in advance so I didn't have this problem, and I'm told the front desk can clear up accidental charges for the $25 two-condom pack. . . I only got refreshments at the coffee shop (Fuel, I guess) last time, but my most recent visit involved two breakfasts at Lucky's 24/7, the (obviously) always-open diner. If you're alone, they suggest you sit at the counter, and service is intermittent. You'll eventually get served but it felt like I was in the way, although politely so. The coffee was mediocre at best, although the chocolate chip pancakes were very good. . . If you drive, the parking is copious and pretty easy to get around in. Note that parking in your tower's garage is going to be more convenient than just getting the first spot you can find. I parked one day in the Paradise structure and had to cross the whole hotel to get to my room in HRH. On the other hand, first day I parked in HRH and had to cross the whole hotel to get to registration. . . My work hotel choice is usually based on what's available at corporate rate when I book, so while I prefer our other hotel for non-upgraded rooms, I won't feel too bad about staying here, and I'll just try to get there early in the week and hope for a free upgrade.
The rooms are good, if you like that East Coast NY metropolitan apartment styled look, not overly spacious, but chic and functional.. . My biggest advice is to get the "Mountain View" rooms as opposed to any room that faces the pool.  The poolside rooms located near the nightclub are far from soundproof, so you'll hear the BPM's of the thumping bass 'til 3am or 4am, then it starts back up around 9am as the staff preps the pool.  So, if you're a light sleeper and want to have a bit of serenity in your room to relax without feeling you're in a nightclub, then request the Mountain View room.
Eh...I guess the luster has worn on me a bit, this was a place for years that I loved and HAD to visit during our annual pilgrimage to Vegas.  . . We did find an amazing NEW restaurant named Culinary Dropout and WHOA - it's incredible.. . Otherwise - eh.   Maybe it was just the vibe wasn't there that day, not sure.
The hotel is nice. We stayed in the HRH Tower. The only reason I am giving this 3 stars is because for 2 nights of my stay the neighbor I had down stairs was loud as hell and I could hear everything in my room. From his music, full conversations, and late night ordeal with a hooker. Not pleasant.
This casino seems to have more of a fun vibe and draws a younger and more energetic crowd than many of the other casinos.  They have a crazy pool party during the day and an active club scene at night.  Its off the strip so it doesn't seem to get the dazed and confused older tourists stumbling around so it keeps a high energy level with some hot and scantily clad female staff that definitely make this a great place to visit!
Appreciated the free parking - which seems common at Las Vegas hotels. We booked our room on Hotel Tonight - the day of arrival. Got a fantastic rate. But I was little put off that since we checked in after midnight, in the middle of the week, we were still given a room literally at the end, of a very long hall. Yeah - we didn't pay much for it, but since not too many people would be checking in after us, and the hotel was not full at all...it would have been nice to have been given a room that was not clear out in Timbuktu! The room itself was fine. Nice flat panel tv. Nice toiletries.
We nabbed a great deal for a suite at the Hard Rock, as in $89 per night for a King Suite, fully equipped with discounts on spa, drinks and gaming...I figured, hey when in Vegas.. do as the Vegans do, and roll the dice... . Luckily, our suite was in HRH Tower and unluckily, our cabbie on the way over didn't care so he dropped us off at the main lobby.. big bummer, I thought as I shuffled into a line of about 50 other people and no offenses to anyone.. but do you really need to bring your crying 2 year old and 12 pack of Bud Light to the Vegas Strip??! Did you really think that the booty shorts with cellulite combo was an awesome look this morning when you rolled out of bed, or was it still dark? Yeah, the long line was a bummer and I thought for sure this hotel stay was going to be a disaster, especially when the front desk clerk tried to put me in a double queen room.. or have the option in staying in a smoking King suite room.. I took the smoking room and asked for a credit, which she eagerly agreed to. . . Sweet suite! The room was nice and roomy and the bathroom was sleek and modern; large tub, large glass shower with double shower heads and a double sink. It seems like they recently remodeled the HRH Towers and they did a great job with the rooms. The views were nice and the feel of the room was subdued rocker.. The room did smell like fresh ganga, but hey it's Vegas; at least there wasn't a dead hooker under my bed or something. . . Aside from the room, the casino was a little lackluster and it seemed that most people were staying in their rooms and slugging back the 12 packs they brought along with them.. There were some booty shaking girls hanging on poles in the casino, so that was nice if you are a guy...Im not, so I opted to go elsewhere to drink and dine...and roll dice.. . Overall, not a bad stay and I liked the room and for the price it was a great value.. The downer for me was the small casino and lack of night life or any life at all.. the food was very mediocre.. but the spa services were great.
Beds are amazingly comfortable . Great sheets and pillows.  Not the cleanest Hotel I have stayed at.  Music was excellent but really loud.  Small casino got bored quickly.  They must be on a discount program or encourage plastic floating devices if you know what I mean for the femail dealers.
Clean, beds are comfortable.  My friend had an emergency while we were there and the staff handled it great so thanks HRH, well done on that one.  If you're not staying on the strip itself this place is legit.
Loved the room. Comfortable beds, awesome shower, very modern and nicley set up. It was a $10-$15 cab ride to the strip. Casino was fun and clean, nice restaurants (except Pink Taco).  I will definitely stay here again.
We stayed at the HRH- Paradise Tower- from 3/17/13 to 3/22/13. We checked in at 11pm and were told there were no king beds available. My husband is 6'11, a king bed is not just a preference but a necessity. He is over a foot taller than a queen bed. The woman helping us was rude/ cold and said try again tomorrow. When we called the next day (3 times before anyone answered), they said try after 3. We did get a king bed that day but I was unimpressed with the customer service. . . The room was nice, some people complained about how dark it was but that didn't bother me much. The bed was amazingly comfortable and the shower was huge, easily accommodating two ; ). . . The food was not so good- Pink Taco was incredibly overrated, room service was outrageously expensive and included a delivery fee plus 21% gratuity regardless of what you ordered. . . Personally I liked that the hotel was off the strip. The strip was nuts and I liked the bit of separation. We had a rental car and to park there is easy and free. . . Gaming- the casino is small and unimpressive. I am a big gambler so was looking for more than this. It helped me control myself a bit though because if I wanted to gamble I had to leave so I didn't spend as much. . . The pool area is amazing. I couldn't get enough of this pool area, it is stunning. . . The resort fees are annoying. $24/day and all we used was the wifi, when it worked. Everywhere has stupid resort fees these days so there isn't much to do, but worth noting. . . Overall, I would stay here again, but would book a flight that allowed me to check in earlier to get a king bed on the first night, and wouldn't even attempt to buy any food here.
I  liked this hotel.  It was very self contained and I enjoyed that. Our room was nice, I really liked that you could open up the doors to allow for fresh air. . . They had the best black out curtains too.  The shower however sucked.  It backed up, by 2 minutes into my shower I was ankle deep in water.  The sink was also very slow. . . We had the do not disturb sign up the whole time, and the maid still came in our room, which really bothered me. . . Our TV also had a big gouge in the screen and a huge scratch. . . It is a ways from the strip.  We didn't think it was THAT far, so decided to walk to the strip... bad idea, take a cab. They have a shuttle that takes you to the strip during the day time, which we didn't take advantage of. . . This hotel had some of the best restaurants inside though. The music playing throughout was nice, and I really enjoyed the fun decor.  The symbol light fixtures were really cool, and all the memorabilia everywhere was awesome.  I loved walking around and looking at it all.
Not the 5 stars it used to be. The rates were fantastic, but cost-cutting efforts are apparent. I don't like to see a jigger used when my drinks are made. The removal of double-down and splits on video blackjack takes away my game -- went elsewhere to play. We had no drinking glasses in the room for 24 hours (we did get red plastic party cups upon request). There were no in-house discount coupons in the room upon arrival. It just felt cheapened.
Our family stayed one night here.  The check in took a long time due to a long line. I was turned off by all the smoking and women dressed like prostitutes in the lobby area.  Our room had nice amenities but was not very clean. We stayed at the HRH tower. The bell service took 30 mins to get our luggage to our room and the mini fridge we requested took 45 mins. I do like the location and room amenities of the hotel though so would go back. Room service food was also tasty.
Price:. Really cheap compared to other Vegas Hotels, and if you book early enough.. . Location:. Really depends who you are. If you want the hustle and bustle of the Strip, do not come here. But if you're more chill, and want something more relaxed, then HRH is definitely for you. It's located a couple blocks from the Strip, so you would definitely have to take a taxi every time you go out of the hotel, which could be a pain in the back!. . Room:. We stayed in a 2 Queen Bed Suite. I really liked the design and layout, room was really spacious and could easily accomodate 6 people comfortable (4 people on the 2 queen beds, and 2 people on the long and large sofa in the living space). Bathroom was extremely large, with a glass wall, but there are curtains for privacy during showers. I also liked how the toilet has its own separate space from the bathroom, that way people can use the bathroom without being exposed to the toilet. . . FREE WIFI! YES!. . Casino:. Because HRH is so far from the strip, the crowd here is definitely older, and more looking to relax. I liked playing the tables here more than the strip because you don't have your serious gamblers, just people looking to have a fun quiet time at the tables. Also the waitresses are more attentive since it's not that crowded.  . . Overall:. I'd stay at the HRH again, but it's not my first choice. It's not the best place for young people looking to go out to the clubs, because I hated taking the taxi so much or not having the ability to walk the strip and explore other casinos.
Visit this place a lot with hubby. He rents a $1300 per night celebrity suite to impress me and all was going well until I jumped in shower and sewage started building up from the drain. Gets all over my feet.   We are not complainers so we called front desk and they said they would send maintenence to fix it.   Well this morning it happens again.   Now we are kind of upset.   We call front desk and tell them " we are like $3k into this room for the weekend and we got raw sewage on our feet and sewage smell" and they are like "sorry,  we can move you".   Not even a stinking "we are so sorry here is a free drink coupon or a free pedicure to clean the sh_t off my feet.... Nothing!!! . . We will continue to come here because we like the vibe that the guests create.   What we have to just deal with is management that feels that they are doing us a favor by allowing us to patronize them.   If I ran my business like that,  I could never afford a 3k weekend getaway that is for sure.
LAME MUSIC GALORE!!!. . Unless you like potsmoker music that is :(. . We were hanging out at one of the bars near the entrance.. . It is so bad here because of the lame music that I will say no more!!!
Stayed here on my recent trip. Housekeeping sucked. They didn't even change the sheets or clean the bathroom floors. The facilities are fine and the hotel itself is not bad otherwise.
One of the smaller hotels in Vegas. My first time spending the weekend in Vegas with my girlfriends here! . . PRO's. - Super fluffy & comfy beds. - Rehab pool party . - Awesome maid who cleaned up our terrible mess we made . - Spacious shower room. - I didn't have to pay a dime out of my pocket for the room :). . CON's. - Off the strip. - Blood stain behind the curtain. - Blood stain on the pillow. - Limited dining options. - Couch looked dirty and I didn't feel safe sitting on it.... - Room was a lot smaller than I expected considering it was a suite.. - You can hear the music booming throughout the night from the club downstairs. - Bad shower drainage
Damn you Priceline!!! We messed up our bidding and ended up getting the Hard Rock.  I was fairly disappointed because of the distance from the strip and doucey (sp?) Jersey Shore type vibe this place portrays.. . I was pleasantly surprised...  Without holding the distance from the strip against them this is a nice hotel by Vegas standards.  Our room was in the new tower and although basic was big with an even bigger bathroom.  Seriously you could fit a queen sized bed in the shower.  Our room was also right above rehab.  While we didn't partake it made for some hilarious people watching.. . The staff were friendly, helpful, and far from pretentious which was pretty refreshing considering the reputation I thought this hotel had.. . Would I stay here again?  Probably not due to having to spend a small fortune cabbing it back and forth to the strip to meet up with friends(sure it's only a mile but when I'm only in Vegas for ~48hours my time is valuable).  The hotel itself exceeded my expectations and I would definitely recommend it to friends and family wanting a party themed hotel off the strip.
Stayed here on a two day room comp in the Paradise Towers. Bed was super comfortable and I slept great after an all night session of poker on the strip.. . The shower does not drain quickly. No one likes to stand around in dirty shower water.. . Roommate taking a shower and you need to use the restroom? No problem, there was a restroom right across the hall to use along with a drinking fountain. Never have seen that before!. . If you are a light sleeper and sleep during the day, I do not recommend any rooms that face the pool as you will hear the pounding beats from the pool dj. I'm a heavy sleeper and I fell asleep quickly after being awake 27 hours in a 24 hour period and I tend togo to sleep with my radio on, so this wasn't a problem to me. My roommate on the other hand, couldn't sleep and complained about the music.. . Sadly, Hard Rock Hotel is no longer the place to see and be seen other than Rehab on Sundays at the pool. The gaming floor is pretty empty and no longer the packed with people, fun place it once used to be when I played there in the 90's. . The casino did a great job with the expansion and I enjoy the music played in the background throughout the casino, but it's no longer a place I would want to play for any length of time.. . I wasn't too happy with the service I received at their 24 hour cafe, Lucky's 24/7, but I'll write about that in a separate review.. . So unless I get another room comp or come for a concert, I don't see myself coming here again in the future too often.
I'm very disappointed with my stay this year. I try to come once a year for my birthday, usually, my experience is pleasant. However, this year changed it all. I arrive at my hotel and was able to check in early, which was nice. I get to my room and the bathroom light is almost dark, I call maintenance and they  changed it pretty quickly. The sink to my bathroom did not drain, by the time I get around to call the front desk, theroom phone doesn't work! Washing my hands and face was kinda gross because the water didnt drain! Same issue with the shower...yuck! I feel that the hotel should pay a little more attention to their rooms. 3 of my others friends were staying, and same issue, rooms falling apart...not cool!
I have to give it only a 3 star because the pool experience was such a hassle I just can't give it any more. The idea of having to go to the parking garage to get a wristband only to have to go through security (bagcheck and a patdown) was the most ridiculous thing I have experienced. I can understand the security part, but to have to do both was a hassle. In the parking garage, we had to see if our bags would fit which they did. Then going to the pool, miraculously it did not fit so we had to go back to our room to switch bags. Even security said the dimensions were different. Oh and God forbid you bring gum, medicine or your compact! This was on a Saturday and really no different than any other pool so I was really confused as a guest.. . On a lighter note, the staff was great and funny. Very accommodating for the most part. My friend got upgraded so we did stay in a different tower (not one we signed up for) so that was interesting. Our room was not cleaned until well after the normal hours of housekeeping so that was disappointing. We also did the spa and that was AMAZING!!. . I'm a rocker at heart so the hotel is ok to stay at but hassle was too much to deal with on a vacation.
This place has gotten pretty ghetto.  If you've ever walked down the strip and seen white trash drinking mixed drinks out of a yard, I'm pretty sure this is where they stay.. . Inconveniently located a mile OFF The Strip, I grabbed a room at the HRH&C merely because it was offered for $45.  I had gambled and been to shows at The Joint before but never stayed there so . . . what the hell.  Why not?. . I thought the rooms were fairly decent despite the fact I paid an additional $35 to 'upgrade' to a corner room in the Paradise Tower which gave me a gorgeous view of a dirt lot.  The beds were over-the-top soft (which I viewed as a negative -- but, to each their own when it comes to mattresses).  I did love the enormous shower so . . . there's that.. . If you're a middle-aged man with a tribal tattoo arm band who raises hell when LMFAO's 'Shots' comes on the airwaves, a twenty-something dude with full sleeves and a fauxhawk who has seen every episode of Jersey Shore, if you're a skank with giant angel's wings tattooed on your back (slightly covered by your long peroxide hair), if you are in town from Barstow for the weekend and you're sleeping eight to a room, you all brought your own pillows with atrocious colorful pillow covers and you're hauling coolers and cases of beer up to your room for an 'epic pre-game'-- this is your place!!!!!. . (Update -- I just read Kevin Federline got married here the weekend I visited so . . . yeah.  I think that pretty much validates my review)
place is okay, i always stay when it has deals. loved the suite but it sucked that when u remove an item it bills you (i have kids), the pool is great but the price for rehab sucks, 25 or 50 for bnext gyest after ;-( sucks!! anyway the houskeeping was cool and smoking room was better than regualr :-)
I stalked TA before my trip to Vegas and read review after review about Hard Rock. I like to know what to expect when I vacation.. . I'll make this as simple as I can:. 1. Hotel is off strip located a few minutes from the airport. Folks say the walk to the strip isnt too bad - I did not make the walk because I would have had to walk alone. Didn't really feel like testing my fate.. 2. Room was in the Casino tower - view wasn't fantastic because we had a street view. Had a clear view of the airport and could lay in bed and watch the planes come in and out. I DID NOT HAVE A COFFEE MAKER IN MY ROOM - I had to walk downstairs each morning for coffee. I won't lie, this sucked.. 3. My bed was FANTASTIC. All the fantastic things you've heard about the comfort of the bed are correct. I loved the bed. You sink in the bed when you sit down thanks to the featherbed and there's a light down comforter. The bed is amazing ... comfortable ... heavenly ... Fantastic.. 4. Our bathroom was not updated - wasn't too big of a deal because I could still take a shower and get clean.. 5. Minibar madness in the room .... Mini fridge and a display on the desk full of items for you to purchase. Save your money and walk across the street.. 6. Subway, CVS and a liquor store are across the street. There's also a ton of food places in strip mall with CVS. Make the walk over, you'll save a ton of cash.. 7. Lots of people complain about the music in the hotel ... you're staying at HARD ROCK. I love music and didn't have any issues with the volume of music or the music playing. I loved the selection of music.. 8. Didn't see lots of big winners ... if you're planning on gambling, you might want to make your way over to the strip and spend your money there.. 9. Pools - there are different pools - ALL POOLS EXCEPT NIRVANA HAVE A MINIMUM $50 DRINK AND FOOD CHARGE. If you don't want to pay the minimum to sit in the chairs, head over to the Nirvana pool. You're not charged a fee to sit in the chairs at that pool.. 10. Restaurants - there are a few different restaurants ... Mr. Lucky, Pink Taco, FU, Culinary Dropout, Nobu and 35 Steaks. I ate at FU, Mr. Lucky and Pink Taco. Nothing spectacular ... standard food and standard overpriced entrees.
We only stayed here one night on the way south to arizona but i think the hotel was ok.  Rooms are big and "rock n roll" furnished in black and red mostly, at least in the Paradise Tower where we stayed.  I liked it! . . Beds are comfy and we had a view of the pool area that looked nice even though we didnt have time to test it this time. . . The hotel as i guess most people know is about amile away from bustle of the strip. We didnt mind since it was only for 1 night and we like to walk. If i where staying there for several nights with the only purpose to party (after all its Vegas.....) i would probably choose something on the strip instead.   . . Ive seen some complaints about the "resort fee" that you have to pay even though you have prepaid the stay on expedia, hotels.com etc. This is like all Las Vegas resorts so you will have to pay it even if you stay somewhere else.
Stopped in to scope the place out as my first visit to a Hard Rock property and was impressed with the vibe it's very out going, a lot of energy from the crowd's gambling in here, it's loud.. just one of these places it has it's own clientele that I didn't feel I fit in with unless I was drunk.. did not gamble in the place but over all it's a unique property doesn't have your typical casino feel it's more like a hard rock restaurant placed inside a casino if you can imagine with a lot of pictures and memorabilia to boot..
This place is great if you find fun within the hotel for the night! I do not recommend trying to walk to the strip from here! Its farther than it looks and can get seedy. The rooms are typical hard rock and really funky and fun! Great for a weekend feeling nostalgic and sexy! Room service is excellent and they have great clubs and pools!
It was a very impromptu and spontaneous trip to NV! My friend booked rooms at the Hard Rock, interesting environment, I PROBABLY won't be staying here again but I think if your looking for something that's reasonable and close to the strip this would be your best bet pretty much?!  The downstairs lounge area with the pool tables was pretty fun and unexpected! :)  It's like a Holiday Inn, It's a 5 star for BASIC Hotels!. . **FACTS**. Cons:. It is a BIT grungy.. No good food selection at the hotel.. Rooms are subpar.. . Pros:. Casino located in the hotel!. Comfy Beds and Pillows!. Pretty Quiet.. Body English is a fun club!
Personally, I like the Hard Rock Hotel. The structure is easy to follow, can't really get lost there. The circle bar is fun and in the center of all the action. The craps dealers and cocktail girls and friendly and fun. I love Body English after hours, never a cover for locals with local ID. If not Body English, there is Vanity. Rehab day pool is a pool worth visiting during the summer. My room was very nice for what we paid for. The only thing I really have to complain was that my room was literally facing Rehab pool, making it hard for me to get any sleep during the day.
It was my first time coming to Vegas and booked in thru Priceline. Got a nice Non-Smoking room. When We got to Vegas early in the morning, Checked in right when we supposed to, we were told that there was no reservations under our name. It was another name and it was probably priceline. Anyway, they didn't have the room we wanted. They only had smoking. No one wanted to help. Anyway, The room was nice but smelled like smoke. Ugh. The room didn't have a fridge but had a fridge with beer and liquor that if you take out, you buy. And there was candy and snacks on the tables in your view, if you take it off, you get charged. It was crazy. The casino was nice, the cabs were nice, everything else was ok. I would go back if the price was right maybe. If you there, Go to the KISS mini golf across the street! It's awesome!!!
Stayed in the Paradise Tower in the 18th floor (top floor) with pool view. Way too high to enjoy the pool view but awesome view of the airport if you're into that kind of thing. Heard my neighbors having sex at 6am (clear as if I was in the same room). Bathroom is super small, dark, and smelled weird. Beds/sheets were really comfortable. No fridge. And you cannot bring in outside food. For $80/night it's decent but I probably won't stay again.
To start off with, the check in process was too long and tedious.  They need to keep more front desk attendants on staff, especially right around 3-4pm which is their CHECK-IN TIME.. . While I was waiting in line to check in, my friends were waiting with our stuff and we very clearly had 2 cases of beer with us, which one of the valets helped us get inside the hotel.  Like I said, check-in took a while, so they sat there for another 20 min with this beer.  We carry it all way into our room in Casino tower, then down and over to their room in Paradise tower, only to be stopped by staff saying "You can't bring that in here".  At that point I said screw it, we brought it in anyway.. . The room was awesome and the best was even better.  We were in the Casino Tower over looking the pool and it was beautiful.  There wasn't a fridge so we (mistakenly) pulled some items from the mini bar and put our beer in there to get cold.  Replaced everything before we left, didn't actually consume anything from the mini bar, but upon check out had been charged for everything we moved.  Probably my fault for being naive, but they could have put a sign explaining that.  The guy said anything that's moved and not put back within 15 seconds will be charged.. . Everything else went pretty great until 2 days after we left.  My credit card was charged for $25 and I called asking them why, they said that I rented two movies during my stay.  First, being frustrated, I said "Oh, because that's why I go to Vegas. To watch movies and get a lot of sleep", but when I actually contested they took them right off.. . TL;DR: Nice hotel, GREAT bed, sucks you can't bring in your own drinks, just make sure you check the bill when you leave.
Pros:. + Some ofthe comfiest beds I have ever slept in at a hotel. + Clean and tidy rooms, spacious bathrooms and closets. + One of the best bars I've been in with good service, however I can't figure out why my Jack and coke was half the size of my friend's vodka + monster. + Their slot machine tripled my money in less than 5 minutes. +Great taxi stand guys. +Amazing decor in the lobby, in the elevators, and on the room doors. + Quiet rooms for Vegas. +24-hour room service. . Cons:. -It took over half an hour to check in due to the extremely long line, and only 3 people working the counter. For the love of mike, PLEASE plan your staffing to accommodate a Friday check-in. This long line meant we had to forego having dinner before our concert. - Room Service Sunday morning took an hour and a half despite being told 45 minutes. . - Their room service food is like mediocre cafeteria food, and they add a 20% tip but seem to have forgotten to tell the room service server who stands waiting for more.. - Pat downs to get into a concert, and no chains allowed on wallets. I do NOT trust a Vegas concert crowd, and having a small chain on my wallet means I still HAVE a wallet at the end of the night.. - After getting a late checkout, we still had an employee banging on our door at 11am on the nose telling us we were being charged for another day. Communicate with your people!. - Loudest pressurized toilet flushing on the planet.
I booked a 4 night weekday stay here while I was in town for work. I booked in the HRH tower, which is the nicest of the 3. Check-in could have certainly been better, after asking a staff member how to get to the HRH tower I was directed to the main check-in desk in the center of the casino. After waiting for over 20 minutes to check-in I was finally told HRH has a separate check-in and parking garage. Fantastic. . . The room on its own merit was nicely appointed. Large bathroom, plenty of room to lounge around and a comfortable bed.. . Eatery choices are a bit limited and not terribly exciting.
My boyfriend and I stayed here from Friday night until Monday morning. There were good and bad parts of our stay. The beds were extremely comfortable. The blankets and pillow were very fluffy. The decor of the room was very cool. The view from our room of the strip and the pools was quite wonderful. The service was great - very accommodating. They were helpful and quick to provide us with anything we need. Now the bad parts...the room fluctuated between being very warm and very cold. It was never really comfortable, temperature wise. There was temperature control but it didn't seem to be doing any good. There was no microwave, fridge, or coffee maker. I'm okay with no microwaves but the fridge and the coffee makers are always a must. I hate having to go all the way down to Fuel to get coffee and breakfast and be forced to eat all of my food just because I don't have a fridge. The parking was free though and there's plenty of it. I can't comment on the nightlife there. We usually just went to the strip but the location was nice, like less than a mile away from the strip. Stay here if you really love rock and roll and can forgo basic needs like a coffee maker. For a coffee addict like me, that was a huge let down.
The stay at the Hard Rock was enjoyable but nothing amazing that would make me want to stay here again.  The check in process took forever, they had a huge line and only a few people working.  Check out of course was easy.  The hotel is large and if you are in the Paradise Tower the walk to your room is fairly long.  The hotel has many restaurants and bars, all of which are pretty good.  They also have some stores, a tattoo shop, gym and a bunch of pools.  I know in summer this is the place to be for hanging out at the pool but in winter only one is even open.  The room was nice.  The room was dark and rock star like which is cool but I wish the bathroom had more light.  The bed was very comfortable.  You are off strip but if you don't mind walking it only takes about 15 minutes.  The Hard Rock Cafe is outside of the hotel right in front.
This was my 3rd year in a row coming there.. When I went to check in on Mon at noon, they told me it would be $20 for early check in....or I could wait til 3pm.   I had just flow 5 hrs from DC and didn't want to wait.   It left a bad taste in my mouth all week.. Add this to the fact that all during x-mas week, the hotel was empty.. Love the fact they only play x-mas music on dec 25 and no other days.. Love that the hotel isn't so big.. Disappointed there are no frig in room.. Don't mind that its not on the strip....I enjoy walking the 30 minutes to the strip.. Hotel seems like its not the in place anymore.. Biggest complaint is the shuttle to the Strip:. It only goes to the fashion mall.. Why not just go up the street and drop off at planet hollywood or something?. Shuttle runs on the hour but it only takes 15 minutes to get to the mall.. Rest of the time it sits in the HRH garage.   If it ran more often and went to more places, I could cut down on cabs (Cabs from HRH to strip are about $20). . CVS across the street is a god send.
