The serving size is super huge no matter of appetizers or entree!. . Food tasted ok, my pasta was way way overcooked that it glued together like a mess while the veal sauce tasted excellent.  My bf's pasta was average just slightly better than Olive's Garden. . . We were much better off to grab a crepe at Jean Philippe instead!
Excellent food, bitchy hostess staff!. . My hub and I hit Vegas every summer, it's our time to reconnect sans teenagers.   We're farily easy to please, good food, good wine, good Lord we're thrilled! This is in the Bellagio where we were staying, made reservations, asked for a table Al Fresco, arrived and snooty little hostess sat us at a tiny little two top near the kitchen door.  We weren't rude, we asked (again) for a table outdoors (which overlooks the magnificent Bellagio Fountain show) and told her her we were happy to to camp at the bar and have a cocktail if need be watiing for a table outdoors. She rolled her eyes and walked away from without a word and headed back to the hostess stand.  We followed like scolded little kids assuming we were supposed to.    She murmored something to someone else at the front and walked away.  We ended up getting our table and were thrilled but since we travel alot to Vegas the economy really has taken it's toll there and most restaurants are not full even on weekends so theycan't afford to leave a lasting impression like this little bitch did.    At any rate, the Tapenad (spelling?) was awesome, waiter was very helpful with wine and meals.  Steaks were wonderful and we enjoyed the romtantic atmosphere watching the Bellagio light show provided. There are ODDLES of restaurant choices so we prob wont' return here.
best olives I ever had!  We had the calamari, beef carpaccio and seabass, all very delicious.  We went with a group of 7, it was a work dinner.  We were all having a good time, talking, laughing, weren't being obnoxious or anything, and the hostess came by and told us that she wants to ensure others can enjoy their dinner, so pretty much telling us to be quiet, which we all thought was so inappropriate.  It's not like we haven't been to other nice restaurants and that other parties weren't at the same talking levels as us.. . But anyway, food and the waiter was good, but the night ended on a bad note,so rude!
I've been waiting a long time to eat here and planned on asking my girlfriend to marry me here after we ate.  Unfortunately everything was mediocre and I had to change plans.  The service was okay and they did allow us to only pay corkage for a wine they carried at the restaurant.  But the sald was weak, mostly full of croutons.  Her fish and my scallops were good, not great.  It was warm in the place and the bench for our table was way too low for the height of the table.  Nothing great here...go to Michael Mina's or twenty other better places.
Ok let's try a straight to the point format :-). . Good food (not amazing). Slow service. Very loud and busy. NOT cheap by any means. Can probably care less about my review cause they will remain busy
It was good but not great.. . Appetizers were better than the entrees. . . If you want steak, get the sirloin.  The Ribeye was fatty and not good.
i really wanted the buffet at the belliggo but my billionaire japanese cousin wanted to take myself and some other japanese buyers to a really nice lunch before our massages, so we were on a tight schedule and the waiter was really nice and cool about that but everything was wrong and it was horrible to say the least. First my cousin isn't eating cheese at the moment and ordered for all of us and im not sure what came out but it looked like udon noodles with tomato sauce and his dish had massive cheese on it but they said it didn't and i didn't dare to complain then while in the middle of the crowded resturaunt so he ate it and i know it was good cus he loves cheese! Anyways it was a 400 plus lunch took 45 mins and i had to laugh when i saw one of our guest buyers just moving his udon noodle around his plate but the decor is awesome i loved the lights above the inside tables....xoxo   maybe if i go next time it will be better!
I dropped in here and sat at the barfor a quick bite to eat and a drink. Being completely transparent, all I have base my experience off of was a plate of fried calamari and a bloody mary.. . The calamari was 4-star status. The portion was fair for the price, and tasty as all get-out. It was fried perfectly - crispy, tender, and not greasy.. . The bloody mary was only 2-star status, and so was the sevice. When I ordered the bloody mary, I asked for no rim. The guy gave me a look and said, "We don't put anything on our bloody marys". Well sorrryyyy. And they weren't kidding. No rim, no celery, nor lime. Just a green olive.. . Looking at other people's plates, the food looked really good and they all looked happy. Alas, I can only rate based on my experience. Mediocre service +  meh bloody mary + awesome calamari = 3 stars.
If I wrote this review  two or three years ago I would've given Olives a 5 star rating, I simply think its not as good as it used to be. I'm a big fan of Todd English's cooking and Olives in Las Vegas has always been a favoriteas mine, so much that I had to try it in NYC went I went over there for a shjort visit. The Carpaccio, Scallops, and steak were all favorites of mine (even thought the steak was better than PRIME at one point). However at one particular visit, I thought it wasn't as good, but still being one of my favorites I decided to go again, but still thought it was decent but nothing special. I have still gone back for lunch and would keep it that way from now on.
Truffle burger is LEGIT. Great view of the fountains too. Went here during lunch, wasnt too crowded. Worth a stop if you're in the hotel and get hungry
Flatbreads here between 2 people, and 2 Salads maybe best lunch in Vegas.. . Chicken Skewer=awesome. Beef Skewer=tuff/bland. . Muffaletta Flatbread=wow. . Salads=great but so overdressed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3 1/2 stars.. . I'm a bit torn about this place.  My expectations were pretty high going because of friends who raved about it.  My experience ended up being a bit of a mixed bag.. . I was meeting some friends in Vegas who wanted to have lunch, and I left it up to them to pick a place with the condition that me wearing a t-shirt would be acceptable (since I was coming straight from an event and wouldn't have time to change).  I felt a bit uncomfortable and wished I brought something to put over my bright yellow t-shirt.  I also felt some of the workers, particularly the hostess, were a bit pretentious.  I tried to make conversation and didn't get much of a response in return.  Our server, while not exceptional, was nice and friendly.  Other workers like the food server and person filling our drinks were okay, but I expected more from a place like this.. . As for the food, everything was at least good, but in some cases, not as good as I would have expected.  The fig & prosciutto flatbread was most excellent!  The bread and tapenade were good too.  The Todd's Caesar with anchovies was pretty good, but I didn't feel it was anything that special - it seemed a bit underseasoned.  I had the sirloin with whipped potatoes which was cooked to my liking and was pretty good, but again, nothing special.  I wished I ordered what one of my trusted friends recommended, the butternut squash tortellini.  . . Overall, it was an "okay" experience.  Not bad, but nothing that "wowed" me.  I'll give it another shot if the opportunity presents itself again.
Bibbe salad very vinegary . Short rib pasta dish not what I expected.... For a meal that ran us over 1400 dollars I expected much more.
Olives is an ok middle of the road restaurant. Is was not as classy or as great of food as we had hoped. Restaurant is smallish and hot when crowded. Our party had flatbread, which was good. Chicken which was moist and smelled great, and ravioli was very good. We had expected more of an Italian restaurant. Service was ok but not quick. A nice place to dine.
If anyplace could be overrated, this would be it.. . I have no issues with the service.  Our staff did a wonderful job.  There was a group of 12 of us and we were in the semi private room straight back past the bar with a view of the fountains.. . It was dark though.  Very dark.  And it was loud.  Very loud.. . I have a rule when I eat out.  Never order any pork chop of any kind.  No matter how good the restaurant, it's always overcooked and dry.. . However, Iwas at "Olives" and ordered it anyway.  Yes, it was dry.  I couldn't get over half of it down.. . The highlight of the meal is the diced olives spread on the bread they provide as part of the meal.  It's EXCELLENT!!!  Next time, i'll order dessert for dinner and just dine on bread and spread.
Great ambiance, restaurant has a view of the Bellagio fountain but it was too cold to eat outside. Ordered the grilled octopus & squid with chickpeas and the tuna tartare for appetizers, both were blah.  The first was just mostly chickpeas and the second was lacking in flavor, only a hint of sesame oil. These two just didn't do anything for us.. . Although my short rib lasagna was great, very different from a typical red sauce lasagna and the portion was pretty big. I loved their assorted bread and our waiter was really friendly. They didn't allow us to have a birthday cake since it's "foreign" so that kinda sucked.. . Overall, okay experience but nothing crazy.
Okay, I know it's weird that I would give a 3-star for such nice restaurant in vegas locating in Bellagio.  . . I actually liked the environment because I were seated in the outside patio.  The view was super nice! It's very very pretty at night.  Don't worry about the cold weather because there were heaters outside.  The only sad thing about the night I was there because there was a little rain and it was super windy.  so I guess if you are planning to go, check the weather too!. . I ordered the following plates:. 1) Pan cake with Foie Gras steak $25 (again, if you know I'm a big fan of foie gras.  I give a-OK to this one.  It's not that I don't know it but it did not have the original taste.  But guess what, the mini pancake tasted really special and i love it!). . 2) Escargot - $18 (hmm... i don't recommend this.  sorry). . 3) tuna tartare - $18 (no..... don't order this.  it was just plain tuna sashimi (i think it was not marinated) and some cucumber in the bottom..... If you are in the SGV area,  please go to La Grande Orange Cafe in Pasadena for the tuna tartar only $14). . 4) Lobster Pasta - $41 (a big disappointment.  I'm sorry to say I didn't like it.  I saw many people recommended this and it's about lobster so I gave a try.  Failed.  It was a big "plate" with a little portion of pasta and two pieces of lobster.  The lobster tasted like it's only boiled.  The sauce to the pasta was okay but for $41... I was hoping for more.). . 5) Lemonade - $6 (it tastes different and was good.  But $6 I think it was overpriced). . The service was okay, not at my expectation.  The view, again, super nice, despite of the weather.  We took some photos there and the server was nice enough to help us take one photo.  . . The total bill came out around $115 which is quite expensive to me.. but the good thing is I have $60 from my mlife credit so I only had the pay the rest.  So don't forget your mlife card.  If you gamble, use it to pay!! heheh . . My tip is make reservation ahead of time.  Go around at 6PM before the peak time.   If you are like me, prefer bigger portion of food... maybe it's not really a good place to try.  But if you like to enjoy the view and enironment and not about the food, there you go, a must try!
Restaurant Week Review.  I have to preface this review with, this is my first visit here and we came here specifically for restaurant week, the lunch menu.. . Original plan was to sit outside on the nice terrace overlooking the Bellagio fountains, but the weather prevented us from doing that, so the hostess sat us next to the window, which was perfect. Our server suggested 2 of his favorite mixed drink specialties from the bar, I wish I could remember the names of them, they were so good.. . For my app I went with Crispy Lamb Riblets; Sweet Corn Raita, Lamb Reduction, Honeyed Yogurt, Micro Mint. This was delicious. And rather large for an app, it was perfectly cooked, a little crunch on the outside and tender on the inside. My friend ordered the Wild Mushroom Tart; Caramelized Onions, Herbed Imported Goat Cheese, Truffle Essence. This also was delicious, had the perefect amount of every ingredient.. . We both chose the same main course, Pacific Sole Milanese; Creamy Fava Bean Risotto, Garlicky Spinach, Lemon Caper Butter Emulsion, Shaved Fennel Insalata.  Right away I noticed it looked greasy, I think the combination of the Milanese with the caper butter emulsion made this dish very heavy and it covered the taste of the Sole. I kept having to drink water after every bite. I lovedthe risotto and spinach under the fish, so that's what I ended up eating. Dissapointed because I ended up not eating the fish.. . We both chose the same dessert as well, Tiramisu Cannoli; Cinnamon Spiced Cake, Espresso cream. This was a different twist on tiramsu, which is one of my favorite desserts. It had a good flavor, nothing spectacular.
Very much enjoyed the food here.  The lamb riblet appetizer on the prix fixe restaurant week lunch menu was out of this world.  The skirt steak shyed by comparision.  Nice that I could sit next to Dennis Quaid(not kidding).  The dessert was just average.  I could have ordered those lamb riblets for lunch and I would have been happy.  Delicious bread with a nice olive spread.  Popular place.  I'd go back
Wow, where's Restaurant Confidential when you need them? For an establishment in such a prime location touting a very high end menu and rock star chef branding, you would think that the dining room staff wouldn't be the sad end of amateur hour. The dining room is not large, there were plenty of waiters milling about, so I'm not sure why the service was so spotty. Orders were forgotten, mixed up, glasses of high end single malt scotch were filled with crushed ice, even when explicitly instructed otherwise. Pretty much every milestone in the dinner (ordering drinks, ordering appetizers, getting food, getting post-meal drinks, getting the check) was preceded by a painfully long wait for a waiter who managed to disappear from view for long stretches of time. Being that this was a weekday, my assumption was that the pro-level service was reserved for Friday nights and weekends. Unfortunate, to say the least, that the poor-service ended up being such a distraction for a great meal. The "Duck Two-Ways" was stellar, and considering the quality ingredients and preparation, the serving sizes were stunningly large. Patio views overlooking the Bellagio fountain, firing off every 15 minutes, a great place to eat, but come on a Friday.
I used to really look forward to visiting Olives.  But this news report has caused me to reconsider future visits.  Does anyone have a different perspective?  Rather unflattering report.. . http://www.boston.com/Boston/businessupdates/2012/05/boston-officials-say-chef-todd-english-left-his-closed-faneuil-hall-restaurant-shambles/4NgD7C8aIfP6BRZcqyF9gM/story.html?p1=News_links
A friend visiting from out of town and I went to Olives for lunch. We were seated right away, but at a small table near the entrance. There were several other open tables, and people were eating outside, but we weren't asked our preference. I actually would have loved a fountain view and would have waited for it.  Oh well.. . Service was overall prompt and attentive, and our waiter was very personable.. . The beef carpaccio that my friend ordered was very good! My squid and octopus was a bit tough, but overall good.  I had the pink snapper special for my entree. I enjoyed the risotto, but the snapper was a bit underseasoned.  My friend ordered the short rib pasta and didn't care for it.. . All in all, I was a bit underwhelmed.
The seating was excellent. I requested the patio when I made the reservations. We got seated right next to the stone railing and got the prime view of the water shows. . The food was not so great. The folie gras was overcooked and seared black around the edges. BAD! The medium rare steak was medium well done. I think I could've gotten better food at a buffet. Definitely not recommend for the food.
The lychee blossom martini was to die for!. Ordered the duck foigrass and it was yummy! As a main dish ossobucco,  good flavor but a little too salty. . . We found it very busy and noisy, I guess we were looking for a more quite spot. . . Service was friendly.
Service: No. Food: Good. Ambiance: Fantastic. . We ordered:. . Eggplant Parmigiana flatbread. roasted roma tomato, caramelized onions, fresh buffalo mozzarella, . garlicky bread crumbs, pistachio basil pesto.....18. . - The flatbread was pretty good. Considering I don't eat veggies, I dug this. This is green eggplant not purple, which threw my mom off. Was a little greasy but still good.. . Porterhouse Steak . crispy fried lobster mac & cheese, shiraz demi glaze, butter braised broccoli, red pepper puree.....56. . - Ordered medium-well and it came out fairly rare. The demit glaze was amazing and the steak was very, very tender almost falling off the bone. The lobster mac n cheese was ice cold (probably sitting around waiting for the steak). One of the men standing around noticed my discontent and attempted to fix the situation by offering to bring out a warm side and he did, however he brought out the wrong side. Crab cake!! And it was bomb. Not right but nice effort.. . Rainbow Trout, came with Brussel Sprouts risotto? and something else.. $38?. . - Mom got the special for the day and enjoyed her meal greatly. She said she wished there were more brussel sprouts.. . Bill ended up being $163 before tip. Not bad. Two entrees, the flatbread as an app, two glasses of wine and dessert. I was expecting it to end up being about $230 without tip.. . Considering how many people I send here a week and how much they all pay for dinner I was expecting service to be top notch. It was not. My server was less than attentive. I think he was either trying to get laid or get a big tip from the six top of chicks sitting a few tables away. I decided to bring my mother out to a nice dinner and the service was lacking. My mothers been a waitress herself for 25+ years and I myself work in the industry (Concierge at a SISTER PROPERTY) and we both thought the server sucked. I don't think I'll be back despite how good the food was.. . Oh and the server ended up getting screwed because his party of six all wanted seperate checks and paid with credit cards. Karma for you buddy!
Visited Olive's after seeing Cirque's O at the Bellagio (Fantastic show!) . . It was about 9:30 on a Sunday night and quite packed...thankfully we had a reservation. While we did arrive a few minutes early, we were promptly seated. . . I wasn't terribly hungry so I passed on a pre-dinner app and just ordered an app for dinner. My fellow diners, however, did opt for some apps one of which I did steal a few bites of, the Tuna Tartare. Very delish! Fresh diced tuna mixed with rock shrimp with a clean, but slightly spicy sesame dressing all atop a crisp, lightly dressed, julienned cucumber salad.. . For my dinner I chose the Steamed Clams. Not completely what I had expected, but a nice dish nonetheless. A LARGE bowl of steamed clams tossed with a chunky tomato and garlic sauce. I was expecting a sauce more along the lines of a white wine/garlic or a garlic/butter sauce so the chunky tomato veggie sauce caught me off guard. (For the record- it did not say tomato sauce on the menu). The steamed clams were perfectly steamed, tender and served in abundance! I wasn't a huge fan of the sauce and found it to be a bit "burdensome" when trying to shell and eat the clams. . . Service, was so-so. Our server was prompt and efficient, but definitely not the most friendly. He was a bit cold and you kind of got the feeling he didn't want to be there. . . Everyone seemed to be pretty satisfied with their meals, but no one was raving about it either. Overall good meal, decent service, nice ambiance (we were sitting inside and had a nice view of the Bellagio water show). . . When in the area, a return trip is doubtful but not out of the question. Too many other options and for the price I would expect service to be a bit more friendly.
beautiful place, intimate tables, and a decent view of the bellagio fountains. reservations are a must and even though we were late, they kindly seated us at the next available table.. . the menu was pretty standard of items so i settled on the salmon mainly for the israeli couscous. the fish was prepared well with a side of steamed veggies and the couscous was rich, but not overpowering. overall, the meal was very uneventful though i did feel healthy and ready for a night out.
Good service, OK food but bad sommelier picks.  . . For $75 bucks a head you would think the food would be memorable and the wine pairings would be spot on.... not so much at Olives.. . Our party of 5 all got the 3 course tasting menu with wine pairings. . . The starter course was OK- nothing special.  Some of us had the garspacho and others the crab sticks- both were OK.  Wine was just OK.. . Main course was King salmon or airline chicken or flank steak.  All 3 were disapointing.  The salmon was overcooked and flavorless and was served with some mushy risotto that had an overly generous seasoning of lemon preserves (I grew up eating wild salmon and was very bummed), the steak was your average cut of meat the surprise was the airline chicken- which was a chicken breast and dark sauce.  Chicken was tender and flavorful- but come on.... $50 and only the chicken was good?  . The big deal breaker of the evening came with the wine pairing- a run-of-the-mill pinot that was comparable to some two-buck-chuck.  Being from the Bay area.... we know wine, and this was not a good one.  The sommelier noticed we werent drinking the red and asked why.  We explained our displeasure and she graciously brought a small sample of a malbec instead.  It was appreciated. . . The STAR of the evening was the dessert and the sweet dessert sparkling wine.  DELISH!  Icecream or lemon cake.... both were amazing and the sparkling wine was am amazing complement. . . All in all, it was a good meal- but not amazing by any standards.  When I pay that much for dinner (and when I am in a city of cullinary greats) I expect the resturant to bring their "A" game.  Olives brought a solid "C" game.... and for that I wont be returning.
Went to this place with my husband and parents, who were visiting from out of town. The best part about the experience was sitting outside on the patio and watching the Bellagio fountains. We had a late reservation so it wasn't too hot. The fountains and ambiance were great.. The food was so-so. We are definitely pasta people so 3 of us had a pasta dish and my husband had the scallops. I had the gnocchi with chicken...it was ok. I guess I'm a purist because this gnocchi was served with chicken and red sauce which was slightly non-traditional. It had a good flavor and the gnocchi was delicious (definitely fresh) but the chicken was on the dry side - overall didn't think the dish was worth the price. My dad had the ravioli which was pretty standard and again overpriced.. My husband had the scallops, they were cooked perfectly, but he was slightly disappointed that there were only 3 for the price. Probably pretty standard on the strip though.. Service was not that great either. The waiter only spent about 5 min total at our table, he wasn't that helpful in making recommendations, took a while to get some drinks, including standard iced tea. He also didn't write down our orders - which is fine - but then came back to the table 2 separate times to confirm the orders. That was a little annoying - if you can't remember, just write it down.. Overall, will probably not rush back here. Best part about the whole experience was the fountains and outdoor seating. Can probably find better amongst all the other places on the strip.
I was so excited about eating here. Service was  great, friendly, funny waiter. Husband got the scallops with beets said it was great. I ordered the gnocchi with chicken. Chicken was dry and food was not to hot. Wound up feeling sick for the rest of the evening. I was so disappointed. Gave 3 stars for ambiance and service. My food was mediocre.
Sigh, Olives what did you do to that absolutely to die for fig and prosciutto flat bread? I have had it twice in other Olives and the ham was cooked and slightly crispy. On this occasion in Vegas it was limp and droopy over the figs. The apple salad was ok,but overpriced for what I got. The service was great and the restaurant lovely.
I picked this place because of the location. I didn't mind the food reviews just because I really wanted to view the fountains. With that said, the food was okay. I think that the service was what made the kicker for me to have actually enjoyed this place. . . I ordered the mushroom flat bread and my boyfriend ordered the club. Overall, his sandwich looked great and he says that it was really delicious. My mushroom flatbread was good but could have been better. The drinks that we ordered were just simple vodka tonics and jack and cokes but the great thing about them were that they were strong and delightful to drink under the beaming sun. . . The show was awesome to enjoy but I'd probably would have liked more privacy. People were coming out of the restaurant and would gather around the table. I suppose I understand but then again, it's just common courtesy, right!? . . The service is what made the experience worth dining. Our server, Joy, was just that -- a joy! She was honest, funny and very attentive. I'd come back to just request her. :). . Ohhh, that reminds me! Even though it was over 100 degrees, the host turned us away because my boyfriend was wearing a tank. I suppose I understand but we were going to sit outside for goodness sakes! Well, she saved our table so I'm grateful for that but just a FYI for future diners - if you're even going for lunch and sitting in 100 degree weather, you must wear something with sleeves!
Too heavy, too complicated.  Nice decor, but I felt the environment was Las Vegas formula, but without the extra important unique features to set it apart from other establishments.  I think its great for a beginner's "let's go fancy one once" kind of meal, but flat if you're a veteran to dining out.
The arrogant bartender with the Irish brogue needs an infusion of professionalism! While my Fazzoletti with shredded veal and fontina with truffle emulsion was excellent (by the way, I'd never heard of this type of pasta; it's thin and flat, approx three inches square), the bartender could be overheard making snarky comments and telling patrons his Director was stupid.  He brought the place down and lessened the experience.. . He could learn a lot from Curtis at Circo!
I usually have a 4 start experience at Olives, but service and product execution left a lot to be desired on our latest trip. I was  put off by the cocktail list which has given in to the recent Vegas trend of sweet, large, and ingredient heavy drinks that are more about style than substance. My husband's  "rare" steak came out mid-well- a major disappointment for an avowed carnivore. The other meals were fine, though not rave-worthy. Most frustrating was the completely incompetent service that left our glasses empty and orders untaken for entirely too long; the awkwardness when she would actually make it to our table was painful. All this being said, the atmosphere is inviting and the view of the Bellagio fountains is lovely. I used to say that Olives was an affordable upscale option in Vegas with 4 star food; I now consider it and affordable option with 4 star ambiance, but with 3 start food and 2 star service.
The negative: I made a reservation weeks in advance and asked to be seated by the Fountains. Apparently, they don't take reservations for that even though they give you a box on their online reservation form for requests. Go figure! When we were shown to our seat the hostess was very rude when I asked if there was something by the fountains. I didn't like the setup of the tables inside. We had a table along the wall that had the bench seat on one side and chairs on the other. The bench cushions sunk in, which made eating sort of difficult and the table next to us was pretty close. I think that makes for a somewhat uncomfortable dinning experience. . . The positive: The food is wonderful! My steak was cooked to perfection. The wine list was great. The service was good too. Nelson, our server, was on top of everything. I always like a restaurant that keeps my water glass full and fresh.
We have been going to Olives for years. Nice spot to watch the fountains. Restaurant could use an update. We stopped in for drinks and an appetizer. Menu choices were ok.
Went there for dinner with business colleagues from out of town. It was hit and miss.
My girlfiriend and I visited this restaurant for lunch while we were in town for a few days. It was convenient for us as we were staying at the Bellagio. When we first reviewed the menu, we were excited  about the options and quickly made a reservation. . . Our server was very personable and didn't hesitate to suggest cocktails and "best" food options. Our drinks were well balanced and tasted great, our meal not so much. We were not impressed by either dish and we both agreed that this was a place that was mediocre and we can "check off the list".
It has been some time since I've been here. Went here with my boss and a colleague. We were seated immediately, but the couple who approached the podium ahead of us was turned away by the hostess who claimed all the tables were reserved and were no available seats at the bar. This was very questionable. . . The food was fine, the decor pleasant. It was unfortunate that the hostess set the mood of pretentiousness and slightly soured the evening.
I had no idea what to expect of the restaurant prior to actually going there other than the short blurb about it in our room. We went on a busy Friday night and got in without a wait. The bread guy gets an A+. The sweet bread with olive spread was great. The waiter was ok, I tried to order my flat bread without lamb and for some reason hewasnt having it. It was kind of a weird soup nazi moment about lamb., I was confused. The waiter gets a C for his lamb weirdness. The bartender doesnt have much skill other than pouring stuff for drunk frat guys. I ordered a good Anejo tequila and he threw a lime in it with a sword stuffed through it???
We made a reservation through our casino host, hoping to pull some strings and snag one of the coveted outside tables near the fountain.  No such luck; all the fountain-view tables are wait-list only, meaning, you show up for your reservation and just wait.  Our reservation was for 9:30, and they informed us upon arrival that since it was so late, and they already had a long wait list for outside, there was no chance we were getting one.  Bummer!  I thought our chance might be better with a late reservation, so heed my warning.  We did get a decent booth with a view of the water.  I like that this restaurant has a casual dress code, but maybe they go a bit too far; the guy at the next table was attired in a wife-beater and shorts (9:30 on a Sunday night).  The bread was yummy, and more like a dessert - white chocolate walnut rolls!  We shared a shrimp scampi flatbread and it was too heavy/creamy so we just picked off the shrimp.  For my main I had the Chilean Seabass - this was incredible!  I loved the whole dish, and the portion was huge.  DH had the Ribeye and enjoyed it.  For dessert we had cookies and ice cream - yum :)  We also ordered the Falling Out cake, but it was too liquidy and rich, with too little ice cream (one tiny scoop) to accompany it, so we ended up not really eating it.  Overall, the restaurant was just okay.  Although the seabass was delicious, I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, especially without a fountain view.  The tables are too crowded together; we got lucky with the booth, but most of the tables are lined up with inches between them.  There are too many other good places to eat in Vegas for the $$$.
I would go there just for the beef capriccio. There plates are huge! so you definitely can share. the flatbread pizza it was just okay and the roast beef sandwich was about the same. waiter was slow to take our order multiply times. But if you like capriccio go there.
Average food at Vegas prices. There are much better places to eat at the Bellagio, not to mention other Casinos. . . Food: Large portions, average quality. Decor: Too Dark. Service: Good, but ran out of blue moon beer. How's that possible? lol. Conclusion: Unlikely to return
We skipped lunch and had a late afternoon snack here.  It was pretty tasty, service was great, prices were on the higher side.  Like most of this trip tomVegas, it was just so so.
This is a highly rated fine dining establishment. I decided to come here for lunch since prices can be a bit high for dinner and I had been wanting to try this place out for years now ever since I was in high school! . . Well, it was pretty busy that day, but luckily, we were seated next to the windows to get a good view of the Bellagio fountains. Our waiter was really friendly and had given us what he thought were the best choices for our meals. . . The bread basket had a nice assortment and there a black and green olive dip onthe side for them. I'm a bread and butter kind of gal so it wasn't really to my taste. . . I chose the Dungeness crab salad for our appetizer and it was absolutely delightful! I shared it with my date and he loved it too. We both ordered the chicken for our meals and it was a bit dry. It came with green beans and I really didn't like that at all. I would've preferred asparagus, spinach, or broccoli. Definitely not green beans. . . The bill was really expensive. We didn't even order cocktails and it was close to $100. Way too much for our meal.
We had reservations for a Friday night for a party of 5 at 10pm.  We showed up extra early to request a table on the patio and said we did not mind a long wait to get a table on the patio.  We were told that we could  not get one and were seated inside close to our reservation time.  As we walked by the patio I saw several open tables and was wondering about them but did not say anything other than asking the  person who sat us to let us know if anything opened on the patio as we  would really like to be out there..  Since it was my mother-in-laws bday weekend I decided to go ask the hostess again if when we got to dessert we could possible be seated outside and walked in on the hostess offer a party of 6  a table outside!  What?  This was  very disappointing and made no sense since we had said we would wait as long as needed for a table outside.  I gave her a look and just said "can you please try to move us outside for dessert" and she said yes.. she definitely knew she had been caught giving a party basically the same size as ours a table outside.  I know they say they do not guarantee tables outside but it seems that even if you want a table outside they will try their best to sit you inside.. . Focaccia bread and white chocolate bread (similar to a Brioche) with a green olive tapenade and black olive tapenade - 4 stars.  This bread was very good!. . Fig and Prosciutto flat bread - 5 stars! this dish was delicious!  Layers of prosciutto, creamy Gorgonzola, sweet figs, balsamic marinated onions and some sort of chive!  Yummy!. . Ricotta Ravioli without Sausage - 3 stars The ravioli were extremely tender with a creamy light ricotta filling.  I think this dish need the sausage though!  This will teach me not to mess with a chefs flavor combinations!  This dish would probably be 4-5 stars with the sausage.. . Tiffany cocktail - 3 stars. Very sweet. Strong flavor of raspberry!. . Warm bread pudding with white chocolate, caramelized pears, cranberry and Caramel ice cream. - 3 stars.  This was not a true bread pudding.  I am always disappointed when I order bread pudding and get something that really does not resemble it.  I would not order this again.. . I would give it 3.5 stars for the awesome flat bread and wonderful view of the fountains.
Lunch was pretty good but not awesome.  The beef carpaccio was the best thing we had.  Crab stuffed shrimp was nice but the po' boy was just so-so.  Our real complaint was the $50 corkage fee.  Ridiculous!
I brought my wife and kid here for Mother's Day. I've been to Olives two or three other times and either I'm getting more difficult to please or their food is going downhill because we left a little disappointed. There are still some good items on the menu like the butternut tortelli. Fresh pasta is always amazing and top it off with a wonderfully rich sauce and you'll swear off those crappy Italian chain restaurants for good. Don't forget that you can order half portions of their pastas if you'd like to sample several dishes.. . The disappointment started with the beef carpaccio. The serving size is so ridiculously large that it looks unappetizing. There's a huge softball-sized mound under the center of the beef full of greens. The dish is also drowning in sauces that dominate in flavor and all of that wonderful beef flavor is lost. There's just too much going on. The dish is large enough for 4-6 people.. . The next disappointment was the ribeye special. The overcooked and bland steak had all the appeal of a choice cut, $2.99 special from your local grocer. They really should have been ashamed of serving that dish. It was one of the worst steaks I've had in a long time.. . On a positive note, the view from the patio is gorgeous! If you can get a seat out there you'll be treated to the Bellagio fountains and one of the better views in the city. It can get really hot out there so go early when dining for lunch or late when dining for dinner. The atmosphere, service, and pasta saved this lunch from being a awful but I'm not sure if I'd bother coming back.
Good food and service but wanted a nice dinner. in a restaurant where I feel like I'm eating with the people next to me we are so close, I didn't enjoy the atmosphere as we couldn't even hear our ownconversation. Pretty to see the fountains but if I'm gonna pay that kind of money, I want the matching ambiance not the feeling of being packed in for monetary ends
The food is good, not great and the view is amazing. I've been here twice and both times thought the staff was not that friendly but they do a good job.  The ladies at the host station aren't very welcoming and when I tried to get a reservation for my group of seven last night they acted like I was stupid and inconveniencing them. Gave me a bad feeling and I probably won't go back but overall it's a good place to eat if you want an amazing view.
My husband & I choose this place for one of our dinners while on a weekend trip to Las Vegas to celebrate our anniversary. Made our reservations in advance via Yelp. Honestly, it was mostly for the terrace view of the fountains. I'd been here years ago with my sister for a birthday for lunch & had recalled the view. We were not disappointed, we got a great table.  So for the view I would have given the restaurant 5 stars, but.... . We shared the grilled squid & octopus appetizer which was tasty & the seafood was cooked very well, but it consisted mostly of chickpeas! Almost should have called it a chickpea appetizer.   For our main dishes we shared a fiery sausage flat bread & sea scallops.  The flat bread pizza, although good, was not what we expected from the "fiery" description. Sausage was quite bland, but carmelized onions & herbed cheese was good. Now the scallops were delicious!  They were cooked perfectly & very yummy. So overall I'd have given Olive's for the view & the food 4 stars, but... . Servers were all very nice, but we did seem to have an issue with getting our main entrees.  I know this is a kitchen issue & not our waitresses fault.  People all around us were served & were eating yet we weren't until my husband asked about our meal.  Since we didn't order anything that seemed extremely complex, why did it take longer?  So taking view, food & service into consideration, I could only come up with 3 stars for the whole experience. . . We'd still go again, though!  Those fountains are pretty cool!!
Nothing super exciting. To start we ordered the Pina colada martini that was on special but the consistency was way too thick. More like desert than a drink, would not recommend. For food we had the mushroom flatbread, tempura green beans, and shared the salmon entree. The salmon was great....everything else forgettable.
It pains me to write a mediocre review for Olives. The balcony seats are beautiful and my wife and I fell in love with Vegas because of our experience the the first time we dined at olives. . . Unfortunately our second visit did not live up and I'm sad to say that we will probably not be returning to this location. The view does not make up for all of its shortcomings. Let me start with the strong points - view, service, cocktails, and wine list. The food and moderately rude hostess are what don't hold up. . -Chilled avocado soup: very bland and uneventful. -gazpacho: good... Nice spice but not really any other dimension. -lobster wrap pasta: quite good, but at $45 it's really just average. - prime filet: slightly overlooked and slightly dry and the sauce was blocked (and soaked up) by the potatoes. Plus you get what tastes to be a frozen crab cake plopped on the side of your plate that tasted a bit funky.. . Unfortunately, this is when we gave up on this restaurant. I had half my plate thrown away, had our $150 bottle of wine corked, and disenchantingly requested our check. I mentioned some of the meals shortcomings to the waiter the end of the meal (my mistake for waiting) and made it clear I was not looking for discounts... I just wanted to pass on the feedback since it was a family favorite and we had such great memories from our first time here. Unfortunately I don't think the feedback was understood (probably just pegged us as a young couple that doesn't know what good dining really is), but the waiter did graciously reduce the bill (slightly). . This was our last meal for our Vegas trip and unfortunately it was the worst. I'm left frustrated that I still don't have a proper steak to pair with the beautiful wine that remains on my counter
Pretty scenery, sat outside to watch the fountains but it was hot and humid! Service was not up to par with other Bellagio restaurants, pretty slow. Had to remind them to refill waters several times, and waited an hour for our lunch to be served!
The food was pretty good. The service was not so good.. . Sit outside for sure, if you are there when its warm enough. It is a great view of the Bellagio fountain show that goes every 15 minutes at night.. . We had a reservation around 8pm. We decided that we wanted to sit outside, so we put our names in and were told to come back in about an hour. (It was about 90 degrees outside, in the middle of August, but it was bearable.). . Super slow service.. . They give you an iPad to view the drink menu, and it was super tricky to navigate. It's kind of a cool idea, but wasn't working well.. . Fun experience but won't be going back.
I was super excited about eating here! I have heard nothing but good things about this place.... . . My girlfriends and I went here for a fancy dinner and i knew the prices were going to be pricey, but I don't mind paying a lot as long as the food is worth it and good.. . I got:. -Beef carpaccio: This thing is huge and really good. It was actually my first time trying beef carpaccio so I don't really have anywhere else to compare to, but it was good!. -Scallops: Our waiter recommended this dish so I got it. The scallops were very fishy smelling and tasting. So i did not like it too much.. . I was not super wow'd by anything. I sampled all my gf's dishes and some were better than others. I am glad I tried this place though. We were seated at the table with an excellent view of the Bellagio water fountain thing and service was good.
This is one of those reviews where you wish Yelp allowed for half star ratings as I would give Olives 3 1/2 stars if I could.  The whole dinning experience was hit and miss.. . I liked how they let you use the iPad to review the wine menu, a nice touch.  I also liked the restaurants nice ambience and quieter noise level then so many of the locations on the strip.. . We had requested a view of the water show via our OpenTable reservation request but did not receive such a view.  We were advised that would require an additional wait time, no thanks.. . Our server while nice and observant, he also made me feel rushed as if he was more focused on quickly turning the table.. . Getting back to the wine, the first bottle we ordered did not taste right, the wine steward while willing to replace it was also willing to point out that the bottle we felt did not taste right was fine, aka we made a bad choice in selecting.... . Anyways, we ordered the calamari and octopus appetizer.  I liked how it was grilled versus fried.  The flavor was good albeit a bit salty.. . For entrees we ordered scallops and the halibut.  Sadly the scallops were undercooked and the sauce on it was very salty.  I was too tired and hungry to send the scallops back, so I called it sashimi and kept eating.  The halibut was good with a nice light taste.. . For dessert we enjoyed the chocolate souffle and it had a nice flavor.. . Clearly this restaurant is in a prime location and can rely on that to get customers.  But for the price point the hit and miss evening really should have included more hits!
Not sure what all the fuss is about. It's a medium priced for Las Vegas and very noisy dinning establishment. So loud you can't talk to the people across the table from you. My sea bass was good but not wonderful. Cold in the middle but never could get the servers attention. There was a corn pudding that was cold and smeared on the plate as what appeared to be an afterthought.  My husband said his steak was good but not wonderful. They do give you a nice basket of bread and olive spreads before. With all the restaurants in Las Vegas this is not a hit. It's like a celebrity chef gave it his name and went away and said who cares
Had lunch here with co-workers. Good ambiance, but the food was just OK. I had the crab stuffed shrimp which weren't bad but nothing to write home about. Service was also on the mediocre side. However, the flatbreads looked pretty good, though I didn't try them....
Picked Olives based on the reviews and with the hopes of sitting on the patio/balcony, but it was full since it's a popular place to sit given the fountain view. So we sat inside, which was still nice. Our server was nice as well. This restaurant serves nice bread with assorted olives and olive tapenade. I ordered beef carpaccio, my mom ordered the crab stuffed prawns, and my sister ordered the Greek salad. Everything was good, but it wasn't amazing. Also, the prices were a bit higher than they should have been. For dessert we ordered the chocolate fallen cake (their most popular dessert), which was similar to a souffle cake. Again, it was good but not amazing. Overall, that was my experience.. Good but not amazing. If I go again, it would be for the balcony view and some drinks. Would rate Olives 3.5/5.
I came here with a large group of people for a leisurely lunch, and this place just hit the spot.  I opted for the Greek Style Romaine Salad without the feta phyllo triangle, and despite being simple, it was a great meal.  The oregano vinaigrette was spot on.  We also ordered hummus for the table, and a couple dabs of that on my salad really took it up a notch.  Between that and the complimentary olives on the table, I left well fed and happy.. . While I probably wouldn't ever suggest we eat here (the modified salad was one of my only options as a vegan), I certainly wouldn't object to coming along if others wanted to go.
Went to dinner here on Saturday night. We had a reservation, but we still had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated. . . We were sat outside, which is great real estate because this place overlooks the fountains. However, it's also December. We are local and we've seen it. I would have gladly given up my view of the Bellagio fountains to not sit in 45 degree weather. I just found it odd that we were sat outside and not asked if this was okay with us. Again, it's cold outside and plenty of spots were available inside.. . Their drink menu is on an iPad which is kind of a hassle. Their "cocktail" section is only martinis save for one drink. Unless I just couldn't figure out the program, seems like their mixed drink menu could use some more selection. Not everyone wants a martini with 3 tbsp of alcohol in it for $16 or a $300 bottle of wine.. . We were brought a bread basket and poured water pretty quickly after being sat... And then we waited, and waited, and waited some more. We easily sat there for 15 minutes watching our waiter whirl around the other tables and not even stop by to introduce herself as our server. I started to think that we were supposed to use the iPad to order like you are expected to do with the alcohol.. . Eventually the waitress came over and from there on, the service was fine. The food was good but the menu is small and limited.. . WARNING: when sitting on the terrace at night, expect to be caught in the middle of a constant traffic flow of inconsiderate people coming outside to take pictures, stand RIGHT OVER your table to watch the fountain show, and other rude BS you shouldn't have to deal with when paying at least $100 for dinner.. . BIGGER WARNING: Someone comes around to take your picture and it costs $70.00 for two pictures in a Bellagio souvenir photo booklet. Don't get guilted in to buying the photos because they know you can afford it. Just say no before they even take the picture and avoid the awkward sales pitch at the end of your meal.
The view from the balcony is fantastic at night but the food was only average. You expect  more for the price. . They used to have califlower puree as a side but no more. The service was also only average.
