Despite my not so good experience with MGM Grand itself, I was told fantastic things about The Signature so I figured ... suck it up and give it a try.. . Obviously, I should have taken note and lessons learned from my first experience. . . I got an incredibly good rate for Signature and thought to myself, great! I can stay at a quieter, off the strip a little place that's luxurious and nice and spend a romantic weekend in Vegas (I know I know ... romantic?!?! ...). I go to check in and they can't find my reservation.. . I pull up my confirmation letter, which I was prepared with, and the manager looks at it and tells me that my reservation doesn't exist. He doesn't apologize, doesn't say it's lost, he plain fricken just says it doesn't exist. Ok... either way, I'm already here, I drove here, I'm not going to go back, so can they book me a room?. . Sure, at full price! What?! Really? Seriously?. . Wonderful. Just what I needed. After many, many agonizing minutes of trying to find some upper management, I finally get a more reasonable rate (not my super deal price though) for a stay and the whole check in took over an hour. . . I had to reiterate my thoughts on MGM, no matter how nice the place is, how luxurious, how comfortable the bed, this place doesn't leave you happy and that's the worst star rating in my book.
Whenever I go to Vegas, I look at websites like Hotels.com or Hotwire.com for the best deals.  Luckily, Hotwire gave me a great deal on the Signature, even though it was New Year's weekend.. . Now, I usually only ever book at 4-star hotels and above, so this was perfect.  Having never stayed here before, I was excited to see all the great reviews and was really expecting to get a lot from this place.. . Pros:. - within walking distance of the Strip. - huge rooms and bathrooms. - accessible to some of the best restaurants on the Strip. - fast and friendly service. . Cons:. Only two.... - walkway to get from the further tower from the strip through the MGM and onto Las Vegas Blvd is a hike!. - This lady has been to the Trump Hotel before, and for the price, we should have stayed at the Trump!. . Good review all-around on the hotel, but there are definitely better, newer, (and cheaper) places to stay!
I should probably preface this review by saying we usually stay at Wynn and so maybe it spoils you for other hotels. . . In a nutshell - it was fine, nothing special, not memorable but perfectly functional. . . I was attending a conference at MGM so paid the extra $$ to stay at the Signature over the main MGM hotel. Stayed in tower 1 which was closest to the MGM and has a Starbucks which seems to make a lot of people happy. . . Check in was super-speedy and the front desk staff were super friendly and helpful. . Room was fine - carpet and sofa were a little tired looking with the odd dirt mark. My TV wouldn't turn off, I called down and they reset it pretty quickly. . . Bathroom had potential to be great but again - a little tired. Jacuzzi tub had those plastic jets which have slightly discolored and fill me with fear of being filled with someone else's dead skin cells. Tiles in the shower had discolored grout. La Firma (?) toiletires were good. Separate toilet which is always nice. . . I wanted to order some bottles of wine for a get together of friends from room service - not many listed in the room service menu. I called and asked for them to give me a couple of suggestions and the person on the phone was pretty reluctant "there's a prosecco for $44". Was like pulling teeth to get other options and pricing. . . The Deli in tower 2 is pretty good. It's not a bad walk to the MGM - a couple of moving walkways. I'd say it's 5 minutes to the walkway part of MGM with all of the restaurants and maybe 15 minutes walk to Studio 54 in the far corner of MGM. . . I booked through expedia so room was paid for. Had to pay additional $20 per day for "resort fees" - basically super slow wifi and a couple of bottles of water a day. . . I'd stay again only if I needed to be in the MGM. Otherwise Wynn, Encore, Palazzo or Bellagio would be my choice
The one bedroom suite is approx 900 square feet and is very comfortably for 3-4 ppl. I ended up on the couch pull out bed. As weird as it is, it is one of the most comfortable couch beds I've ever slept on. . . Comes with a full kitchen with all necessary utensils. The hotel is decorated well and definitely feels upscale. The pricing I got from jetsetter and have to say that there is great VALUE in this hotel. It is a condoturned hotel and you kind of get that feel when you get to your room. Having 2 bathrooms for a 1 bedroom unit is something you would see in a condo not so much a hotel, but it came in real handy and speeds up getting ready to go out!. . Its much more quiet and feels like some sort of resort in Hawaii or something. Then you step foot off the property head towards the strip and you're in crazy Vegas again. The connecting walkway to MGM is not as bad as it seems, using the moving walkways it takes anywhere from 5-10 minutes depending how fast you walk. . . The amenities include a nice fitness center, pool, small deli place, and starbucks. The only draw back was trying to make changes to the room, as mentioned in previous reviews. I had to call Luxury Suites to get a room change. (This was very inconvenient as my brother was in the bathroom when another party entered the room!). . . Overall, this hotel offered great value and was comfortable minus the random incident.
I stay at the signature a lot as I travel to Vegas on business.  Because I'm a frequent guest, I get a great rate through a third party booking agent (Luxury Suites International). . I go back to the Signature week after week because the rooms are beautiful and spacious, especially when you get a balcony.. . Some things to know:. - You're just off the strip, but it is a bit of a walk to get there.. - I really like the gym there.  Very well appointed with plenty of good machines, and extras like headphones, current magazines,  chilled towels.. - The one restaurant (The Lounge), and room service are very good, but pricey.. - There is a cafe and a starbucks available, but they're not open late.  . - I've had a lot of trouble with LSI over the past weeks when it came to making my reservations.  They have regular business hours only, and don't handle changes well.  I've walked into unmade up rooms (from the prior guest) three times in my 11 weeks or so of staying there.   They've also messed up my reservation a few times.  But, once you get them on the phone, they're very nice, and do work to fix any problems.. - The Signature staff are very professional and friendly.. - The valet, which is the only parking option, is sometimes very slow.  I have to give myself 10 - 15 minutes in the morning to get my car.. - There is a resort fee of something like $15 a night for internet, gym, etc.  This makes what seems like a great deal more like a moderate deal.. . . On the occasions when LSI screwed up, and I booked onsite with MGM, they were fantastic.  I give them 4 1/2 stars - (5 if parking were easier).
This hotel is located on the backside of the strip behind MGM Grand. Not an ideal location. However, the rooms are decent. Our room had one king, one queen pull out sofa, fridge, countertop stove, tv in the restroom and a nice big jet jacuzzi tub. The three small pools are nothing special. I heard the MGM pool was nice, but it was too much of a hike to get to. Probably would not stay here again.
Mixed feelings about this place. I LOVED the property. The room was amazing and the price is good, but don't forget the $22 per night resort fees. That makes the "free" internet and parking not so free. . . The service was terrible. Room service forgot to do our room and checkout took 45 minutes - neither the bell desk or front desk answered the phone for over 15 minutes the morning we checked out. One girl at the front desk, and she was not very well trained. . . If this place had better management it could be a home run.
I have mixed feelings about the Signature.  The first time I stayed there I absolutely loved it. The bed is extremely comfortable and the bathroom is a girl's dream come true.  The second stay (a year later), the front desk service was so-so. We were told we had to wait an extra 3 hours before we could check into our room.  The fridge had a bad odor (like old bologna). There's also an issue with their sidewalks, extremely slippery when it rains.  Three of us all slipped from the cab to the lobby since cabs drop you off about 100ft away from the door late at night.
When organizing a bachelorette party where the group of girls are at different places in their lives,it's difficult to find a hotel that can meet the needs of everyone.  MGM Signature fit the bill for our group.  It was clean and nice enough for us, yet it was affordable as well.  We had a group of 8 girls in a "2-bedroom suite" over the weekend.  I admit, I was VERY skeptical about sharing bathrooms and beds with 7 other girls, but it all turned out very well in the end.  . . The 2-bedroom suite is actually a 1-bedroom and a junior suite that is connected.  The 1-bedroom has a separate sleeping area and a large full bathroom.  In the living area, there is a half bath (shower) so that was a relief.  3 bathrooms for 8 girls!  The junior suite looked like a regular hotel room with a bed and a sofa.  Both rooms had a queen-sized pull out sofa.  So tally that up.  1 king, 1 queen, 2 queen sofa beds, 2 full baths, 1 half bath.  It also came with a half kitchen and full sized kitchen.  Whenever I travel, I feel unhealthy from eating out so much.  It was nice going off the strip and buying groceries and drinks and being able to eat in our hotel room.  Parking is also free at the MGM Signature.  To self park, it's a pain.  You have to park all the way at MGM and walk over.  Not worth it.  Just valet.  . . Hotel staff was also great overall.  I think this hotel is a great alternative to places like Paris, Treasure Island, etc. when you have a large group.
The Signature at the MGM was nice but be prepared for major security. We had 12 in our group and those that did not have a name on one of the reservations could not get thru the front gate. They had to be dropped off or valet the the main entrance of the MGM and then make the 15 min walk back thru the hotel to the signature towers. The Sig towers are however very close to the pool and food options in the MGM. . . The place was built as condos so the rooms all have kitchens or kitchenettes which was really nice. Its always good to have somewhere to store the booze, redbull and the occasional water. The Starbucks was super close to the room too which is always a plus.. . I probably wouldn't stay here again but only because I prefer to be closer to the action. If you are looking for a slightly more relaxing trip to vegas then this is the place for you.
First of all I want to thank my friend's aunt for a paid trip for our birthdays in Vegas!! The Signature is a great getaway from all the smoking, casino gameplay and crazy people.. . Walking into our Junior Suite was exciting! Didn't know what to expect.. . Pros:. -Gated community, felt like I was entering to get into a mansion.. -Awesome kitchen, but didn't have food to cook with :(. -Bedroom has a cool tv that rises upward from its stand!. -HUGE bathroom with a jacuzzi...didn't get to use it though.. -Props to the person at the front desk at 3am one drunk night who helped me find my exact room number I was in because I forgot!!. -Just plain classy!. . Cons:. -Not too fond of the view from the patio. Saw the airport and lots of empty space. No view of the Strip :(. -Takes a little longer than usual to come back to the hotel by foot because it's a bit off the Strip. Good thing I didn't get run over by cars on my way back.
If it's your first time to Vegas, I wouldn't recommend this place as it doesn't have gaming.. Lobby pretty boring. Took shuttle from airport, arrived in 10 minutes. -We were able to get early check in, which was really nice. Only waited about 10 minutes to check in , as many people were checking out at the time. There are 3 towers, we were in tower 1. The lobby isn't anything to write home about. The room we got was a junior suite, first impression, Rug looked filthy. Second impression where the hell is that noise coming from?/ Looked out the window (3rd) impression OMG make sure I do not even think I get into the Wet Republic Pool... hundreds of people in it with no where to go (PEE-POOL with alot of drunks). - I did manage to squeeze in a facial at the MGM SPA which was Nice, but still not overly impressed. - - I guess the good thing is that there was a microwave, but considering we didn't have any snacks it didn't really matter. Bed was comfortable. - Nice but the Not GREAT.
Stayed here through an Ideeli promotion. The exterior is blah, with the obvious focus on the interior and fashionable accessories. The room was very nice, complete with common suite amenities. Check in took a bit longer, the room was being cleaned. So when they say 3pm check in ...its pretty accurate. The valet's are pretty demanding about the tip, even though valet is mandatory. The walk is pretty rugged especially if you plan on drinking.
The boyfriend and I came here for 5 days as his 21st birthday celebration, a treat from his relatives who owns one of the penthouses. I was impressed with the room and what it came with: 2 full bathrooms, one with a jacuzzi and tv and has a section that is catered to everything a woman needs. Great quality in the soap and other amenities which is very great.. I like how this is a place that is a getaway from a getaway - you're in Vegas but you're separated from the bustling noise if you are trying to get some rest. It's great that the monorail is connected to the MGM as a stop and that there is a tunnel/walkway which connects the Signature with the actual casino, granted that its a good 5 minute walk from tower 2.... Now that I've sang the praises...here is what I didn't like about them.. 1) water - some of the complimentary water bottles we got tasted like someone infused fragrance in them. Like the lotion or shampoo or something. It was funky and gross.. 2) room service - breakfast was great but one night we decided to get some pasta. Bad. Idea. Absolutely the most disgusting meal I have ever had. First of all, I was asked how many people would be dining with me and I said it would be two. They only brought one set of cutlery.. 3) Wi-Fi - very spotty connection, then again we were on the 33rd floor.... Anyway, I would stay away in the future.
I arrived at the hotel around 9am on Sunday, and despite their check-in time of 3pm, they accommodated my early arrival. I left my phone number with the front desk and wandered around the shops and the MGM Grand for about an hour before they gave me a "penthouse" suite on the 33rd floor, in the tower that I requested, since I had friends staying there as well. I say "penthouse" because it's not actually nicer than any of the other suites. My friend's room was on the 3rd floor and was exactly the same as mine, but our room was marked penthouse probably because it had a great view of the strip and the whole city.. . It's a very clean hotel with an indoor walkway to the other towers and to the MGM Grand, and tastefully decorated.. . The reason I am giving it 3 stars instead of 5 is because of the valet service. They don't allow self-parking there - you have to self-park at MGM and walk all the way through both hotels, which is about a 10-15 minute walk. However, that 10-15 minute walk is faster than the wait to get your vehicle. . . I originally thought it was really cool that I could call down to the valet desk to request my vehicle before I left my room so that it would be ready when I got down there, but no one ever actually picks up the phone at the valet desk, so the call gets transferred to the front desk, which is also a particularly long wait (longest I've ever experienced to speak to the front desk at a hotel). So the first time I called, I waited on hold for probably 10-15 minutes before I gave up and headed down to the lobby. There I waited another 15-20 minutes, and after having asked me for a description of my vehicle twice, I finally got it. The second time I tried calling the valet desk, and was informed (by the front desk) that valet was not taking requests due to availalibility. Not quite sure what the point is, then. The other times, I went straight downstairs and waited probably 15-20 minutes each time.. . My final time at the valet, I specifically asked if it was going to be a long wait. The runner informed me that it would be 5 minutes. I mentioned that every time I used the valet it took 15 minutes. His response? "Okay." Um, what? What kind of customer service is that? But wait... it gets better.. . The lady sitting on the next bench over was FUMING because they had essentially lost her vehicle (aka spent an HOUR looking for it while her two small children and mother (?) waited in the heat). They finally found it and tried to explain to her that it was because they had the wrong description for the vehicle. Shouldn't have mattered - there are assigned ticket numbers for a reason. When they finally found it, instead of apologizing, they just kept making excuses. . . The hotel itself was great, but their customer service could use a LOT of work.
I love staying at the signature even tho it's pretty far away from the strip and the trek to the MGM is pretty long. The service was great too! But the last time we stayed there the rooms did live up to what I remembered =/ One, the light fixtures in the kitchen was broken. Two, the bed wasn't as comfortable as I remembered. Three, I think there was bed bugs because when we woke up in the morning we had a couple of bites. And four, the something was wrong with the door it kept getting stuck when we open it. I know it is now considered an "older" hotel, but you still need to update.
I've been staying at The Signature since before all three towers were completed. For me, it was the ideal place to stay in Vegas. Since I'm usually there for work, the fact that there is no casino, no smoking, and no mile long walk to the elevators is a big plus. The chic rooms (some with balconies), kitchens, and a Starbucks made it my first choice. Unfortunately, I feel that it's lost a lot of it's luster. On my most recent stay, my room featured nicked and stained walls in the entry way, cockeyed lampshades and a coffee cup from the cabinet with a chunk of something on it. When the bellman brought the bags up, he had something close to a tantrum when I told him that half the bags were going to my friend's room on another floor, and after telling me that this was the handiwork of a specific desk agent, he stood and waited while I called my friend to ask her room number. . The food at the Starbucks and Delights restaurant have taken a turn for the common (in my opinion). Gone are the bagel and lox sandwich and the smoked salmon pizza. Instead, my breakfast at Delights this morning was given to me in a plastic container. . My biggest frustration comes from the closing of the driveway/lobby etc of towers one and three after a certain hour at night (I think it must be about 10 pm). Clearly a cost cutting move I find it very inconvenient, and though I would expect it in Des Moines, I wouldn't in a 24 hour city like Vegas.  . Lastly, on this visit the "voluptuous" fragrance piped into the lobby  was so extra strong this time, I could taste it while we were checking in.  . . The balance of the staff at The Signature is always pleasant and professional, but there has definitely been an overall change not necessarily for the best.
We had excellent, professional service, and a clean and comfortable room. It definitely feels a bit more dated than some of the other boutique hotels like Palm's Place, but still very nice. . . It is a pretty decent walk to actually get to the strip as you first need to travel between the various Signature towers, through the main hotel, and then finally through the casino; but really, at 4 am the walk is a breeze.
I'm not sure why this hotel has a 4 star rating?  My husband booked this hotel for us during the I heart radio music festival .    It is connected to MGM so very convenient location for the festival.  After reading reviews prior to our arrival, I was expecting a nice upscale hotel.  Truthfully, it's a very "average" hotel for sleeping only.  Most of the reviews I read are from younger folks in big groups for bach parties.  This hotel would be perfect for that.  Rooms are large with sleeper sofas.  It's clean and tidy but nothing exceptional.  Bathrooms are nice with large shower and separate tub.  It is nice that it's non smoking, but as soon as you cross through the door to MGM you get all smokey anyway!   You must go walk to MGM to experience any sort of entertainment: restaurants, shows, pool, shopping, etc., but everything at MGM is so subpar compared to the rest of Vegas.  The walk was not as bad as I expected- maybe 5 mins tops, def doable in heels, and they have a small bar set up along the way to keep your hands full.   The pools were completely shaded and didn't look like much fun, so we didn't visit.  We did notice more children than usual in Vegas for the short amount of time we spent walking from Signature to MGM.  All-in-all most of my gripes are about MGM so I'll go review them!  Signature certainly met our needs for the weekend, but we are spoiled to Encore!!
The hotel really is nice, but for the money?  I'd rather stay somewhere else.. . I'd echo everything Lidia G. said, her review was spot on.  Rooms are clean and spacious, jacuzzi tub was nice in the room (and a separate shower if you're not into the bath thing), and a little kitchen area was a nice feature.. . Lobby was also nice and the service was friendly, but be warned, the walk to the main casino is a bit of a trek.  But, if you're not into the MGM and want to check out the other hotels, its great that you've got your own private entrance with valet (we never had to wait more than a few minutes for our car).. . But as I said, for the price you can do nicer.  We also had to pay a $20 a day amenity fee.  Maybe I haven't noticed this at other hotels, but I thought that was "a cheap shot" by the hotel.  It was to cover things like the paper, internet in the room, etc.  Whatever, just give that to me in the price then and don't tell me you're nickel-and-diming me.
My friend booked his room here for a business trip he was attending and I came along for the ride. He was on the UP 38th floor. The view was breathtaking. I expected a little more for it to be a Upper Penthouse suite but it did have a nice set up. When I first got there the cable had to be re-set so we waited about 1/2 for the engineer. Other than that the spa tub is amazing I accidentally didn't wait to fill it all the way and water got everywhere then I accidentally put too many bubbles it was so much fun though. It came with a fully stocked kitchen and my favorite... Wine glasses and a wine opener. I was good times.... . The reason for the 3 stars is when I was checking out I checked out by phone and the girl said my card didn't go through. I was thinking how could that be?? Anyways come to find out she did it backwards. There should be a certain level of competence established before implying a guests card didn't go through. So that kind of turned me off but for the most part I would probably stay here again for the cost and the convenience.
Thinking back on when I stayed here, there's nothing special about this place..For what it is its nice, but There's not a lot to do here, and there's not a lot of staff.
Signature is an service apartment more than a hotel. Full equipped kitchen and with all the kitchenette even with the grinder!! The room is spacey but the design of the carpet make it looks dirty. . . The shower is the main draw back of Signature. I stayed on 19 floor and It is weak and cold, anyway not warm enough for me. The hotel management really need to look into this issue.. . Will I be back? Well, I probably said Yes!!!
We booked a 1 bedroom suite through Jetsetter, which is actually associated with Luxury Suites International, which owns several floors in the 3 towers of the Signature. Because it is owned separately, you cannot ask the front desk of Signature to do anything for you, like extend your checkout time, request supplies, etc. They'll give you the phone for LSI, which you then have to call during their business hours.. . Master bathroom: (mentioned first b/c it was the most impressive). The master bathroom was very spacious and well equipped (except no toothbrushes or toothpaste). Plenty of towels, there's like 6 sets of everything! Two sinks in the master bathroom, a glass shower, and a whirlpool tub with jets (watch your step, it's slippery when you get in!). There's a magnified and illuminated makeup mirror as well as a hairdryer. The shampoo, conditioner, gel, lotion, and bar soaps are all mango something or other. There's even a TV in the bathroom. The toilet has a separate door and it always smells a little stuffy in there.... . Our first night the shower took like 15 minutes to start producing hot water. I was not very happy. =P We didn't have that problem again the other nights.. . Master bedroom:. The master bedroom itself had a queen bed, a large desk with a TV that rises out of it when you turn it on, and 2 closets, one with a safe and ironing board/iron, and the other with just hangers. There's an iPod dock/alarm clock that says it doesn't work with iPhone but it does, albeit low quality sound.. . Living room:. The living room has a sofa bed that folds out into a fully made queen bed. There's extra pillows and blankets in one of the closets to throw on top of the already made bed. There's another TV in the living room, as well as a balcony facing the strip. Windows are metal-plated with a gold color.. . Second bathroom:. Smaller, has the glass shower, full sink and typical amenities expected of a hotel room.. . Kitchen:. Electric glass stovetop. Oven. Pots/pans/plates/bowls/utensils/cups/wine glasses/pans for baking. Coffee maker and coffee/tea . Full sink and dishwasher. Detergent, sponge, dishwasher detergent. Fridge/freezer. 2 complimentary bottles of water per day. . Wifi is spotty depending what floor and tower you're. 3G and cellphone service on AT&T also. Hardly worked at all for us in Tower 1 on the 18th floor. We thought it had to do with the metal coating of the windows, but our friends in Tower 2 on the 25th floor, also on AT&T, had no problems with their cellphone or wifi service.. . Tower 1 has a business center you can use to check in for your flight and print free boarding passes. One of the gyms is also located here. The pools are at Towers 2 & 3. Starbucks is in the walkway from Tower 1 to the connector to MGM Grand.. . The walk to MGM is about 5 minutes if you use the people movers (horizontal escalators). Once you actually get to the MGM, you still have to go through the food court/restaurants and casino before you get to the strip. I'd say it was like a 15 minute walk total? It feels like a long time, but hey, you'll need all the exercise you can get after pigging out at all the buffets! ;). . I do like that the hallways are very short so even if you're the room at the end of the hallway, it's not that far of a walk.. . Despite the inconvenience of getting to the Strip, I would stay here again, IF they improve their cellphone reception or at least wifi.
3.5 stars. The Signature is about a 10 minute walk away from MGM, and situated not exactly on the strip, but close to it. I don't really have any complaints about it. The place was clean, amenities were great (gym has fruit and water bottles), room service was great. The hotel room is apartment style -it comes with dishware, pullout couch, and a stove. My only complaints are the location (we had to cab a bit often) and the size of the room (a bit on the smaller size). . . Recommended if you're with a small party, or boyfriend/girlfriend. Not really recommended for a big party.
This is the 2nd time I've stayed here except this trip was for my bachelorette party.  My Maid of Honor booked a 2 bedroom penthouse suite for 8 of us girls.  CON - not all one area.  There are two bedrooms, 2 kitchens, 3 bathrooms, 2 living room areas, a king bed, queen bed and two fold out sofas.  In order to go over to the next bedroom, we had to go through the front doors (not adjoining rooms either).  PRO - staff was nice, our suite had 3 bathrooms which is always a plus with girls because we need mirror and counter space.  We're just a short walk away from MGM.  The staff was also nice bringing us room service far into the morning after the clubs.. . Good times, good times...
This place was a little too "grown up" to me. All-suite hotel (read: no casino, no smoking, no self-parking lot). I'm not the type of girl who likes having other people park her car, take up her bags, etc. But our group wanted to get a reasonably priced suite with a balcony. So, The Signature it was. . . Got the one bedroom balcony suite.. * Felt way roomier than Aria's one bedroom suite, for sure. . * Stocked kitchen (fridge, stove/oven, dishwasher, dishes, glasses, and cooking/ eating utensils.. * Two showers! Master bathroom has 3 sinks and 2 counters.. * Pull out sofa bed!. * Balcony did not have a great view and looks sad if you've ever been on balcony at the Cosmo. *shakes fist at Cosmo*. . I definitely did not miss the hi-tech remote controls for the curtains and light fixtures at Aria (I'm in Vegas and my brain is not at the highest of functioning), but felt awkward not being at the hotel (ahem, "resort", if you want to be fancy) with my kids or for a conference. Definitely not a party hotel. It's a place to getaway from the Strip. If you're into that. Even though you were fancy and clean, you were a bit too stuffy for me, Signature...I'll probably be seeing you when I reach my 30s.. . Sidenote: Delights Cafe in Tower 2 is the closest place for food...and thank god it's "cheap" for Vegas. You'll have to walk through the MGM Grand to get to a food court.
If you love the rowdiness of the Strip and plan on going there often, do NOT stay here. The Signature is great for people who love a calm and quiet atmosphere, or for families that can really make use of the kitchen (fully equipped with blender, stove, toaster, etc). But for our group that spent a lot of time on the Strip, this was hugely inconvenient. I read the reviews and knew it was going to be further, but I thought since when did a little walking hurt? No. Don't be naive like I was- the walk is LONG. It's about 15 minutes from tower 3 through MGM Grand's giant casino to the exit on the road.. . Everything else about the hotel was okay. The bed was very comfortable, but the toiletries and towels were budget. Sadly, we didn't get a chance to use the giant tub.
The room accommodations and the value at signature is 4-5 stars, however, I lowered it 3 stars because the parking situation sucks. Parking at the Signature is valet only, which is fine, but they seemingly didn't have the resources/staff to support it. . . To get into the signature you always need to pass security. This normally is okay, but at night there are tons of limos and taxi's picking people up and dropping people off. One night we waited 15-20 minutes just to get through security and drop off our car. Then on our way out, the staff almost made us miss our flight because it took them nearly 20 minutes to get our car. Personally, I wouldn't stay at the Signature again if I needed a car. . . Now if I didn't need a car, I'd happily stay here again. We stayed on the 38th floor of Tower 2 and absolutely loved it. The room was very sizable and upscale. Staff was friendly and very informative. . . Personally, I don't understand the comments about this hotel being too far from the strip. The signature isn't directly on the strip, but if you need to get to their quickly, don't walk through MGM. Just go outside, go down Harmon and it takes half the time as it would going through the hotels.
The room was fantastic.  But one thing everyone who stays here needs to know - You are NOWHERE close to the MGM Grand.  Calling it the Signature at MGM Grand is laughable, there are other casinos that are closer.  If you walk down to the casino floor and forgot something in your room you just wasted half your day.
If you get a good deal it's still just okay.  Aging in all areas.  If you can get it for under 500.00 for a three night stay then it's decent.
Despite the fact that I thoroughly enjoyed the actual hotel during our stay from June 25th-27th, today a woman plummeted to her death near the pool from her balcony on the 35th floor. We unfortunately had to see this from our room, which was on the 24th floor and next to the balcony where the person fell. It took the hotel a LONG time for them to cover the mangled body with an umbrella out of view. This tragedy has ruined our trip. Spirits are obviously down, and we're all shaken and feeling very saddened. My mother was 30 feet away outside having a cigarette when the person fell, and my boyfriend and I were in the pool about 10 minutes before this happened..... . I don't fault the Signature in this at all, however they wouldn't give us ANY explanation, which was obviously frustrating because there was a dead woman outside our room in full view. It ended up being a criminal case, so the silence makes sense, but it also seemed like they were just trying to cover it up so they wouldn't lose money. . . Whoever built these suites was a moron for putting in balconies on a 30+ story building in VEGAS-- a place where partying, over-drinking, losing money, rough-housing, etc. are synonymous with the city itself. Not a good combo. A lot of people seem to like the balconies, but I was in the pool 15 minutes before the person killed themselves, and I remember thinking, "I'm glad we don't have a balcony room... that's an accident waiting to happen." . . Obviously this woman took her own life, but if you intend to drink or are with children, request a room without a balcony as a practical tip.  . . The actual suites are amazing, and aside from this incident I'd recommend The Signature to anyone. Rooms come with a fully-operational kitchen, nice-sized mini-fridge, electric stovetop, comfortable King-sized beds, bathrooms with amazing showers and a huge jacuzzi tub & extremely helpful staff. The fitness center and pool are also amazing-- we originally went to the MGM Pool Area, but I actually prefer the pool area here at the Signature. It's quieter, more relaxing and the water is colder (considering it's 102 degrees outside, the temp. of the pool matters). I also like the classier vibe: no smoking and no gambling. The actual three towers are connected to MGM, so you can easily walk over via an air-conditioned passageway and get your fill of gambling and slots. I also REALLY liked the free wifi and the complimentary valet! So nice to not have to walk into a hot self-park garage to find your car and/or load in your stuff. . . It is a long walk to strip during the summer when the heat is this intense, BUT parking is free all around Vegas, so we've just drove to and from different hotels. Not a big deal for us. . . Enjoy your stay here, but be cautioned: This is not the first time a jumper has killed themselves at The Signature and it probably won't be the last. It ruined our trip and has created a traumatic imprint on my mind forever. . . :( Even though I loved the hotel, I won't be back.
Got a great deal through their website but when we got there the taxes and fees seemed ridiculous compared to the quoted price. Even for Vegas. Also, the promised free buffet at a choice of MGM properties seemed to no longer exist. Or our registration guy had no idea what it was or how to fix the computer glitch. Either way, he ignored my three requests to find out how we were going to make it happen. . . I don't eat buffet food anyway. . . We reserved a one bedroom suite and it was GREAT. Separate bedroom, huge balcony, two bathrooms and a kitchen. If they weren't so expensive, I would have bought one (I looked into it).. . Only a couple glitches... no late check out (even by half an hour) and the pool area is so slippery that they're gonna get themselves sued. I brought it up to the waitresses at the pool and they even told me that management knows about it yet does nothing. My husband fell on his back. Awesome. Good thing he was mostly unscathed... . . The walk to MGM is a lot faster then going out to the strip. Especially in 110 degree weather. . . Not sure if we'll be back... but if we do, it'll be the one bedroom suite.
Actually stayed at a local casino as I had some friends in town from the bay area and so we all stayed at the MGM Signature Hotel.. . 1.  Parking -  5 star - If you are local, they all have their own valet and parking. I did not find self parking, however, the valet was fine. Sometime it took a little bit of time to get the car, yet much faster than casino valet.  The valet jockeys were all nice. . . 2,  Bell Desk - 5 star - When you arrive, they assist you with your luggage. I noticed they were very busy yet the team was always there when you needed them.  We had rolling luggage, so we did not need them in the end, yet they were very helpful and attentive. . . 3.  Check In - 1 star - We checked in at about 3:30 pm on Friday.  Fridays on a summer month are still busy in Vegas.  My question is, why would they have a staff of two checking everyone in, allow a line of 10 to be created when they have check in computers for at least 6-7 staff?  Did not make sense.  One person in front of us had to be given water by the security as he looked like he was gonna pass out... This is Vegas.  It is Friday.  The impression of the hotel with only 12 people in line watching 2 people handle check in inefficiently is not a positive customer service event.. . 4.  Suites - 5 star - Absolutely fantastic.  Clean, luxurious, big, sophisticated.  This is not the Four Seasons, or Venetian or Bellagio, however, it is awesome in its own right.  Perhaps a simpler sophistication.. . 5.  Amenities - 3 star- Small Gift show for food and stuff. - Convenient  Starbucks - Not sure why they don't have more staff from 7 - 9:00 am when 30 people are in line. All of the towers in the MGM Grand go to the same starbucks, or attempt to.  So, line management for a resort should be considered. Not much else.. . 6.  Walk to facilities - 2 star - To get to the MGM Grand with all things a casino has to offer, dining, gambling, entertainment, you have to walk about 8 minutes.  While it is actually a decently quick walk inside tunnels and all, it is simply not good.  Late at night, it is limited as cleaning crews are cleaning. revelers are being boisterous and if your lady friends are in heels, well, that will not be fun at all.  Very convenient and inconvenient!. . I like this place and can recommend it. I would just warn many people the it is a great deal, just that it is not as convenient and properly managed like you would expect.
I got a Living Social-ish deal for The Signature. What I did not realize was, was that it was NOT with The Signature but some weird third party where I was 'renting' a privately owned condo from a group called "International Luxury Suites'. BE WARNED!. . This led to some annoyances like the fact that if we wanted more towels, we would have to call a separate number. And honestly, I am still going to judge this review as The Signature. If they allow people to purchase and rent out units in their facility, they need to have a standard. Our room felt like no one updated it in ages, as evident by some of the issues I detail below:. . -There were holes in the sheets!! (See pics). -Alarm clock was set to wrong time. -The hotel does not allow you to call down for valet to get your car - wait times were up to AN HOUR on Sunday. -Outdated room service menus (when we called for certain things, we found out we had a HALF YEAR OLD menu). -Can't go into pool past eight - can only stare at it longingly from your balcony. -Our room was fourth floor which did have a nice view of the pool, but also an ugly view of a giant parking lot. -No chairs on balcony. -No cable channels, just network. -I paid for a cabana and it took them a long time to open our mini fridge (note it was 104 degrees that day). . Pro- The woman was very friendly when I ordered room service . . Overall, I felt like this hotel was trying to be high end/classy, but it is not.
It's between a 3 and 4 a star...... . We had just gotten married and decided to wait on the big honeymoon - for our 'minimoon' we figured a quick getaway to Vegas was the right way to go.. . We didn't want to stay in a hotel with a smoky casino but we still wanted something fairly luxurious and semi on the strip.  This looked good for the price so we went with it.. . The good:. - The rooms are clean and nice.  There is plenty of room - large bathroom, sitting area, etc.. - No smoky casino - loved that we were close-ish to the strip but didn't have to deal with that. - Pool was simple but it fit the bill for what I wanted. - Can walk to MGM in walkway and access lots of great restaurants.. . The not so good:. - Checkin took forever - only one person.  We arrived at night the thursday before Labor Day weekend.  . - We mentioned that we were on our honeymoon, the guy behind the desk was terrible.  Even if no free perks, some people skills would be nice - a nice congratulations??  Instead, he told us about some limo we can pay for (what??) and then when we asked if there were upgrades, the option he gave us was pricey and had no information whatsoever.  When we got married and stayed @ the Westin the night of our wedding, they gave us champagne and strawberries.  Not necessary but it's a nice touch and very small.. - they put us in Tower 3, the furthest tower.  But the checkin was closed in that tower when we arrived, so we had to check in at Tower 1, and then walk all the way there.  I don't mind the walk but pretty inconvenient.. - since we were in Tower 3, we were pretty far.  It was good and bad - we were far from main MGM but then we could walk out to the street and walk up to the Strip.  It was just super hot ... . - For the brand I just expected a little better overall.
The Signature was the perfect choice for my friends and me. We got the one bedroom suite and as we walked in the room we knew it was going to be great.. . For first impressions they were great. Nice gate entrance gave it they great luxury feel and welcomed in with complimentary valet. We got all our bags taken up and since we got there early with our room ready to go, they gave us a free early check-in. The lobby is very clean and all the 3 towers + the MGM is connected together with walk ways. The walk is NOT long at all. I saw reviews on hotel booking sites where people just kept complaining about it but it took no more than 5 mins to get to the MGM.. . The entire experience was great except for some minor flaws. The TV in the bedroom wasn't fulling coming up, so I called maintenance and they immediately came up to fix it. Also the safe was still closed from the previous guest so security had to come pop that open. The rest of the trip was great until day of check out where the water in our tower wasn't working. They said we had to go all the way to tower 3 and use the spa which everyone in the tower was already doing. I was hoping for some type reimbursement (maybe no resort fee), but nothing was given even with all the problems. Wouldn't of been such a big deal but we had some really smelly people after a night of clubbing and we couldn't shower.. . I would've given it 4 stars if not for all the issues
I really enjoyed staying at the Signature.  I found the place was in desperate need of some refurbishing on my floor, but I had a lower floor so I can see if they put more money for the people who spent more.  I would love to come back with my family now that I see how nicely their suites are put together.  If you want a place a little further off from all the action, this is not a bad place.  If you want to be directly on the strip, you may want to look elsewhere.
About 3.5 star. . Hear me out. My gf booked us a room that was meant to fit 10 of us, but in the end 2 dropped out and it came that we were to split among 8 people. The price was close to $300 per night which was pretty OK for 8 people. BUT I just didn't like how small it was. I actually felt very cramped and claustrophobic. However, I don't think this should be blamed on the hotel as to the amount of people jammed packed into a "suite". The suite was meant for 1-2 couples max I suppose, so I did not get the experience I was meant to have. It really isn't all MGM's fault as to the arrangement of this stay.  There was one big bedroom with a huge bathroom consisting of a shower and jacuzzi. Another smaller bathroom was outside near the kitchen. The living room had a pull out couch bed which I thought was nice. The best part was the kitchen. They had plates and utensils ready for you! Even pots and pans! This can be a great comfy apartment! . . Right now though, I wouldn't shell out $500+ for two nights stay if it was just going to be me and my boyfriend.
On the outside, everything seems fine and dandy but it's really the little things that make the difference and this place did not have it.  Rooms are spacious and the balcony is nice.  The bed did not feel as big as a king and there was nothing deluxe about it.  The TV is a real pain to work.  There is a long delay when operating the remote and very limited channel selection.  There was a guy who said he was replacing a bulb in the kitchen and said he would need the whole day to troubleshoot and fix even if we weren't in the room.  That wasn't going to happen.  The front desk was rude and said it would take an hour to bring luggage to the room.  Huh?  Am I in Vegas or a third world country?  There was puke in one of the elevator.  Our shower drain was clogged and never fixed and the bathroom had none of the nice amenities.    Moving walkway between towers was broken.  Lots of little things.  Are the lights and and the water running?  Yes, but lots of annoying little things add up and they need to step up the customer service.
A beautiful, affordable hotel right off the strip.  This hotel had great amenities--our party got a one bedroom suite and it came with a fully stocked kitchen (cooking utensils, blender, silverware, cups, soap, etc), stovetop, dishwasher and fridge.  There was a pull out bed in the living room, and a cool TV that came out of the desk in the master bedroom.  The bathroom for the master bedroom was huge--with a large tub and a shower in one area, a large vanity area, and a separate room for the toilet.  I also loved how the living room area had it's own bathroom too.  This 1 bedroom 2 bathroom suite was great for the bachelorette party we were there for.. . We stayed in tower 2, where there was a nice cafe called "Delights" and easy access to the pool.. . I'm giving it a 3 though because I HATE the parking situation here. It is valet only. Apparently, only one car per suite is allowed. Made no sense, as this room sleeps 4 people and we only had 2 cars.  We HAD to use two cars because some people left from SoCal in the morning, and some at night.  For the first day, we had to have one of our cars parked at MGM, and then had to walk all the way over to the Signature across the bridge to get to the hotel.  It was not fun holding boxes and luggage with that long of a walk in heels.  Also, we were given a lot of attitude by the staff when we asked about the parking situation.. . Also, on check out on the last day, it also took 30+ minutes for the valet to get our car--understandable since it was a Sunday but still, I'd rather deal with self-parking any day.
My wife and I stayed here for our 1 year anniversary and I would have to say that the hotel rooms are very nice. They are spacious with kitchenettes and balconies. Many people say its far from the strip but their crazy. Take the moving walkways to MGM or just a block away is Planet Hollywood. . . The biggest downfall and what I had the hardest problem with was the service checking in and the Valet. We arrived at 130 and were told the room wasn't ready. OK. Were early...understandable. 3pm comes and we check back in. Still no room. We were told it would be done in a few minutes so check back in about an hour but not with her because she leaves then. Weird, a few minutes shouldn't be an hour and why would you tell us that your leaving then. 45 minutes later overhearing a conversation at the counter their being told they can't get their room until 530. Luckily the new woman we spoke with was able to steal a room for us before someone else took it from the list. If this happens to you wait at the desk until they get you a room right then, don't sit around for 2 hours thinking it will be a few minutes. . . Another issue was the valet. If your a hotel in Vegas expect that it is going to be crowded on the weekends. Therefore, have enough staff to valet. You shouldn't have to stand around in 100+ degrees for 45 min to an hour to have your car be brought up. I am a very understanding person when it comes to mishaps or whatever. But when I go back and ask where my car is and they scan the ticket and walk away with no answer other than there's car's in front of you. I also was told I was a liar when I asked someone else and he told me I was only waiting five minutes. Every time they scan your card it logs it. After he argued with me about it I think he finally realized that well it has been 45 minutes since it was first scanned. I had no trouble at the other resorts with valeting. If you need your car during any check in or out times make sure you self park in MGM Grand. Save yourself the headache. . . Besides the two customer service mishaps this was a really nice hotel. I would definitely go back.
I recently returned from a business trip to Vegas and spent 5 nights at the Signature.  We happen to be a fan of staying in the MGM as its right on the monorail path to the convention center, and dealing with that cab line on the way out of the LVCC is never fun.. . As for the rooms, they are absolutely great.  Spacious rooms and big bathrooms include the Jacuzzi tub.  Everything is well appointed in the rooms.. . As for that walk to the MGM...I am very much proposing the MGM start an annual out and back 10K down that hallway.  I happen to be that guy who enjoys walking everywhere over a short taxi ride, even in the Vegas summer heat, but walking that hallway out to Tower 3, 2-3 round trips a day, really got to me with 6 days of it.  If I was only around for the weekend, I likely would not have much to moan about.  . . If you decide this is the place for you, I recommend checking out: http://preferredhotelgroup.com/preferred/destinations/united-states/nevada/las-vegas/the-signature-at-mgm-grand . . The Preferred Hotel Group has a stake in a number of the rooms here and often seriously undercuts the MGM rates.  On my stay, through Preferred Hotel Group, I got a Breakfast Package that included room service breakfast for 2 each morning, for less than the room only rates for the MGM or The Signature.  The website rates also dropped as I got closer to the travel dates.. . If I came to town for fun for me, I'd likely go Cosmopolitan, Wynn, or Venetian.. Next time I'm around on business, I'll likely go back to the MGM as the redone rooms there are greatly improved over a couple years ago.  If PHG offered a smoking rate with room service breakfast next time I'm back on business, I would definitely be tempted to book Signature again, but likely have a 'what was I thinking moment' every time I walked that hallway.
I give  the mgm 3 stars, for a few reasons, keep in mind, I am a princess & the pea traveler, and I only stay in 5 star hotels wherever possible.  I am allergic to perfumes & carpet freshener.. . They have air freshener piped into the air conditioner in the lobby, not anywhere else luckily.  They use carpet fresheners.  You must valet your car (tips), they don't supply the galley in your room with utensils, you have to ask (tip).  There is a $25 a night resort fee.  The bed could be a higher quality.. . That being said the staff is Excellent!!, the hotel is new, & nice.
I really do love the signature but could only give it three stars because of a few important factors.. . I've been to this hotel 7 timesin the past few years. Every January since 2009 for CES as well as a stay during May and a stay in August. Its a phenomenal property and beautiful inside. Love the appliances and the fact that we get a refrigerator, stove, and microwave every time. It's also nice and rare to find a property in Vegas with balconies. Although it's one block off the strip, that's close enough to enjoy the view.. . Here are the downsides:. 1. The Internet is terrible. I'm an IT guy so I know when it's a problem with my laptop or the service. Over my 7 stays here, I can't remember a time when we didn't have complaints about the Internet. I've had to call engineering 3 or 4 times, each time they haven't been able to help. Most recently, I tried to run a speed test to justify my complaint. I couldn't even get the test to run several times. The one time that it was successful I got .06Mbps down. For a laymen, this is worse than dialup speeds.  This time when I called (September 2013) he told me they were redoing their Wifi. My fingers are crossed. With a resort fee of $25 a day for non-working internet, I'm not impressed.. . 2. The shower, although it has a standard shower handle, has basically two settings: Too hot and not quite hot enough. Out of my 7 stays, I've experienced this problem the majority of the time but not every time. I'm not sure what it is, and I haven't found any rhyme or reason to adjusting the knob, but you have to turn it pretty far to get it to the point where it's hot enough. But then it gets too hot. So you turn it down but it takes about a 45 degree turn to notice any difference. And then it's too cold. Typically at this point I make fine adjustments back upward toward hot and eventually I get it after a few minutes. But it's just not quite normal.. . 3. Room delivery: Having a kitchen in our room, we've found some times where we either need glasses or utensils or plates, etc. I think we've only called down 3 times over our many stays but it generally is a 45+ minute wait to get things delivered. Just the other night, I needed a few glasses. The room didn't have any although I believe it was supposed to. So we called down and requested them. It took an hour and a half. At this point we had bought Solo cups and were drinking out of those. I think it's because they have to walk things over from the Grand so I can understand but it would be cool if the service was a little bit faster. . . Overall I still like the hotel and will probably stay again. But these problems have been consistent so I can't quite justify 4 or 5 stars.
This is a really nice hotel.  The rooms are spaciousand the beds comfortable (although i felt ours was a bit TOO soft... ) HOWEVER, there were a few things that I felt left much to be desired. FIRST, although I expected the resort fee ($25 per night)...what I did NOT expect was the outrageous fee for "incidentals"... (WTF)?! We never even took advantage of the overpriced $8 WATER BOTTLE! Or the Gajiliion Dollar Bag of Nuts!! (Of course I'm exaggerating... but it's only so you'll have an idea as to how extremely OVERPRICED these items are!!) And they hit you with the fee up front so again... WTF! I was not aware of this when we booked. Otherwise I would have stayed elsewhere. THEN, it's really far from the strip... Yes they tell you there's a walk way you can use through the MGM... but it's like 1 MIMLE from the entrance... after a few days of doing this, it feels as if you've walked for MILES!!!  Needless to say, we will NOT be staying here again... lesson learned.
I'm kind of in the middle on this one... although I don't want to give The Signature Suites a low rating because I would not say my stay was "bad" I feel the things that I was not happy with are important items therefore kind of outweighing the good.... . First off the value was great.  A 925 sq ft.1 bedroom suite is not something you can usually get in Vegas for under about $300/a night (I didn't pay anywhere near that) I LOVED the fact that there was a balcony and I could open the door and get the crisp Vegas fresh air!  The room was clean (I'm a germ-a-phobe) and well-appointed.... . I found their "resort fee" of $28.00 a day to be ridiculous! It's not even a "resort" it's a condo!  Although it's technically "connected" to a resort, it's separate and that was made very clear in numerous instances. Besides free-wifi, I have no clue what the resort fee is for?. . I found the front desk staff in 2 of the 3 towers (1 & 2)  to be EXTREMELY rude!  (Yes, I dealt with both towers because I had a room/tower change mid trip)   The nicest people I encountered on that property were the Valet and housekeeping staff, both were GREAT!  The front desk staff was a major failure in my eyes! It was not until I complained to a manager (in tears) that I FINALLY met someone kind and accommodating.  It should not have come to that!  I also tipped the girl at check-in (very generously I might add) and requested a strip view room on a high floor at the END of the hallway, or even just away from the elevators for some peace and QUIET... I did get a high floor (38th) but my room was facing the airport (on the backside of the hotel) and was the FIRST one outside of the elevators (my bedroom wall backed up to the elevator bay) So all I heard was the whining of the elevators zooming up and down, and clanking and banging etc... so after minimal sleep for 2 nights, I was switched towers, to an end room... but unfortunately had to give up my large balcony!  There was only a balcony off the living space, not the bedroom... but the quiet room was more important to me!
We decided to stay here after attending Drake's concert, considering the self parking garage would be a potential nightmare after the show. I booked extremely far in advance so I scored an amazing deal on the room rate.. . We stayed in a one bedroom apartment with a full kitchen. From the description, it sounded like an incredible room. It was at approximately 900 square feet and I was in shock considering I only paid $145 a night on the room. . . We were assigned to Tower 1 but were immediately moved to Tower 3 because there weren't any rooms available there.. . The Signature is connected through an indoor walkway to the MGM. Especially convenient when it's pouring rain outside. . . The room itself was spacious but there really wasn't anything unique other than the full kitchen. The decor within the room was average. Anything you would expect for a typical room. The tv did come out of the desk so that was neat I suppose. . . However, the hot water in the shower didn't work. And when I ordered room service it took 2 hours to get to us! It was a 15 minute wait on the phone too. I called after an hour and a half and turns out they couldn't find our room. How can you not find our room?! You work here! They sent them back up and it took another half hour. It was 3AM at that time and the food was unappetizing. It wasn't the best hotel but it also wasn't the worst. Maybe I'm just spoiled by the Wynn properties. After seeing all the rooms from the most traditional there to the 3 bedroom duplex, I just simply have higher standards.
The property is aging and it's showing - seemed much better seven or so years ago. The TV was fuzzy (first time I have seen that in years), we had a queen bed in our "suite" (who still doesn't do Kings in the US), the carpet was dated/old, the valet service was frustrating when trying to get your back (they don't allow calling for it - have to give the ticket in person and wait 10-15 minutes or so, and a nightmare at checkout time). They couldn't even keep yogurt in supply at the breakfast shop. Pretty long walk from there to the strip.
