We were just in Vegas and saw 4 shows: Mystere, Le Reve, O and Criss Angel-Believe. While theatrically beautiful and some amazing moments, it's definitely not all that it's hyped up to be. Way too expensive to make it worth it and a lot of boring moments. Mystere was by far the best! Maybe not the most theatrically intricate etc, but definitely the most entertaining.
I know I'm going to be out numbered by saying this but..I barely see what all the hype was about it... everyone I have ever spoken to much like most of the reviews on here say. O is awesome. so maybe all that hyped made me expect too much ?. . just a disclaimer. im not claiming i can do any of the amazing things these talented people did, that being said. i saw a similar show in maui for a fraction of the cost and they did the same things. minus  diving into water, and synchorized swimming. and a few other things.baisicly to a smaller scale. anyways  i found myself constantly checking my watch, and the freaken clowns !!  theres this segment where the clowns come out on their floating house and do a few really lame skits. uhgz*they are not funny !!!!!!!!!  =S. . i paid 135 bucks for 2nd row seats, maybe i was too close ?!?. . if ur going to go see the show opt for the cheaper seats in the back.  maybe if u pay less or get them comped than the show will seem more worth ur while?. . oh and a last note , the bigger hawaiian looking guy who did the fire thing. me and my sis swear he looks like the guy from the maui show. Lol
WHERE IS THIS WATER COMING FROM?! WHERE DOES IT GO?! HOW DO THESE PEOPLE BREATH?!. . ^^Recurring questions I had during this show. I'm really giving it a 3.5!. . Theater: Built like an old-time movie theater (amphiteater style). Most seats are decent (Balcony looked like it could strain your neck a bit). The ceiling is GORGEOUS, and water comes from up there (yep, crazy).. . Acrobats: This Cirque show was probably my third favorite (after LOVE and KA), and I've seen about five of them. Anything with water and acrobats and diving from a gagillion feet is labeled as impressive in my book. At the same time, having water restricts what types of tricks you can do. Some of the diving ones, although impressive, became repetitive.. . Minus one star for price - EXPENSIVE. Oh dear, is it expensive. I wasn't even in the front (middle, left) and our tickets were $159ish not including sevice charge - eep. I'm still on the fence of whether or not it was wholly worth it. Also, if you've been to a cirque show, you know that the actors walk around in the audience before the show to mess with you. Well, here they mess with you...and sometimes, it's WITH water. Meh, not when I'm all dressed and nice, please. Also, the funny nonacrobatic montages were overextended at times.. . Overall, it's entrancing, and if you have $$$$ to spend, I'll recommend it to you.
Entertaining show (but...)  Super athletic performers, and a technologically amazing set  utilizing water in really innovative way.  However, for me the show was kind of an unconnected six minute diving or gymnastics displays.  They should rename 'O' to "What Would Happen If Greg Louganis, Mary Lou Retton, Leonardo da Vinci, and Rupaul Did LSD Together".   . I saw 'KA' last year and thought it better.  I understand I may be biased due to just seeing 'KA' before 'O', but 'KA' had heros, villains and a backstory to follow within the show.  'O' had the same amazing, high flying antics as 'KA', but rather than a backstory they had clowns.
MAKE SURE YOU GET YOUR TICKETS EARLY, THEY SELL OUT SO QUICK!!!!. . I was really excited to see "O" because I've seen several Cirque productions and loved them all.  . . I was kind of disappointed with this one.  The set was amazing with all the water, but the actual show was kind of boring.. . There was WAY more interpretive dancing in this one and less acrobatics.  . . The best way to describe "O" would be that it is for the over 55 crowd.  This is definitely an old person's Cirque show.
Saw "O" with a couple of friends in April; we sat in section 102, Row H, seats 6-8.  Although we weren't "central" to the stage, we were still able to catch all the action.  My friends were blown away and absolutely loved "O", but I was less enthused.  I don't feel the show was worth the $175 price per ticket (tax included).  I guess I'm still spoiled by the spectacle and storyline associated with "KA" at the MGM Grand.  The music with "KA" is also more poignant and more relevant to the plot.  . . I can certainly appreciate the talent that went into the performances and sets, but I expected more "acts".  Although the comedic acts by the two clowns were enjoyable at first, after the second act, it became repetitive...and annoying.  . . I have seen "KA", "Zumanity", "Mystere", "Le Reve", and now "O", but so far, "KA" remains my all-time favorite cirque show.  Would I pay to see "O" again?  No.  With that said, everyone should experience this show at least once.  I think for those that haven't experienced a cirque show, it will be an enjoyable experience.  (I've seen "KA" twice and will pay to see it again.). . Try to get to the show at least 30 minutes before start-time.  You'll have the opportunity to grab a drink and get souvenir photos taken.  The photographer(s) that take photos of you will give you a ticket and by the end of the show, your photos will be ready for viewing as you exit the theater.  A set of two photos (5"x7") will cost you $45, but hey, they come with memories...and a nice souvenir "O" photo frame.
Really REALLY good, but not great. Definitely not worth $180 per ticket, not the best Cirque show. I guess the old saying is true. With high expectations come even bigger letdowns.
I know this show is supposed to be amazing and I'm pretty sure it is the most popular Cirque show on the Strip, but I was a little underwhelmed.. . We were seated in the fourth row (so close!) and so I had a great view of the action. Amazing costumes, makeup, and actors.. . Here's the thing: there is soooooooooo much going on, that you can't focus and follow along.  Also, there isn't really a storyline and it's a jumble of acts.  Case in point: at one moment in the show, there is a man completely engulfed in flames who walks across the stage, crazy sea monsters coming out of the water, men dressed in French aristocratic servant clothes marching across the stage, and a butler who looks like Riff Raff from Rocky Horror dancing...all at the same time.  At that point I literally turned to my husband and said, "What the eff is this shhh?" (You can fill in the euphemisms I'm sure).. . In terms of water based shows, I like La Reve better. And in terms of acrobatics and circustry, I liked Zumanity and Absinthe better.  I just think there are some better shows out there.
This was the first CDS show I'd ever seen and we were honestly, well...underwhelmed.  So much so that I was falling asleep halfway through during the ship act.  I just found this whole show to move kind of slow and wasn't overly impressed.  We've since seen KA and Mystere and LOVED both.  I'd rank KA as #1, then Mystere, and O at the bottom of the pack.  Seeing La Reve this weekend and hoping it's better!
I agree with some of the other posts. If you've seen traditional acrobatic acts before or seen the Cirque Du Soleil highlights on TV then this show probably won't impress you. The most amazing thing about this show for me was the stage that opens to become a pool and closes to become a stage, the divers that are in the tank moving props and such, and the endurance of the swimmers and dancers. Also, a warning about the back balcony seating, from this section you will have a hard time watching the pre-show skits with the clowns.
Pretty cool show.  The stage is a pool one minute, and the next minute it becomes just a stage!  Honestly, I found myself more impressed with the multifunctional stage and moving backdrops than the performers.  Sometimes I wasn't even paying attention to them.. . I was seated in row 1 which offered a very unique view/perspective.  However, I'm not sure that sitting so close is advisable.  If I were to see this show again I'd opt to be at least 4-5 rows back.  And yes...when they tell you that you'll get wet, we're talking mist in your face for about a minute (maybe less).. . All in all, I'm glad I saw O and have no regrets paying for the premium seat.  However, it wasn't a let's-see-that-again performance.  Time to move on to something else.  This is my second Cirque show in Vegas, and Love still tops!
We decided to see this show after watching Beatles Love the night before and this was way below our standards. The show was good don't get me wrong and the performers were great but it had no story line and the music was just not inviting. I actually started falling asleep! I def. would not see this again.
I had attended "O" for the first time 8 years ago.  For some reason, I feel that the first time was better than this second time.  Perhaps my expectations were set too high after enjoying it so much the first time.  I think it was different than the first.. . The acrobatics and diving were still stellar, but the group choreography seemed off to me.  They weren't as in synch as I remember they were before.. . Unfortunately, I felt I did not get my money's worth with this Cirque performance.
My first Cirque show in Vegas and it hurts me to give this a 3 star review but unfortunately, it didn't take my breath away.  Yes, the performances were amazing but the show overall just felt like it dragged as time went by and in many instances, lost my attention.  There was just too much going on at one time that it just made it a little difficult for me to keep up with the storyline.  Come to think of it... was there even one?  Anyhow, the costumes and the stage it self was gorgeous.  The performers... such talent.  I guess I had such high expectations for this show that I was a bit disappointed when it didn't fully captivate me.  Thought I got a deal when I saved 20% on tickets booking the 10pm show, but it turned out to be the most expensive nap I paid for when I turned over to see the husband falling asleep 10 minutes into the show.
Im only giving this a 3 stars because I liked my seat... as for the show, it is jus a lil weird for me... the ppl on the show are very talented with wat they do and how flexible they are but there was like no talking or singin and i got bored with it.
I finally got to Vegas and went to see Cirque and I was disappointed. The stage and the orchestra are the stars of the show. The acrobats were certainly talented, but I couldn't get into the show. Some of the skits were very odd and the show didn't flow well. I'm sorry we spent $250. I recommend seeing Phantom.
I was a little disappointed with our O experience.  We spent a lot of money buying 8 front row seats and walked out a little less than thrilled.  The show opened with the usual cirque characters teasing the audience.  It included a huge water pour from the ceiling and completely soaked my brother and his fiance.  They were wet an cold for the entire show and weren't offered a towel.. . I'm used to the death defying acts of cirque shows but this seemed more like glorified synchronized swimming.  Yes, the theater, costumes, and music were beautiful and some of the acrobatics were truly impressive, but it wasn't as great as I thought it would be.  I've been more impressed with other cirque shows.. . I also didn't understand the story.  Was there a story?  There were certain main characters, but I wasn't sure how it all tied together.
I have seen several Cirque du Soleil Shows (Quidam, Varekai, Dralion, Alegria, Zumanity, Ka, Iris, Mystere).  That weekend, it was basically between O and Le Reve.  Being that we love Cirque shows and reading all the reviews we decided to see O.  . . O was playing at the Bellagio.  The box office was friendly and helpful.  The tickets were expensive.  When we arrived at the theater, there were a lot of people waiting outside the front doors.  When they opened the doors, there was a long lobby with art sculptures based on the show.  The theater is large.  We were fortunate to sit near the front so we had a good view.  Can't say there is a bad seat in the house, except for maybe the extreme sides and maybe the front couple of rows (where you may get wet).  Production value is huge.  There is a pool that appears and disappears as needed.  It is very theatrical.  It is artistic and had beautiful costumes.  . . However, my husband and I weredisappointed with the show.   It wasn't as good as everyone made it out to be.  The comedy was lacking (boring).  The performances were not as exciting as other Cirque shows that we have seen.  It dragged at times.  We thought it could have been better. . . If you like Cirque, go ahead and see the show, but there are better Cirque shows out there.
I've seen and liked two other Cirque shows--Mystere and Totem--and I was really looking forward to O. However, the show was underwhelming. I suspect that the show has changed over time and has gone downhill. If you are in Vegas and haven't seen any Cirque shows before, go see Mystere instead, it's a better show for much less money (at least when I was there a few years ago).. . . The breakdown:. . The Online Ticket Interface: This thing sucks. It won't really tell you what seats are available, it only gives you what it thinks are the best available seats in the price level you set. The available seats it selects for you changes all the time, sometimes better seats, sometimes worse seats. . . Cost:  Pricey. Even with the 20% internet discount, the show was still $146 (w/taxes and fees) per "A" level seat. The bulk of the seats are "A" level ($155 before taxes and fees, $180 after t&f), with the cheaper seats ($109 and $130) only available on the uppermost balcony and the fringes of the theater. There are also Golden Circle ($180) and limited view seats ($98.50).. . Seats: We were in Section 104, Row M, Seats 15-16, which is on the right side of the lower level. These seats were good.  I would avoid the "splash zone" seats--not so much because you'll get that wet--but because they looked way too close to get a good view.. . The Stage: The moving stage is impressive--a nifty piece of engineering. It fills with water or drains rapidly. But, this probably shouldn't be the thing I remember most about the show, and it is.. . The Performance: "O" has a lot of choreography and spectacle, but lacks in substance. Some of the acts were repetitive, and I must admit I was actually yawning a lot near the end. The show did not have as many acrobatic set pieces as I expected.. . Some of the performances were really lost in a mess of unnecessary choreography. People were just running back and forth, or someone would lower from the sky and do nothing and then go back up. And, there were definitely SLOW parts. The synchronized swimmers were boring. The divers, fire dancers, and some of the acrobats were okay. The show definitely lacked the "holy crap" moments.. . . Overall, the show is probably worth a 3-star rating for having a few good acts and an impressive stage.
I absolutely LOVE Cirque shows, having seen a couple before (Ovo & Zumanity), so I was really excited when my boyfriend was offered comp tickets for his birthday in Las Vegas. Our seats were perfect, right in the middle about 6 rows up from the stage. I was extremely impressed with the set, as it was beautiful, and the water acts were gorgeous. Unfortunately, I was slightly underwhelmed. I don't know if it was just me, but I found the comedy to be lacking...the clown humour wasn't funny and I actually found it to be pretty boring. I was expecting to see more "AMAZING" acrobatics, but aside from the beautiful diving (that takes talent) and a couple other acts (fire dancers, jumpers) I was really unimpressed. I didn't understand the story they were trying to tell, and some of the scenes were downright confusing. What was with the guy holding the 1-800 sign? Not to mention, I felt creeped out by it, like it was a weird acid trip. Those guys in the red coats are what nightmares are made out of. I love Cirque du Soleil and "O" was a nice way to spend an evening, but overall I'm glad we didn't pay for the tickets. We found ourselves yawning towards the end and unfortunately, we were glad when it ended. Next time, I will see Ka or Mystere!
Comparatively, Le Reve was much more entertaining and awe inspiring water acrobatics show than O with better seating arrangement and a more cohesive story line.
The show was elegant and some of the the tricks were amazing, but I determined about 45 min into the show that I must not be a Cirque kinda guy. The show got repetitive extremely fast for me, and I still don't know what the deal was with the clowns. If your are into Cirque and want a water show this is the one, but for me Zumanity was 10x better.
I thought O was very well produced, but not one of the best Cirque du Soleil that I've seen (I've seen about 5+ by now). It was much better than KA for sure.. . We sat in the 2nd row (I'd recommend sitting row 5-10). The water effects are amazing and the dancing is very well choreographed. However, I didn't understand the overall theme of the show. Acrobats were a bit lacking in comparison to other Cirques. . . It's definitely worth seeing, but I would not put this as #1.
What a disappointment. . I've seen many Cirque shows and this was the one I was most excited about. Maybe it's so hyped up, maybe my expectations were too high that it was a bigger let down.. . The stage was the best I've seen, no doubt about that. The costumes and music were amazing.  However, the acts were mediocre. Come on, it's Cirque du Soleil!! I expected more than this. I've seen traveling shows with more difficult and entertaining acts. . All Cirque shows has "funny" acts in between to give the performers a chance to rest & prepare for the next acts. O has the WORST. Not funny at all and it dragged.. . There's also no storyline.
***I was disappointed with O; it could just be that I am not a big fan of Cirque du Soleil shows, but I felt this one had quite a few boring parts and it was expensive (but understandable considering its popularity); there were definitely some great spectacle moments, but not enough for me to truly enjoy this one***. . The first Cirque du Soleil show I saw was Ka and after having seen Mystere and O since then, I think Cirque du Soleil is not for me.  I liked Ka though I thought it was a little slow in parts and did not have much in terms of high flying acrobatics.  Mystere had more acrobatics, but it had no story (only a series of vignettes) and it just kind of meandered and did not have the spectacle of Ka.  O is kind of like a cross between Ka and Mystere.  It has the spectacle of Ka and the disjointed series of vignettes with no story of Mystere.. . The signature element of O is the water, of course.  It is nicely done, but it does get repetitive with all of the synchornized swimming.  They do a lot of nice diving elements including some very high dives that is impressive.. . Despite the uniqueness of using water (which definitely goes well with Bellagio given their fountain show), I actually preferred the stage at Ka more.  I found that much more interesting and that along with some stylized touches and uses of curtains and lights made Ka feel much more cinematic.. . Ka also had a storyline.  While it was not a great story, it did connect the scenes fairly well.  With O, there is no story.  It is much more like Mystere where there are just a series of acrobatic vignettes including mini-sections with clowns (while I did not love the lightly comedic clown elements of Mystere, I thought they were better than the clowns at O--the scenes were slow, uninteresting and not funny).. . While there was no storyline, I think they could have done a better job of tying the vignettes together given the underlying connection of water.  There was not really an embracing of the water.  There were horses, a safari landscape and men dressed in long red coats and white wigs (they seemed to come from a different show all together).  There was even a maid, who pushed a laundry cart, and picked up the clothes (left thrown on the floor after a performer clothing change on-stage); pushing the cart was kind of all she did (I did not get that one; for all I know, Bellagio housekeeping could have just accidentally wandered onto the set).. . I think more ocean-themed vignettes would have tied everything together though it could have potentially resulted in cheesiness if not done right.. . Still, there were bright spots.  The first trapeze vignette, high above the water, was really interesting and I have not seen a trapeze act quite like the one at O.  It created kind of a nervous and exciting anticipation that was truly special.  The diving was good.  It did get a little repetitive, but there were some great dives--both from high up as well as exciting moments where divers were launched across the stage like rockets).. . The arena was beautiful.  There was a greatly lit blue dome above seating and the opening and closing of the red curtain was nicely and very interestingly done.  Seating was comfortable too.. . Ticket prices are expensive.  Because of O's popularity, it is hard to find discounted prices for O.  You could probably find similar tickets for Ka at maybe half the price and even less for Mystere.. . O might be the most iconic show on The Strip so it is definitely one to consider if you are traveling to Las Vegas for the first time or are a big Cirque du Soleil fan.  If you are not a big Cirque fan or have never been to one of their shows, I would suggest seeing one of their more price friendly shows like Ka or Mystere first to see if this is the type of entertainment you really enjoy before paying the high prices for O.. . Like other Las Vegas hotels on The Strip, Bellagio offers both free and self parking.
I'm a fan of many Cirque du Soleil shows and have seen quite a few - Ka, Love, and Mystere, and O can be reviewed a couple of different ways.. . 1) Versus the other hydro-centric show, Le Reve. I saw Le Reve three nights after O. Long story short: Le Reve is better. Le Reve is a more intimate stage as the audience sits around the pool 360 degrees. Le Reve had less clown time. And Le Reve had more action / acrobatics. It's a no-brainer. What's sad is we saw O on a Wed night and Le Reve on a Sat night and, despite having hundreds more seats, O was far more packed than Le Reve. Brand recognition does matter.. . 2) Versus its price. O is expensive - outrageously expensive. Tickets are almost $200 (best Le Reve tickets are about $115). It's not worth it. There are too many other entertainment options on The Strip for a fraction of that price (e.g., Absinthe or Le Reve). Fortunately we paid $70 via Craigslist.. . O is not bad. You might even like it if you love fancy costumes and surreal motions that leave most people saying, "WTF?" But if you want action, acrobatics, and more intimate setting at a fraction of the price, go see Le Reve (or Absinthe, the best show on The Strip, and I have seen over 15).
I've seen 4 cirque du soleil shows.  I saw O late October 2011.  I just have to say I was expecting to be overwhelmed, as I am a huge fan of cirque du soleil.  I was disappointed.  The other 2 shows I saw were much better, The Beatles Love, and Zarkana, in Radio City Music Hall.  The other show I saw was a traveling show Banana Shpeel.  I just had heard "O" was the BEST, and was simply underwhelmed.  I wish we would have seen the new Elvis one instead, I guess on my next Vegas trip.
Seems like a lot of people liked "O" based on the numerous 4.5 star yelp reviews, but as a Vegas veteran who watches a lot of shows, I wasn't really impressed. There was never a moment that made me think "WOW". The circus acts just reminded me of the same acrobatic events I'd seen before, the performers doing flips into the water was like Olympic diving. There was so much going on yet nothing really caught my eye. . . If you want to watch a water show, I suggest la reve. Much cheaper tickets for much better seats. It's a much larger stage than O. O has all the seats facing front, whereas la reve has 360 degree style seating all around a circular stage. La reve has more unique acts in my opinion, and divers jump from much higher heights (I want to say 2-3x higher).. . If you want to watch a cirque show, I really liked Love. . . For just a general Vegas show, absinthe was amazing.
BIt of an overpriced Snooze Fest in my opinion.. Will go again someday to see if it was just me and the time I went.....
I don't know why I didn't really like this show. This is the first show I ever saw in Vegas, and I believe that considering the price of the ticket, along with how much fuss I ve heard about this show, my expectations might have been set to high. I was disappointed. Yes it was beautiful and eerie, yes the stage/water/pool effects are amazing, but I was bored at times ( when the clown was entertaining ), and I expected more of a wow factor. This is a beautiful show, that's eerie/dreamy, but has no stunts or amazing acrobatics. A beautifully executed circus show, on a water stage, nothing more, nothing less.
So I know I am swimming upstream with this review with only giving it 3 stars, but I wanted to add my opinion of the show here anyway.  I'm sure I am not the only one that doesn't think it is a 5 star show.. . I have seen a lot of Crique shows.  I think my last count is 5, so I do have some experience with this genre of production shows.  I do enjoy Cirque shows, just not this one.  I thought O was ok, but not the best thing I have ever seen.  . . The theme of this show is death, which I found out after watching the show and talking to some friends who had seen it as well.  As soon as my friends told me that, it totally explained a lot of the things I thought about the show.  I found O to be very dark and it made me uncomfortable in many instances.  I actually had bad dreams the night I saw the show.  It just creeped me out on some level in my brain.  I just didn't like the imagery at all.. . Now I do have some positives for the show.  It is a great show for the performance value alone, which is why it gets a 3 star rating from me.  It is a high quality Cirque show with some great performers, except for the clowns, they creeped me out too, but that goes back to me seeing scary clown movies as a kid.  I am just traumatized on numerous levels I guess.. . The theater is also well designed with most seats being good.  I would recommend not buying the cheapest seats though because they have some obstructed views and are pretty far back.  If you are going to see the show, spurge on the better seats. I was given comped tickets to this show due to an old job I used to have and we were in the "cheap" seats and my friend who went with me actually couldn't see a section of the stage.. . So take what you will from my review.  I hope it helps you decide on which show to see in Vegas!
I was disappointed.  I probably wouldn't have bought tickets if I knew what it'd be like.  None of the acts were that innovative, save a couple. I felt like a lot of the elements were interesting but ultimately didn't have much purpose in the 'story'. Also while the clowns are somewhat amusing, I'm getting pretty tired of them.  Seemed a lot like lots of things were going on on stage to cover up for the lack of any one thing being truly amazing.. . Go for the beautiful costumes and music I guess (although then again they are hard to see from afar).. . I was more amused with 'The art of Richard Macdonald', who did all those beautiful sculptures that were shown in the theatre entrance.
I was really looking forward to seeing this show, I have heard it was so good by a lot of people, the show is always sold out so its never discounted at the tickets for tonight booths. So I was able to find discounted tickets through the Bellagio website so my wife and I decided to see it. . . Overall this is not a bad show, and my wife made a good point in that if this was the first Cirque du Soleil show we would probably be more impressed, and as a result I would have rated the show higher. At this point we have seen KA, Love, Michael Jackson One, and Zarkana, all of which have their own reasons for being better then O was. . . One example of how other shows have impressed me more, I have seen some reviews that mention how great the stage is, it can disappear under water or make the water disappear completely, it can also be configured in a mixture of the two. Sure this is pretty neat but a show like KA the stage is a lot more impressive, it is so massive and the whole show its moved around vertically, set at an angle, and a lot of other great tricks and used as an actual prop in the show, very impressive and a lot more then O.. . The costumes, the originality of performing in water, and the acrobatics are all pretty decent, but just not as exciting as other Cirque shows. I did enjoy the break for the performers in which they had a clown act, it was pretty cute. . . My suggestion would be this, if you have not seen any Cirque shows in Vegas you might want to consider seeing this first, you will probably be impressed and it will probably get you interested in seeing the other shows. If you have seen a few Cirque shows save you money until you have seen most if not all of the other ones and go in there with a low expectation and you might enjoy it.
This is probably my 3rd favorite Cirq... Zumanity #1, Mystere #2, then "O".  Even though it is not a "Cirq" show, I saw Le Reve before seeing "O" and maybe that is what ruined it for me... Le Reve is so much more... FANTASTIC.  If you are planning to spend on a higher cost show, I would skip this and head to the Wynn in a heartbeat, you will not be sorry!. Dont get me wrong O is good...but to me, not worth the cost.
Sometimes hype can be a bad thing.  Cirque du Soleil's "O" is truly a technical marvel.  I was flabbergasted by the fact that there is an aquatic acrobatic performance for the stage.  Sprightly little divers from China somersaulting through the air and the plunging into a pool that seemed almost bottomless.  But this novelty lasted about 20 min, then it became a bit tiresome.  There are only so many variations that can be done of people twirling and diving into the water to a background of haunting music.  The best way to sum it up is to compare it to my love of pizza.  It is one of my favorite foods, but I can't eat a thousand slices of it.  At some point I have to say stop so that I can keep it my special food.  . . But, I can't deny that it is a very unique show and I think that it is worth watching once.  My seats were in the mezzanine level.  The good thing was that it provided an awesome vantage to see how the stage changes and transition from hard floor to water were made.  The bad thing was that there is a severe bright light at the back of the stage that is aimed right at the mezzanine.  On occasion, I felt like I was staring into the sun.  If you want to see something different, "O" might be a good choice.  But if  you really want bang for your buck entertainment, you may want to try a different show.
Not my favorite Cirque du Soleil show, but it's an okay show.. . There is not a lot of a story line to the show, at least not one as memorable as some of the others I've seen.  The high dives and some of the water tricks were pretty amazing, but I found myself often getting bored in the show.  . . The theater is beautiful, and the costumes and makeup are right on par, but in the end, I wasn't really impressed overall.  I find that I usually forget to breathe during their shows, but this one wasn't really as such.. . It was a solid show.  Definitely a good show, but for my money?  I'd probably prefer to go elsewhere on the strip for a better Cirque show.  (Make sure you use an M Life card when purchasing your tickets.  Best deal I could find on them!)
Show was ok.  Not worth the money we paid though.  I would spend my money on other Cirque shows (I love Mystere) but this was real disappointing. First thing that disappointed me was our seats. We sat at the top but only the 2nd row so you should be able to see everything just fine, but you can't. Anything done in the front of the stage I could never see.  There was a preshow with some clowns that I couldn't even see at all. And during the show they go to the front of the stage off and on and then again I didn't even get to see what was happening. One thing that made it hard to see is the row in front of us (the 1st row up top) they would often lean forward so they could see and then it really blocked our view.  The show was slow, there was about 2 acts I enjoyed.  They have a few clown acts during the show, and it was so slow and not funny at all. I don't think anyone was laughing at all.  Other shows I have seen I don't want the show to end, but this one I kept hoping it was the last act so we could go and do something fun.
It was definitely not one of the better Cirque shows in LV.  We both fell asleep a few times.  We found the music a bit too slow moving.  Save your money and try to see KA, Love, or Mystere instead.
It's a great show with amazing costumes and an awesome stage.  With water how can it not be great...but compared to other shows of this type this one is not the best to me.
