Inconsistent! The first time I ate here was very good. The 2nd time, not so much. The stone crab seemed tiny (I ordered the select, but I swear they gave me medium) and kind of water-logged. I'm guessing it was from being frozen. My gf ordered a king crab appetizer, but half the meat was like opaque white mush, I'm not sure what the problem was because it didnt smell bad or anything. They brought a new one and it was fine. Why did they give us the funky one in the first place? This place seems a little chauvinistic, as the tables with men at them seemed to get better service. Sadly, this kind of macho discrimination seems all too common at these kinds if places.
I got crabs this past weekend in Vegas...Joe's Stone Crabs, that is; what else did you think I was talking about?! . . This was my first time having stone crab claws & I thought they were just so-so. The texture was a little like a flakey white fish, dense & less sweet than Dungeness crab meat (my fave kind.) At over $10 per Large claw (an order comes with five), a taste of Joe's does not come cheap. And the mustard sauce (spicy from the horseradish) was good, but I'm going to call 'overhyped' on their namesake dish. . . The three of us also shared a crab cake entree ($24, too much breadcrumb filler), a salad & the 'Second Mortgage' appetizer ($16) which was the best thing we tried. I especially liked the jumbo prawn & shrimp & scallop ceviche that was included in the appetizer. . . Service from everyone we encountered was five stars-- very professional, but given that I've had better crab cakes at The Palm a few doors down & the stone crabs hit my wallet pretty hard, I'm giving their food a lukewarm three stars.. . Getting (stone) crabs in Vegas-- not so yummy.
I made the mistake of eating king crab legs the previous night, so I was pretty much crabbed out by the time we arrived at Joe's.. . I rallied and was able to order a crabcake appetizer, yay, though it wasn't as good as the previous evening's crabcake appetizer---boo.. . I ended up with the mahi mahi and it was excellent.  The sides that we went with were the mashed potatoes and the asparagus, the mashed potatoes were BLAND, one tablemate was pouring his clarified butter leftover from his lobster onto the potatoes and the rest of us were adding salt & pepper.  One person suggested that maybe they were instant.  I don't know about going that far, but they were blah.. . Our waiter definitely had an attitude, just a "holier than though" type of person so it wasn't a great dining experience overall, too bad.  . . We had dessert too, but I've completely forgotten what it was.  Oh, and we were charged for the wrong glasses of scotch that we had at the end of the meal.  When you're paying $400 for dinner what's $4, but still---get it right.
outpost doesn't measure up. . . Wins: ahi tuna salad, seafood platter, peppermint ice cream. . Fail: oysters
Went there the other night with co-workers.  Didn't have a reservation but the maitre'd worked us in anyways.  Cool start.  The place was very busy but the service was still quite attentive.. . The food was delicious - I had the crab cakes which was a VERY generous helping of lump crab with just enough filler to bind it together.  The food took a long time to deliver because of the crowd but was worth the wait.. . Price was - it really wasn't bad by Vegas standards.  Will go back again.
I was a bit nervous about this place.  It was a little too hyped up for my liking.  I mean, what's so special about cold crab legs?  Well, not much really.  Don't get me wrong, they're actually really sweet, succulent, and quite tasty w/ the Dijonnaise they give you, but I guess I never understood the appeal of cold seafood.  I need my crab with onion and ginger or salt and pepper.  Must be a white thing.  :) I did feel compelled to quickbuy some Hall & Oates on itunes after consuming.... . Also had the bone in rib eye...tender, cooked just right and I really liked the extra spice rub that they give you.. . The key lime and coffee was a great way to end the meal.. . Total was about $100/per incl. tax/tip/drinks.  Not bad for Vegas, but I Can't Go for That (No Can Do) and will be trying some other stuff next time out...
I been dreaming of Joe's crabcakes since I last had them over two years ago. We came back for NC's 30th bday dinner. We dined in what looked like a small conference room. Service was good.. Foodwise:. Stonecrab legs: Very delicious. 5/5. Crabcakes: Although it was packed with crabmeat, it was not quit what I remembered it to be. It tasted just alright. 3/5. Filet: It was a tad charred on the outside. 3.5/5. Creamed spinach: very good 5/5. Mashed tatoes: 4/5. Maybe it was an off day for them. Overall Joe's portions are sizable and their prices are very reasonable for the quality of food.
Had a 6:30 Saturday evening reservation for an anniversary celebration.  The host wished us a happy anniversary when he looked up our reservation.  We were seated right on time.   Waiter was attentive and helpful.  Ordered a bottle of champagne and started with crab-cake appetizer and Caesar salad.  The crab-cake was very good except for one piece of lump crab that was slightly fishy.  Caesar salad was excellent.  However before we finished half of the appetizers they delivered our main courses.  As soon as our waiter noticed (he did not deliver the main courses) he came over.  We mentioned that never in all of our dinning experiences in up scale restaurants had we had our main courses delivered while we were still eating our appetizers.  By the way, we are reasonably fast eaters and were not dawdling other than to enjoy the champagne with the appetizers.  Our waiter apologized and took the main courses away.. . Once we finished the appetizers he brought our main courses- the large size stone crabs and Joe's famous scallops.  The stone crab claws were excellent, the scallops uninspired.. . We finished with one of their key lime pies and one of their coconut pies.  Both excellent.  Though we were surprised that no mention was made of our anniversary by the waiter nor a token candled cupcake as was delivered to a few nearby tables in celebration of birthdays.. . So all in all an OK experience marred by the rush delivery of our main course.  Certainly not what we expect when spending several hundred dollars on a dinner.
Came here just to try the Stone Crab.  . . Tried the Stone Crab, Manhattan Clam Chowder, and the Stone Crab Bisque.  Stone Crab is not as easy to eat as they do on TV.  A lot of cartilage and broken shells to contend with.  By itself, the flavor was fine but the Mustard sauce really made it.  I think I'd rather have dungeness crab, more economical.  Manhattan Chowder was OK,  Bisque was a bit rich and a bit salty for my taste.  What else do you expect from something that came from the sea, you ever drank seawater?  . . We sat in the bar area which made the atmosphere busy.  Service was quick.  It is a good place to try, but I won't repeat.  I'm wonder if it didn't appear that great to me because of the hype and expectation I was given, with this restaurant and especially stone crab.  I would be great to try it again but there are a lot of places left to try in Vegas.  Not enough time and not enough money.
Our waiter was fantastic and helpful, and probably the best part of our meal.. . I got Joe's "famous" scallops, though what they're famous for I'm not sure. Don't get me wrong, they were pretty good, but really nothing special. Just scallops. Literally-- just. scallops. My mom enjoyed her stonecrab, but the steaks my dad and boyfriend ordered were both WAY undercooked. They ordered medium rare, and got steaks that were pretty much bleeding. . . None of the entrees come with side dishes, so you order those and share. We found them all to be just okay.. . It was a fine meal, but I'm not in any hurry to go back.
I didn't find anything too special about the place.  It's like any steakhouse I feel like.  I do enjoy the idea of having shared sides but my steak was A-OK.  We had the crabcakes as appetizers which was meaty with crabs and raw oysters were fresh.  I had the filet mignon and like I said, nothing too special.  We all shared the garlic creamed spinach, Jennie's mashed potatoes, and the roasted corn.  I liked the corn the most. That's all there was to it really.
I have to admit, the key lime pie ($6.95) was terrific.  But the seafood, which I thought was their specialty, was just so so.  The scallops ($24.95) tasted kind of dirty.  And the stone crab ($42.95) was nothing special.  I'm not a big fan of their mushroom sauce, so maybe that has something to do with it.  If I go again, I'm going to try to get some good, old melted butter.. . We also tried the vegetable chopped salad ($13.95), which was a lot smaller than I thought it would be, but chock full of vegetables and pretty tasty.  The pretzel bread was pretty good, but cold.  :(. . Keep in mind, about half the tables are high-top so you may have to sit at one of those.  Also, they could use some dual service technique or something.  We did have a guy come down and randomly wipe down our table at odd intervals, but he didn't seem interested in helping with anything else.  So our only waitress was occupied and we had to wait longer than we wanted to order dessert and get the check.. . All in all, just A-OK.
Call & made a reservation for 10pm. Got there just a few minutes early. Waited about 5 mins. There was a lot of tables available but they gave us a table all the way inside. Our server was very nice and explain all the specials to us and when ordering our food she also explain some of the dishes. We order the stone crabs & she told us it wasn't in season but they still have some. (very good the stone crabs) Order the seafood salad (seafood part was good but the salad seems like a lot of left over chopped up =\) Order the Jumbo Shrimp it was a bit over cook & salty, also the SHRIMP SCAMPI with Linguine was salty toO, The salmon was toO well done =\ barely any favor =T sigh, (had to use the stone crab sauce for the salmon) Order another fish dish it taste like teriyaki sauce on it.
Dined at Joes for the first time on 12/20/2011.  Fantastic ambiance, my man told the staff it was my birthday and  the 2 of us got seated at a huge banquet with a view of it all.  The waiter was fantastic until about 1/2 way through when he forgot about us totally.  Even the couple next to us got fed up waiting for him and demanded their check from someone else, stood up in the dining room and waited for it, announcing their frustration.  That's the reason for the 3 stars instead of 4 because the food was really wonderful.  I had the Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail and the Chopped Seafood salad with Alaskan King Crab, Lobster and Shrimp.  Really generous seafood on the really yummy salad.  My man had the 16 oz ribeye which was cooked to perfection, he loved it.  The Key Lime Pie, top notch, maybe the best I've ever had outside of Miami.  . . Disappointment, no mention of happy birthday from our waiter, and no desert or anything special besides the good seating.. . Does everyone come to Vegas and say it's their birthday?. . Go to Joe's for the food but the service, can't rely on it.  This is the slowest week of the year in Vegas....imagine when it's busy?
We usually stop here and get the Banana Creme Pie with Fosters Sauce to go and head on over to Casa Fuente Cigar Shop. . . The BC Pie always lives up to the reputation.  I have yet to be disappointed by it.. . Only at 3 stars because I've only had the desert and not a full sit down experince.
Pricey but nothing unexpected for the strip. LOVE the convenience of having valet right outside the restaurant since the far parking is the main reason I loathe going to Caesars. . . Started out w a great bread basket. We split the veggie chopped salad which was surprisingly good and huge. Stone crab bisque was disappointingly ordinary but I really liked that they brought out the bowl with crab and veggies, then added the bisque tableside. Genius way to make sure everybody gets the same amount of crab. . . We shared the steak sandwich - unexpectedly 3 little sliders vs 1 regular sandwich. Thick slices of tender medium rare steak. Maybe not worth $17 but it was damn good. We also shared the 8oz filet with sides - super fresh tasting charred sweet corn, sauteed broccolini and mac & cheese. Perfect char and seasoning on the steak but sides were just average, I wouldn't say any were really worth the calories or $  . . No time for dessert since we were headed to absinthe but the menu looked great. The place was packed for a Thursday, service was pretty good although a waiter did shoulder check me on our way out without an excuse me, but fuckit. . . Bill for 3 including a bottle of wine was $160 before tip. Not somewhere I NEED to return to, but it was overall a good experience
Wife and I had dinner here on 4/2/12. We had extremely high hopes after reading the reviews. The dining room is nice but plain.Nothing to confuse the purpose. our server JJ was the consummate professional. Service was excellent, spot on, true, knowledgeable and still friendly.. Appetizer....Stone crabs. We ordered the medium size claws. I really do not see what the big hoopla is all about. Not nearl;y as tasty as dungeness, not as meaty as Alaskan King, and not as flavorful assoft shell blue. So ehh..so so at best on those. . The bread....EXCELLENT. Except come on Joe's take the pre baked dinner roll out of the basket it does not belong with the other bread selections.. Crab cake......Very very good along with the Joes Mustard sauce. Well done ALOT of crab and cooked perfectly.. Wifes Shrimp scampi was excellent. Flavorful, fresh and well garnished and served appealing.. Lyonnaise potatoes....Both wife and i agreed they were as good as it gets. PERFECT.. Asparagus...over done and too soft but still passable.. Key lime pie....You can and should do better. It was so so at best and still partially frozen.....not what we expected nor should have expected from this caliber of restaurant.
Stone crabs: love!  sweet and succulent.   When I have Alaskan king crab legs at buffets, the meat tastes salted; there is no taste of artificial flavors in these!. . If you like a steak (filet) at Flemings or Maestros; pass on the filet here.  It's still a USDA prime cut, the filet really lacks in flavor.  Consider it "healthy".  Don't expect a buttery dish or a steak full of flavor.. . Take a pass on the mac and cheese and corn.  The server will sell you on these items; making them appear to be the best thing in the world; but I beg to differ.. . Great service!
Maybe it just wasn't MY day, but the restaurant was OK.. Not bad, but nothing special.. Loved their beet salad.. The crab legs were fine... Cant say that I really like the staff there. . Not sure if I come back there.
Not as good as the hype but a decent seafood place.  As with everything in Vegas, it's pricy.  The service is very good, the stone crab appetizer is nice, I'm more of a Dungeness guy myself, but it seemed fresh, interesting mustard sauce served with it, not real enthused about that one.  My meal was decent, a seafood chop salad.  In all, not somewhere I would rave about or tell anyone it's a must.  There's a place about 50 feet away that has a great rawbar, good seafood, less crowds and a better vibe.  I'll review that place later!
There are two places I must visit while in Vegas - Joe's Seafood and Vosges Haut-Chocolat. I always order the seafood salad and its always excellent. . . Probably due to the economy, they charge the same amount, but changed the salad so its now "chopped" with tons of veggies. When it arrived, I had to look hard for the 6 pieces of seafood that were in it. Very disappointing. . . I can say their white glove service is always excellent and you'll never have a hard time finding a waiter.
This is a very nice location but I feel like it was over priced. . . They are located in Caesars Palace and it is very cute.. . My boyfriend brought me here after coming with his friends and he thought it was just great.  The portions are huge!!! but the taste was not as great as I thought. It was still good but not oh my god i had a delisha-gasm. The server was very nice and always made sure we were alright. I just feel like I could have gotten a better meal for the price I paid.
Was in Vegas this week for a convention and went to Joes my first night.  Sat at the bar and waited for my party of 10 to show up and enjoyed a drink with my Sweetie.  Even though there were about 10 servers milling around I had to get up and go to the bar to get my own drink.  The drink was great, and the atmosphere of the bar and dining room was very nice and welcoming.. Sat down to the table and met our waiter who was very nice and gave us the history of the restaurant and suggested some appetizers and entrees since it was our first visit .  We started off with the Stone Crab Claws which were out of this world and the Mustard Dipping Sauce was from the heavens.  We also had the Shrimp De Jonge which was ok.. I had the Ribeye which was OK, nothing fantastic.  It was a bit on the small side for a Bone In Ribeye, but since I was still on east coast time so it was really late.  Sweetie had the Sea Bass and liked it.  The side dishes were also very nice we had the Lyonaise Potatoes, creamed spinach, sweet potato fries, onion straws and maybe one other, all were tasty.. For dessert someone ordered the Peanut Butter Pie which was VERY tasty and to call it rich would be an understatement.  Since there was 10 of us they added a percentage to the bill for a tip, which is normal but then the waiter made a point to let the member of our party that was paying know that he had to share the tip with the other people who participated in our service so it was customary to add more so that he gets his fair share.  I thought this was tasteless and uncalled for he was also pretty persistent about it and it left a bad taste in my mouth.. This meal was nice, and I would go back for the stone crab claws.  There were parts that were great and parts that were not so great about this experience.
My husband was very happy with their lobster and steak combo meal, definitely worth the $65 he says, well, everyone is entitled with his or her opinions.  I tasted it.  They are good but not phenomenal.   . . My 9 year old had 3 of their baked potatoes with chives and butter, they are good but then what doesn't taste good with load of butter? . . My older son scored!  his caesar salad was the best to me.  It had the perfect balance of flavors, delicious.  . . I was the least lucky one for the night.  I had a TERRIBLE TIME!  All because I started with the half-dozen oysters, which were not what I had expected.  First of all, they tasted bitter! The flavor didn't improve after I dipped them in the sauce it came with.  As a seasoned oyster sampler, I know the good fresh oysters don't need any sauce or dipping, they are good on their own.. . Secondly, they were tiny. I'm talking about the actual meat part.  One of them was the size of my thumb nail, no kidding.  . . And worse of all, I had a very bad tummy ache right after I ate the oysters.  Ouch, ouch!. . At this point I ordered their lobster bisque, thinking it might ease my tummy ache.  But the bisque tasted so weird, it was too salty, and too sweet at same time.  And my tummy ache got worse now, I had to let my son get up so I can lay down.  That didn't help, so I asked for some very hot water. Then another pot, and another.  I was sweating profusely after 3 pots of hot piping water by now, and I was a royal mess regretting ordering that wretched oysters.  But at least I could get up and walk back to our room at the end, thank God, we are not staying at Augustus tower this time, or I have to walk more.. . I am thankful to that nice bus boy who brought me hot water. God bless u for ur sweet tender heart.  All this time, our waitress, a well-weathered one, witnessed my pain with such an indifference as if she has seen the world of suffering.  I think she was afraid if she admit i got ill from their oysters we may not pay her.  I know there are people who do that, but not us.  The bill was almost $200 with the wine, nothing was comped even with  my terrible plight.  She was very glad to take the hefty tip from us though.  . . I have never had reactions like this to the oysters before, and oysters are my favorite food if u read my profile.  It was just not my night.. . Since the rest of my family did have good meal, I am giving them a very generous 3 stars.  I would have rated them higher if the waitress didn't retort me bitterly after I gave her my feedback of the oysters and the lobster bisque each time.  Hey, waitress lady, everyone else may prefer ur tiny bitter taste oyster but I don't, is that a crime?  Also, please don't look aghast when I tell u I didn't care the lobster bisque as if I am not refined enough to appriciate ur "fine" dinning.  A decent and graceful hostess would have taken it back right away.
Joe's stone crab never lets you down! All-around fresh seafood. Oysters were not as fresh or large as the location in Miami. Sadly, I was disappointed. Seafood is good but not as amazing as Miami..but maybe it's related to the shipping route of the ingredients? . . Service is superb. All very professional, friendly, and informative. They get an A+++!
Short story the food is almost good and they give you a very good bread basket.. . Long story.. . You have to order seafood or beef here that is what they do.. . My husband ordered the rib eye sandwich and I ordered the maui maui lunch plate. My waitress suggest that I order a side dish because she thought it wouldn't be enough food so I ordered the heirloom tomatoes.. . Someone soon brings out a bread basket, I do have to say that it was a very good above average bread basket with yummy pretzel bread, a cheese and onion roll and other breads.. . We received the tomatoes and I do note that the tomatoes were stunning great tomatoes but I hated the vinaigrette because it had chunks of gelatin in it and I thought that was gross. My husband didn't mind the chunks of gelatin so some people might like it that way. I was able to eat the tomatoes if I scraped the gelatin chunks off.. . We receive the meals and my husband said the rib eye was pretty good but had a lot of butter poured on it. My maui maui was nice and fresh but was DROWNING in butter. The jicama slaw that came with my meal was almost good but I couldn't eat it after I tasted it because it was totally oil saturated.. . If you like LOTS of BUTTER or OIL with your food and a great bread basket EAT AT JOE'S!
.... just kinda So-So!    This is probably my 20th time coming to this restaurant and for some reason the claws were a little bit 'blah'.  They were smashed beyond recognition and were just overall whimpy. We bought the medium size which are normally sweet, plump and perfect.   But, after this experiance --- if I go back, maybe the Large Size is the only way to go for better quality.    My favorite salad there is the BLT -- Very Yum and they are always nice to split it for me and my husband. --- and the sides are always good --- creamed spinach and lyonaise potatoes!  They also have some reasonable price wine by the bottles that are very good.   I just wish the crab was more crab-a-licious.....
The shrimp scampi was a little bland and I had to add salt. The shimps were so big that I got pretty full quick. . The bacon wrapped scallops were delish! . It was a little pricey, but what do you expect in Vegas.
The cole slaw was great, so was the fried calamari appetizer. This could be a great place... with my dentist! The crab claws are cold. Their shells aren't just cracked, they are SHATTERED with little bits unavoidably ending up in your teeth and mouth. It makes for a good diet when you're scared to chew the food!
Dined here with a party of 8 people and we were given the special table in the back room.  Great service but oddly the room had a large TV in it.  The stone crabs are very good and the scallops wrapped in bacon was fine.  I'd stay away from the broccoli side dish as it was oddly spiced, but the smashed potatoes were excellent.  I recommend the key lime pie for dessert; definitely the best I've had.
I want to start off by saying that this is really more of a 3.5 than a straight 3 (Silly Yelp and it's refusal to allow for half-stars...). . I really enjoyed our evening at Joe's. I had never had stone crabs, and the claws we ordered were good, and the dipping sauce was completely addictive.. . I ordered the salmon au poivre, and it was truly lovely. The fish was perfectly cooked, and the fennel and radish salad was refreshing and the perfect complement to the salmon. Other dishes at our table included two filets (perfectly cooked and seasoned) and one liver-and-onions. There's not a lot to be done about the texture, but the flavor of the liver and sauce was nice.. . We decided on the pan roasted sweet corn, cole slaw, and celery root au gratin for the side dishes. The best part of the corn was all the smokey flavor of grilled corn without all the crap that gets caught in your teeth. The cole slaw is bright and vinegary, something I appreciated since I don't love mayo. The au gratin was a nice change from potato.. . We concluded our meal with a slice of the signature key lime pie, which had one of the best graham cracker crusts I've ever had. . . It was a nice meal, and everything was satisfying, so why three stars? Overall, it was a delicious meal, but a few things stuck out. For one, the crabs were great, but I'm not sure I felt like they were worth the $60. The au gratin was definitely under-seasoned, and I suspect that the pie was previously frozen because it certainly seemed frosty in the middle. Our server was nice, but he seemed to be reading from a script at times, and I was a little frustrated in his answers at points. . . I would consider coming back to Joe's, but there are other places I'd rather try in the meantime.
I would really rate our overall experience as 3.5 stars...(Yelp really needs to let us give half star ratings! ). . We ordered the following: stone crab claws appetizer, rib-eye, petite filet, 1lb grilled lobster tail, with sides of mushroom/spinach/asparagus. . . Compared to other establishments of this caliber their food was a hit & miss for us that night. The filet was perfectly cooked, but the quality of the rib-eye wasn't that great. It was a little on the chewy & slightly stringy side. The rib-eye at Gallagher's in NY NY hotel was better. . . The chilled stone crab claws were pleasantly sweet & delicious, but we felt that they were quite overpriced (~$25 for two claws). The 1lb lobster tail was cooked well, but lacked the subtle charred/smokey flavor that I love from a grilled lobster tail. As for the sides of mushroom, asparagus, & spinach...all three were overly salty. They also forgot our bread basket which they immediately remedied as soon as we asked about it. . . Other than that our server was great (4 stars for service) & we still enjoyed a nice dinner. Our total bill including tip came to $250, but we will be trying other steakhouses/restaurants first before coming back here.
Another great dinner at Joes Stone Crab.  I had the stone crab of course, sauteed spinach with garlic - everything was fresh and perfectly prepared.  Service was impeccable and the place is very comfortable.
Very fair.  Went with waiter's recs & shouldn't have. Joe's in Florida so much better.
Maybe it was the fact it was lunch, or that I kept weighing it with the location in Miami... or maybe that it was so crowded and there was an accident (someone dropped a glass that shattered while moving around the crowded outer patio seating... but I didnt enjoy it as much as I would have had.  The food was good, by all means, but maybe it wasnt the day I should've gone.
The atmosphere & service was great. Our food was good, but didn't impress me very much. We had oysters on the half shell, rock crab, and stone crab. I guess they're both stone crab, but the rock crab is from a specific area. They both tasted the same to me. The best part is that they are very large, so it's super easy to get the crab meat out. I love crab and may have had too high expectations on the crab. It tasted good, but not any better than crab at a different seafood restaurant. The oysters were delicious and fresh.
You make me dance, bring me up, bring me down, plays it sweet. Make me move like a freak, Mr. Saxobeat.. Makes me dance, brings me up, brings me down, plays it sweet. Makes me move like a freak at...JOE'S SEAFOOD! - Alexandra Stan (mr. saxobeat). . Maybe I didn't get enough sleep the night before, maybe it was the wait on the runway flying here that seemed like an eternity, maybe it was the taxi driver that took a super long route to get to our hotel, or maybe the stone crabs just didn't live up to expectations. . . The main reason I chose to dine here over other steakhouses for the night (also because Tom Colicchio's new Heritage Steakhouse at the Mirage, which was supposed to open in July, hasn't yet --- August 19th straight from his twitter *crossing fingers*) was for the STONE CRABS. Look at the pictures, they look soooo gooood. I called them earlier in the day and they said I had em, in which case I was excited to try these bad boys. It was fortunate I made reservations in advance, this place was packed. . . When it came time to order, we asked about the infamous stone crabs and were told that they were frozen and she suggested another type of crab legs. The fact that she recommended something else made me a little hesitant but if we came here for the stone crabs, we're gonna get em no matter what. Turned out to be a bit of a mistake, as they were served noticeably thawed and while they were easy to peel, they lacked the WOW factor I was hoping for. I was told before I ordered them that they weren't in season right now and I understood the risk, so i take full responsibility for us not having the best first stone crab experience. I kinda wish I knew when I called in earlier though that they were frozen...oh wells.. . I ordered the salmon, which was okay and nothing special. The steak looked really good and the house sea salt mixture that they brought with it was supposedly 'game changing.' Unfortunately, I was just too tired from everything that happened earlier that day that I wasn't in the mood for steak and didn't get to try it. We ordered some sides as well but I don't remember what they were LOL (i do remember sweet corn...that was good) Almost forgot but the lobster salad was very fresh and was big enough to share.. . The restaurant itself is nicely lit and was very busy, even as we were leaving. I might come back another day when the stone crabs are in season and I'll order the steak, as it seemed to be well prepared. For now, I am earnestly waiting to try Heritage steakhouse when I head back in September.
Sigh ... I hate it when I have to give a place a so so review because of service personnel and not the food.  I had a crab bisque, and my fellow eaters had a shrimp dish and an ahi dish .  We were all happy with that part.  It was the cocktail issue that had me like ... what?. . In most places, bar, restaurant, arenas, wherever, when you order a double, you pay more.  Duh, makes sense.  But in VERY few places if any, does a double LITERALLY mean double the price.  Ask the people at the Cirque shows who will sell you a single cocktail for 12 or a MONSTER for 18.  Anyway, the point is, had the waitress been clear, we would have had no issue.  But when you say, "You want a double?  You only pay a little more," you are misleading your customers.  One thing is 12 to 18; another is when you pay $1 under twice the amount for a double.  Really?  Who you fooling there?  I repeat, had you been clear on this whole thing, then it would have been up to us to take it or leave it, but don't mislead your guests with such nonsense.  At the end of the day, I can drink cheaper and better in 10,000 other places in Las Vegas.  Markup on wine and liquor at a place like this is expected, but that is just ridiculous.
Tried this place for the first time on Sat night.    None of us were impressed.  Tried appetizers. Oysters Rockefeller.   Lots and lots of cheese and spinach, overkill.   One did not have the oyster or it was too small to identify.   They brought my soup with the appetizer, not as requested.   I had the shrimp cocktail for my meal, four medium shrimp, very good.  The guys had halibut, very, very dry.   Grilled on top, crunchy and dry, dry, dry inside.   No flavor.  Stone crab was OK, seemed to me they might have been frozen as they were stringy in texture.  Save your money.   We will not be back.   Too expensive for quality of  food
It was a nce meal but for the price I was not overly impressed.  The crab cakes were very good but my steak was nothing special.
Service was good but not great.  Food was okay.  For the same range of prices this was my least favorite meal of any restaurant I've been at.
Stone crab was out of season when we came, so unfortunately none were on the menu.  I had the tuna tartar which was ok.  But the miso glazed bass was very delicious!  I tried my friend's seared ahi tuna main dish but I wasn't too into the flavours.  Key lime pie was delicious but too much crust.
4 star for food (even we did not have their famous crabs!). 2 star for service.. . We went there for a corporation dinner... So our menu is prefixed.. We had sate mushroom and shrimps for appetizers. Salmon, ahi tuna, fillet mignon, and crab cakes for main dishes. They are all great. . For desert, we had lime cake, chocolate cake and apple pie. To my surprise, even though the pie looks quite homemade but is so tasty and to die for! . I have has their crabs at their OG Joe's in Miami so... no question, crab is their specialty!. . However, our servers were very rude and scolded at everyone when we asked for drinks (diet coke instead of regular coke, tea in stead of coffee, really?!) and when some people wanted to use their same utensils in stead of changing new utensils! The food were dropped in front of you.... . So, even the crabs are awesome, I would be afraid to come back to this place... Who needs to be schooled about utensils, eating too much bread before your meals or whatever... . There are so many other great restaurants in Caesar Palace alone and on the strip...!
I love Joe's the food is amazing!!!! Lunch or dinner you can't go wrong. .        That being said the valet out front is horrendous. I know its run by the forum shops and not Joe's;  but perception is everything..          Went to Joe's back in September.  The gentleman that came to get our keys was so rude that my friend wouldn't let him park the car. She brought it further away to a different valet and had to walk back to Joe's. .            Friday evening I went back to Joe's and went to valet. Well my sunglasses were stolen. This was there second strike. I know you might think of she probably lost them, but I assure you they were in the car..             I am very well aware of the fact Joe's does not run valet but it is the only convenient way to together.  One shot in the door. No hassles of crowds.
The food tasted amazing. Really, some of the best Sea Bass I've ever had. But the service was lacking. They rushed us through the whole meal just to turn the table. I'm talking literally taking plates away when people are still eating. Left a bad taste in my mouth.
