I've read about the hype of this restaurant since my first visit here 6 years ago.  After moving here four years ago, I decided to give it a try.  My first visit was fairly good.  The place was packed.  The decor plain with tons of celebrities on the wall.. . My second visit was probably two years ago.  I went with my boyfriend on a date night.  I decided to try some of the more interesting stuff, like tripe, etc.  Of course I was the only one eating these items as my boyfriend is a burger and fries kind of guy.  I think he ordered the Pad Thai.  I made him try a couple of bites.  I'm not sure what I ordered but it was good going down.. . A perfect date is not complete without a walk by the Bellagio fountain, which I insisted on.  However, not ten minutes after dinner, I warned my boyfriend that we needed to find a bathroom NOW!  My stomach hurt so badly I was afraid I wasn't going to make it.  We stopped at the first bathroom after the Bellagio self-park as I sat on the toilet balled over in pain.  We walked through the casino and I ran into the bathroom again only minutes later.  We caught a quick fountain show and I ran into the bathroom again.  That's three trips in ten minutes.  I'm sure the security guards thought I had a different "problem".  After we made it home, my boyfriend finally got going and spent a good part of the night in the bathroom.  Talkabout pain.. . I'm not sure what I had eaten that had caused the upset stomach and, I have to say, I was really disappointed.  I will try it again but if I spend another night in the bathroom . . .
A solid three stars as the hype had me expecting to be blown away all the way to Thailand. Not the case but I would say we made it half way there. . . Our table of 6 had a wide selection of apps and main dishes and everyone was pleased. Again, nothing stood out as way above average but not bad at all. . . Mark this one up as a great excuse to get off the strip and head to a strip mall for some good thai food. Enjoy!
This review is base on their lunch buffet only, I have not been to this restaurant for dinner yet. Anyway, they have lunch buffet for around 9 buck from Monday to Friday and their items changes each day, and that's where the rating will vary. I have been to their buffet on each of the day of the week and I have to say the quality went from one extreme to the other. For example, Tuesday would be a best day to go, when they have coconut based soup, egg omelet, et..., follow by Friday, when they have duck soup. Worst day to go would be Wednesday. By the way,  I was hesitating between 3 stars and 4 stars, but finally decided on 3 stars because their food kinda went downhill a little bit after their expansion.
OKay, I have been here many times before and normally i owuld give LOtus a 5. I love tha thtey have made the ambience way better and explanded the place. That said, they made their food much spicier. I normally get 7s or 8s and I got the food as a 7. (Green Curry). i have never had such an unpleasant experience in my life. I started CRYING right there at the table. My mouth was literally in pain!!! I NEVER EVER send food back but we had to send it back caz it was AWFUL!!!! SOOO We did. We sent it back. Guess what they did!?!?! They took out the chilis and didnt re make anything and brought the same dish back. I couldn't eat anyway so we left and brought it home (thinkign that it would improve after my moth calmed down). JUST AS BAD at home the next day. So i called and complained to the manager. They were nice enough to offer me a free green curry on my next visit. They did that. But they were still unbelivably rude. No sincere apology or anything. Anyway, last time i go there
Our recent lunch trip to Lotus was fine, not great, not bad, but fine. . . Both ordered off of the menu, shipped the buffet. The catfish soup had a nice flavor. The pork larb salad was nothing to write home about.. . This was the first Asian restaurant I've been to where you get charged for a refill of hot tea. Oh well.. . The wine selection looked extensive and the restaurant was bustling.
Still very good after all these years.  My complaints are the waiting area still sucks, the service is just adequate and the hours for a Vegas off the beaten path joint are horrible.  . . All good though.  Tom Yum Goong is still one of the best.
This is good Thai food, but a little overpriced if you ask me.. .  I asked one of my Thai friends who's also a chef on the strip what he thought of Lotus of Siam, he said, "Well... I'd eat it." he went on to say Archi's is much more authentic, well priced, and better overall. . . I think I'll try Archi's next time I'm hungry for Thai food.
I don't know what the hype is all about but this is not authentic Thai food.  Is the food good?  Most of the time yes (depends on the dish) but it's not authentic Thai.
3.5 stars. . Lotus of Siam has probably become one of the most famous Thai restaurants in the country, if not the most. Not too long ago, it was one of those hidden finds off the touristy Las Vegas Strip. Thanks to rave reviews from people across the country, as well as attention from the James Beard Foundation, the restaurant is squarely on everyone's radar.. . GARLIC BLACK PEPPER CHICKEN WINGS - These were very crunchy and probably a bit overcooked. Surprisingly, I also found them rather bland. I'm curious if perhaps we received the wrong order, as there wasn't really any noticeable black pepper.. . STUFFED CHICKEN WINGS - These wings were better, stuffed with some pork. Really meaty with a nice, light crunch to them. These weren't as moist as I thought they could've been though.. . TOM KAH KAI (Bangkok Style) - I'm actually not at all familiar with this soup, but it was popular on Yelp. It didn't look like the most appetizing thing, but it was pretty good. There was a little bit of heat here, balanced by some lime juice and the coconut milk. Kind of reminiscent of a Chinese hot & sour soup. Kind of.. . COMBINATION BEEF NOODLE SOUP - My mother was craving some soup noodles, however this was a little too spicy for her. It had a lingering spice that seemed to compound.  The broth had a lot of beefy depth, and I really liked the noodles here. Comforting.. . SEA BASS DRUNKEN NOODLES - Wonderful dish. The sea bass was excellent. Lightly fried, the fish was moist and flavorful with just a little bit of crispiness. The noodles were very good as well, with some heat from the chili and a nice herbal sweetness from the basil.. . I don't know a whole lot about Thai food so it's hard for me to really draw comparisons. I found this to be a pretty good meal, with the drunken noodles and sea bass to be a big highlight.
The most overrated Thai restaurant in the country welcomes back Dan P.!  I was encouraged by the likes of Ryan D. and new acquaintances at Khoury's to give the "best" Thai restaurant in Vegas another chance.  So I made my third visit.  Today, Lotus redeemed a star.  However, I am sorry to say that its still overrated and I doubt I will return for a fourth visit.  We had the roast duck curry, the green curry with beef, and the pad see ew.. . My favorite was the roast duck curry.  This is the dish that has inspired other restaurants like Thai BBQ and Stick E Rice to make the Americanized red curry with cherry tomatoes, grapes, and pineapples.  I think they both do it better.  The curry was sweet, but had some flavor to back it up.  The portion was ridiculously small, and the duck meat, while good quality, was skimpy.  This is an above average, Americanized duck curry that I guess I would recommend if you aren't familiar with authentic Thai food.. . Next up was the pad see ew with pork.  The pork was a bit tough, but nothing to complain about.  What little Chinese broccoli there was in this dish, wasn't rotten this time, so that was a plus.  This is a very saucy pad see ew, and sweetened.  Good for the general public, I suppose.  Not a bad dish, but I prefer a drier pad see ew.  You can get a much better version of this next door at Komol with huge portions of fresh Chinese broccoli.. . And on to today's joke, the green curry.  This is one of the weaker green curries I have had. The beef was a little on the tough side.  There was potential with well balanced and interesting spices in the curry, but the curry itself lacked any real backbone or character.  It was quite watery in taste.  I had to add chili powder to make it enjoyable.  If you are a fan of green curry, you might want to skip this one.  Again, the portion was small.  . . As with most Americanized Thai restaurants, don't be afraid to order really spicy to have a bit of heat.  I could eat a 10 here and not break a sweat.. . LoS gains a star for not having rotten Chinese broccoli, and taking that terrible Northern Red Curry off of their new menu.  Unfortunately, this place is still on the bottom of my list as far as Thai restaurants in Vegas go.
Lots and lots of accolades over the years.  Have been here many many times and stopped by the other day and figured a review is warranted.  It's okay.  What can I say.  The place closes so early, has a wait in a hallway that fits three people and there's a wait and they use so much butter that the flavors of traditional Thai are lost.  . . I like it.  Nice curry.  Tom Yung is good.  The wine list is relative to the cuisine and good.  But it is what it is.  A casual, fair-priced Thai bistro. . . I hear tourists caught up in the myth of Zagat saying it is the best restaurant in Vegas.  That's just plain foolhardy.  If this place was open late night it would be better but Chinatown is no further and the selections are better.  . . No knocks.  Just not going to get silly over the place.
This place boasts itself as being the absolute best Thai restaurant in Las Vegas. As a matter of fact, as you walk in, there are a number of awards, accolades and write ups about this place.. . I came with a friend so we ordered three dishes to split between us, two entres and one appetizer.. . To start with, we ordered the stuffed chicken wings. These were my least favorite out of what we ordered. They lacked seasoning in my opinion.. . Next, we ordered the Sweet and Sour chicken and the beef Pad Thai. Both of these dishes were terrific. The Pad Thai came with thinner style noodles than I normall expect with Pad Thai, but still, very good!. . I wasn't particularly crazy about the service, as we didn't have a clear cut server, they kept changing, so we weren't sure who to ask for what. Also, their prices are sort of high for Thai food, but maybe it's because I'm comparing it to LA?. . Overall, not bad, I'd actually go again, but who knows, with so many incredible dining options in Vegas, it just may be a while before I do.. . Food: 3.5. Ambience: 2.5. Service: 3. Value: 3
I thought it was good, but for all the reviews here, it was not extraordinary.  I liked the NorthernThai dishes, and I enjoyed the meal, but what with the renaissance of Thai food in the Tenderloin, this was a pricey choice for a meal that usually is pretty terrific in San Francisco at a much lower cost.  (If you are looking for non-casino, go with Raku.)
So after dinner I had a huge discussion with my friend Angela who lives here in Vegas about this place.  I mean, this place has gotten crazy reviews from everyone about being the best Thai place not only in Vegas but also North America.  And I walked out of this place thinking it was good, but definitely not amazing.  And I went on a Friday night.  We were thinking that maybe I didn't get their best chef-but who doesn't use their best chef on a Friday night?. . Well, I went with 4 other friends and we ordered a lot of different types of food.  We started with Tom Kah Kai which is a traditional coconut chicken soup almost every Thai restaurant makes.  It's ok.  Not great.  I've definitely had better.  I was a little surprised.  And I got myself a Thai tea.  Same thing, wasn't great.  Have definitely had much better.. . We then got a spicy salad.  I don't remember which one.  This I liked more but only because it was really, really spicy.  Spicy and salads is a rare mix and it worked out with this salad.  But most my friends couldn't handle the spice.  I could barely handle it myself to be honest.  . . We got a pad thai noodle dish, a pineapple fried rice and a fried sea bass dish.  Maybe, we got some more things though honestly I don't remember the rest.  Really tells you something when I can't quite remember what we ordered.  It's simply because the food wasn't that remarkable.  The sea bass was crazy disappointing.  I though we were getting an entire sea bass and only got a small cut of it.  I almost flipped the table over when they served the sea bass especially as it was the most expensive dish we got. $30 for this one plate.  Crazy, absolutely do not order this.  Completely overpriced.  You go to any other authentic Asian restaurant you're getting a whole fish for that kind of price.  Actually, you're getting a whole fish for less than that price.. . So overall I was not impressed with this place.  Did I get the wrong chef?  I don't know.  I doubt different chefs are going to give you different portions of the fish-this is for sure.  So I thought the food was good and I wouldn't tell people to avoid this place.  But at the same time I don't think I'd come back here unless I was going with someone who'd eaten here multiple times and knew exactly which dishes to order and which ones not to.
I went here based on a recommendation from a friend and thought this place was okay. Not in the best location, but surprisingly nice inside.. . Definitely satisfied my Thai craving.. . I won't be back because I still prefer Archie's (the older one) my favorite thai joint in Vegas.  .
Coming from NYC, I've had my fair share of Thai food throughout the years and while this place is above average in some aspects, I wouldn't say it is anywhere near hands down the best as it is really hit or miss depending on what dishes you order. For a restaurant to be considered the "best" for its cuisine, class, etc.--everything you order should be exceptional or at least above average.. . That being said, the drunken seafood noodle was definitely a hit. Absolutely delicious. I love spicy food so I got it at an 8 on their 1 - 10 spicy scale and it was perfect for me! Although an 8 would probably be way too spicy for most...if you eat spicy food reguarly, a 5 or 6 would probably be good enough. If you eat American-ized "spicy," go for 2 - 3.. . We also ordered the Pad Thai, Tom Yum Noodle Soup, and Red Curry to share. Pad Thai was way below average, one of the worst / least flavorful renditions of this dish I've ever had. Tom Yum Noodle soup was well below average as well and again, one of the worst I've had of this dish. Red Curry was okay, nothing to rave or write home about but not horrible--not really my style so I rarely order this dish and can't really compare it toothers I've tried.. . I guess I'm spoiled by the countless amazingly delish, authentic, AND affordable Thai restaurants that line the streets of Manhattan and Queens in my hometown of NYC but I just don't understand all the hype about this place. I would say its worth stopping by just to say you did. Also, it may be worth coming back just for the drunken seafood noodle dish. . . Everything, other than the drunken noodle dish, is just okay at best if you're a seasoned Thai food connoisseur or even just a seasoned foodie. To me, it seems like one of those places that perhaps once was great but let the hype get to their heads. Now, all the raving reviews are from tourists who just like to hype it up for the fact that they can say they dined where all the celebrities (whose photographs line the wall) had dined.. . The Short Version:. 5 stars for Drunken Seafood Noodle. 1 star for pad thai and tom yum noodle. 3 stars for red curry. 3 stars for the long wait for a table despite there being so many empty tables open (try to call ahead and make a reservation if possible)
The food and service were fine but the extreme raves in Vegas and the NYC branch are kind of mystifying.   Because this is far from the Strip, a tourist doesn't just stumble on this restaurant, you really have to want it.  There are other comparable Thai restaurants in the USA without anywhere near the hype: Typhoon or Chaba Thai in Portland, OR ... Thai Place in Orange County, Malee's in Scottsdale,  come to mind.   We had the egg roll, Tom Yum Kai, Salmon Panang, and Drunken Noodle Seafood.  Of the bunch the salmon was the most inventive.  My biggest gripe with the meal was drunken noodle seafood use of fake crab.  If you're a James Beard award winning restaurant don't use fake crab.  I haven't had fake crab in any seafood dish at the above-mentioned restaurants, and since the other dishes seemed rather standard-good Thai, gets an A-OK.  Not likely a destination stop next time in Vegas.
What a wonderful discovery!  Thanks Ming Tsai for telling the world that the best thing you've ever eaten in Las Vegas is the Nam Prik Ong from Lotus of Siam.  I just had to try what the heck this man was talking about! My husband says Lotus of Siam is legendary in town. Well, I hadn't heard of it until Ming Tsai. . . Located in the not so flattering neighborhood of Las Vegas, I was surprised at how many patrons were there at 2pm! We were doing late lunch and was hoping to scarf as much by closing time at 2:30. I was intrigued to find that people were still filing in at this time.  . . The waiting area is compact and uncomfortable.  We waited about ten minutes until our party was called. We found the restaurant busy and bustling when we were finally seated.  The restaurant has space in contrast to the narrow entrance and waiting area.  I was pleasantly surprised to see an entire wall of wine in what seemed to be a temperature controlled cellar.  There was a lunch buffet which we did not care for at that time.. . Our server was nice and friendly and guessed correctly at my reason for ordering Nam Prik Ong.  Needless to say, I had the Nam Prik Ong while my buddy ordered Khao Soi (egg noodles in curry coconut sauce with bits of chicken). . . Verdict: Ming Tsai must have not had a lot of opportunity to eat in town.  Nam Prik Ong was good, but I wouldn't call it the best thing I've ever eaten in Las Vegas! I have to admit it is unique and I will probably not see this dish on the menu of any other Thai restaurant.  The Khao Soi was good too.  Based on the two orders we had, did I have a ridiculously spectacular dining experience? The answer is, eh. The size of the menu however allows for Thai food education that your favorite Thai delivery place will most likely not provide.
Great food and taste but price and quantity made me score it really low. The crab fried rice was a tiny mound, maybe good for one person. The pad see ew was the smallest portion ever! There was 4 adults eating and we all got a couple nibbles each. We all left the restaurant feeling unsatisfied with the amount. I really expected a lot more since its so famous for their food.
There's a lot of great things about Lotus of Siam, it's just not up to par with SF Bay Area Thai. But for Las Vegas, it's worth a shot!. . Brief Summary. -- Location is off the strip, felt like "middle of nowhere". -- Must be a Local hot spot because it's packed and busy!. -- Service was decent. -- Food was pretty good. -- Experience was just A-OK. . With all of the high profile chef's having restaurants on the Las Vegas Strip or in the fancy, new hotels,  I would have NEVER thought of getting some Thai food in LV. Thanks to Yelp, I checked this place out with my GF and even called ahead and got a reservation on a busy Wednesday night!. . This place doesn't look as big or as nice as it does inside. The outside made me feel like we were in the slums but the inside of the restaurant was very welcoming and nice. . . Service was a little bit slow at times but eventually our server opened up and gave us a smile and great customer service. I guess he just needed some time to warm up.. . --- Our Order ---. . ** Tom Kha Gai with veggies -- I think this one of the best dishes of the night. We asked for medium heat, and they delivered! The heat was strong when you ate the peppers in the soup, but otherwise it wasn't completely overbearing or too much. We were a little surprised at first but then were relieved that our mouths weren't completely on fire. We got the Hot Pot size and it was $14 ( a little expensive ), but the portions were HUGE. So it made sense. I definitely recommend this coconut based soup with chicken and vegetables.. . ** Chicken Satay -- I like simple dishes. This dish was simple and delicious.BBQ chicken on skewers with a great peanut sauce and the cucumber salad. . . ** Pad Thai with Chicken -- I'm not a fan of places that serve Pad Thai with ONLY a certain type of meat. I'm used to having some egg, chicken, tofu and shrimp in my noodles. So it would have been nice to have a few mroe ingredients, but in general the pad Thai was good. The noodles were a little bit thicker than what I like, but the flavor was very good. Pad Thai is the "make or break" dish for me, and I feel like they delivered well with the Pad Thai.. . ** Pineapple Fried Rice -- This was probably the weakest dish. It wasn't very "fried" but more like a rice mixed with curry powder. It made the rice have a lackluster texture that was in between moist and dry. It was confusing. The pineapple did deliver a nice fresh crunch and juice, but I've had better.. . After going over my whole order, it wasn't that this place isn't good. Everything was good, but nothing WOW'd us or made me want to go out of my way for Thai in Las Vegas. If you're hankering for some Thai in LV, make a trip out here. Don't blink, or you'll miss it!. . ** Quick Side Note -- They have a HUGE selection of Wine. If that's your "thing" then they will definitely be able to get you something that fits your meal.
Enjoy their wine selction. Dive into that goodness. I took just one riesling glass - it was Egon Muller on the first page of their super thick beverage menu. Wine Spectator Award Winner 2005 thru 2010.. . It's not trendy, let me tell you. It's in the outskirts of the strip but its packed with people before their quest to the strip on a Saturday evening. . . Our waiter was super amazing. He stopped me from ordering a level 8 out of 10 spicey-ness. Oooo man they have high standards for hotness!!! My date lowered it to 6  and for me a 7. I should have listend to him more... Major burn, eyes tingling and my throat was closing up. Still a good Charbroiled Beef with veg. and my friends had Thai curry.. . My friend loved it but I'd give it a 3.5 ;)
Lotus of  Siam is great American-style Thai cuisine. Unfortunately, the previous reviews on yelp don't really say this, or maybe I didn't read enough of them. Either way, now begins the review.. Lotus has hands-down the best Orange Chicken I have ever had. If this was 15 years ago, I would've given this place 5 stars. But just like I am no longer a chubby teenager, my taste for fried, overly-sweet, food has passed. The chow mein and pad thai were both good, but their respective sauces were too rich. Or something. Just not 4 stars on yelp good.. Myself and my eating partner both got the buffet at lunch for $9.99, so discussing the portions is dumb. Let's move along. The service was fast (for a buffet) and water was brought to the table promptly. The used buffet plates disappeared in less than a minute when pushed to the edge of the table.. Lotus is great if you prefer less-than-traditional Thai food.
Expensive for what you're getting.  Food is good.
Visited on my recent trip to Vegas.  They have a great Northern Larb and Chicken soup with glass noodles.  I was sharing with someone that doesn't eat spicy, so that limited me off of the Northern cuisine.  Would definitely try again.  I felt the service was decent.  The servers seemed stretched out over large areas...maybe because it was on a Sunday??
3.5 . . One of the better Thai restaurants I've been to. I ordered the Nam Prik Ong because it was featured on Food Network's Best Thing I Ever Ate, and my bf ordered the Pad Thai. Neither of our dishes were extremely spicy although we had ordered them 10/10 spicy. I enjoyed my dish, it was very flavorful, but honestly, it just tasted like a meat sauce from a pasta dish. Next time, I'm going to order one of the many other great things they have on their menu. . . My bf's pad thai was delicious, and our chicken dumpling appetizer was good too, albeit not Thai food :) We also got a thai iced tea, which I normally find too sweet for my liking. This was definitely on the sweet side, but I still managed to finish the whole thing. . . I'm looking forward to coming back and maybe trying some of their other meat or curry dishes.
I can't say this is the best Thai food I've ever eaten but they have a huge selections of items, some of which I have never tasted before.  There has also been a lot of press about this place.  I didn't realize that these were the same owners who opened up Renu Nakorn in Norwalk, CA.  They sold it years ago, though the restaurant it still open.  No wonder some of the menu items seemed similar.  We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table for two on a Sunday night and ordered:. . -Nam Kao Tod - Loved the crunchy pieces of rice though it was a very sour dish.  Size was average.. -Nam Prik Ong (Red Chili Dip) - This was not as spicy as it looked.In fact, it was barely spicy.  It came with really fresh vegetables and pork rinds.  The dip itself tasted very similar to a spaghetti sauce to me.. -Kana Moo Krob (Pork Belly + Chinese Broccoli) - Can't go wrong with this dish.  Yummy but not very different from other places I've had this dish at.. -Sai Oui (Sausage) - This also had a mild kick to it but barely.  It had a strong lime taste - I didn't care for this one too much, but I am not a sausage fan in general.. . We didn't try any of the standard Thai dishes (i.e. Pad Thai) bc we wanted to try things that weren't readily available in Thai Town (LA).  We also ordered a lemongrass drink - the first waiter had no idea what we were talking about but a second one knew.  I guess they don't have a regular drink menu, and I only knew about the drink bc of a Yelp review (thanks again, Yelp!).  Overall service was good and food was a bit more expensive than your average Thai restaurant.
Food was OK wine list was above average. I may go back if friends really wanna go, I really was not impressed.
Read so many great reviews on yelp we decided to visit while visiting from Los Angeles. We were party of 3, two Asians and one Caucasian. We had reservations for dinner and were seated promptly.   We love Southeast Asian food and have been to lots of Thai, Laotian, Burmese restaurants in California and Asia.  There were about 100 other diners in the restaurant when we arrived. There were many things that ended up being unique about this restaurant, unfortunately the quality of the food was not one of them. First, about 99% of clientele was Caucasian. This is never a good sign at an Asian restaurant. Everyone had a bottle of wine at their table. That's another oddity at an Asian restaurant.  Despite these two warning signs, we still felt we would be in for a great experience, based on yelp reviews.  We really weren't looking for ambiance, wine or decor. We were looking for "the best Thai food in the US, as promised in these reviews.  We ordered the Northern Thai soup, which was ok but not balanced and way too heavy on fish sauce.  We had Nam Prik Onn, chili dip, which is a peasant dish popular in Northern Thailand and Burma. It usually  contains a bit of meat or fish in a very salty sauce into which vegetables are dipped.  It's eaten because meat and protein are rare and expensive in parts of thailand and Burma.  It gives a bit of taste to cheap veggie meals.  Here it was 10 bucks for a few tablespoons of something that tasted like middle america spaghetti sauce, a few vegetables to dip, and a handful of packaged chicharones (pork rinds) straight from the chips section of the local supermarket. We had Laotian style papaya salad, which was good. We also had crispy duck in chili mint sauce, deep fried fish in chili sauce, northern thai sausage.   We also had a combination dessert with coconut ice cream, sticky rice, mango, and banana wrapped in wonton wraps and deep fried.  Overall food was acceptable. Nothing was great. We had to add another dish at the end because we were still hungry at the end, portions were so small. No drinks except water. Bill came to $120 for 3 people. Add the $35 round trip cab fare from strip.  Absolutely ridiculous for mediocre Thai food. We went to a fantastic Laos / Northeastern Thai restaurant in East Oakland California a month ago and had almost the same things, with much better quality and larger portions for $39!  Of course there wasn't the huge wine selection, but who goes to a Thai restaurant for wine. That would be like going to a French restaurant for rice.. Big disappointment and way over-priced.
I wanted to try this place because it had such good reviews.  For the money I would go across the center and eat a Komol.  It is not as fancy but you will not get a Chinese food buffet either.. . My friend ordered the blue crabs on noodles.  The noodles were good but she had to send the dish back because one a scale of 1 - 10 they seasoned it at least a 6 when she pointedly asked for a one.  When the dish came back it was lifeless and not worth eating.. . I can't remember what I had, oh wait, some pork meat grilled.  It was tough and over priced.
This place is definitely good, but the best???  Hardly!. The prices are high and the portions are small.  . . And how come you never (or RARELY) see any Thai people (or Asian for that matter!) eating there???   That alone should be a clue people!!   Again, touristy and over-priced!. . Go to Komol across the parking lot!!
3.5 stars. . Many a person recommended this place, including the staff at e. The wine list is impressive and the food was good to very good.. . Yum Woon Sen: Such a great dish -- my favorite is still Thai Square in DC -- Siam's really didn't do much for me.. . Nam Prik Ong: a chili dip with ground pork, tomato and dried spice -- it was not the best thing I ever ate, but it was quite good.. . Drunken noodles with Sea Bass: the best dish we had, the fish was cooked perfectly and the noodles were delicious -- my only complaint was the portion size, especially given the price.. . Beef jerky Issan style: great flavor, just a little dry and difficult to eat (granted, that could be why they call it jerky!). . Sticky rice with fried banana: delicious!. . I was really looking forward to this meal, and it was good -- but a little less than memorable.
I've heard about how this is the "best thai restaurant in America".  Its a very good one, but I really didn't notice the big difference between it and Renu Nakorn which was at a time related to Lotus of Siam. Service was very good though...its a very solid thai restaurant, but it didn't knock my socks off like others have said..I believe this review would suffer from unrealistically high expectations.
Definitely good Thai food.  Their prices are on the high side considering the 3rd world setting of their location.  Have been here numerous times - and the food is always extremely tasty and spiced to perfection although portions are on the small side.  This restaurant reeks of pine-sol/lysol that they use on the table.  The smell gave everyone a headache.  They should definitely air out this place a bit.. . Very sketchy location: inside a run down strip mall with swingers clubs, massage parlors, and who knows what else.  In fact last time we pulled up in front of the restaurant and saw the guy in the car next to us get fellatio from an oriental lady.  Gross.  I don't mind restaurants in low rent areas but this place takes the cake.  I can't really bring out of town guests here anymore with all the strange activities going on around the restaurant in this bizarre, depressing area.  . . The male waiters are extremely friendly and helpful but the ladies at the front are total bi***es.
Hard to Find, When you drive/map it, it shows the back and you have to turn into the center to see it. The restaurant looks dull from the outside. Everyone was nice and the food is very tasty. The Pad Thai was good not great, the Panag chicken sauce was watery =\ I Rather go to Thai Spice.
It's a tourist destination, and sometimes the wait can be atrocious. So I mean you need to know that heading in. The Crispy Duck on noodles is freaking amazing, but for what it costs it should be a portion about 50% bigger. That's really my knock with LOS. The portions should be bigger given how much you're paying, or the food should just be perfect. That's where my 2 stars were lost.
Maybe I was expecting too much since I heard that this place is amazing and we failed to get a table the last time we were in town.  We did get the crispy curry duck which was good but not amazing.  Maybe we didn't order the right stuff?  But I felt like the food I get in Thai town in LA better.  I will try it again because everyone that says it's better than I expected.
You know what they say about location, location, location?  Well this place is in a horrible location to say the very least.   I was extremely nervous to leave my car in the parking lot & while walking to the restaurant a bum rode up on his bicycle and asked us for money. Sketchy!  But we kept on because of the glowing reviews.. . Also, there's a swingers club in the same strip mall....gives new meaning to strip mall. the inside decor of the restaurant leaves much to be desired as well. This is not a 'date place' in terms of dressing up.  Jeans are protocol here.. . They also don't take reservations, which doesn't score any points with me.  Our waitress barely spoke English to the point where another one of the waiters had to assist with our table.  She also asked us if we liked cats????????????? Now when eating in an Asian restaurant we both thought this was extremely weird. Apparently, she had found a mother cat with babies and was trying to find them homes?????? At least that's what we hope.. . Food was pretty good, I wouldn't' say it's the best Thai food I've ever had, Sakun Thai is closer to me and just as good.. . I'm going to go back and try it again in case there's something I missed. Stay tuned.
Dinner at LOS was a MUST on my TO DO LIST for my first Vegas trip, and while most of the dishes we ordered were great, they were not excellent like I had expected. . We ordered the Tom kha gai soup, Nam kao tod, Garlic Prawns, Drunken Noodles with Seafoods, and Penang Curry. The drunken noodles with seafood was my least favorite. The chow fun noodles were all clumped up and the sauce was underseasoned. I agree that the Garlic Prawns are a must order, but the portion is really on the small side. I really enjoyed the heat of the Penang curry. It was defintely the spicest penang curry I've ever had. My friends didn't enjoy the Nam kao tod but I found the bright flavors of the salty&minty crispy rice mixture quite addicting. . . Overall, while not life changing, we really enjoyed our dinner at LOS. Though I'm not sure if I would make the trek back on my next visit to Vegas.
After having a lot of Thai food in San Francisco, I've been looking for a go-to place in Las Vegas to get Thai food. Although I am still looking for that place, I have found that I frequent Lotus of Siam quite a bit, but it seems like only when I have visitors in town. Almost everyone knows about Lotus of Siam since it has been featured on The Best Restaurants of LV and a lot of other food shows. So why not a more stars? i think that there is a lot of hype for this place and I guess I just expected more and better. . . If you go on the weekend, be prepared to wait as there is almost always a crowd here, both locals and out of towners. If you can, make a reservation so you won't wait too long. I've tried a good number of dishes here and they are good, but not spectacular. For some of the dishes, the prices to me are a bit high for Thai food. I've tried the Paid Thai, Pad See Yew, Beef Salad, drunken noodles, the various curries, garlic prawns, and spicy chicken wings. One word of caution - be prepared for the heat - when they ask you how hot you want, dont go overly crazy. I can handle a lot of heat, but their level 5 is hot enough to enjoy. Any hotter and you wouldn't be able to taste the food. . . Overall, I would go to Lotus of Siam when I am craving Thai food, but don't think that it's the best as many of the other reviews state. I am still looking for my go-to Thai place in LV and hope that I can find it as I have in SF and LA.
Thai Iced Tea - PERFECT. Nam Tok salad - NOT SO PERFECT. Pad See Eew - NOT COOKED WELL. NOT HOT. Service - EXCELLENT.
Came with a friend who recently moved to Las Vegas. She hadn't yet been but said it was considered some of the best Thai food in the country. We arrived a bit early and ordered a Singha to share. They have an extensive wine list with many by the glass but we'd just come from Valley of Fire and were thirsty, so beer seemed to fit the bill.. . It wasn't busy yet so we got a lot of time with our waiter and asked him what he recommended. The menu is pretty extensive and there are a lot of really interesting things to choose from, good descriptions too! He pointed out a few house specials and we ended up ordering entirely from his recommendations. We started off with the crispy rice and sausage appetizer. My boyfriend loved it. I thought it was spicy and salty but didn't taste like much.. . Then, we ordered three dishes to share among three of us. Crispy duck with drunken noodles, short ribs in red curry, and the liver which the other two wanted to try. The crispy duck was by far the best of the three. Really delicious, good portion size too. The short ribs were amazing but there wasn't enough. I think there were four. For $20, I thought we'd get more than an appetizer size. But the sauce was really good over the rice. The liver tasted less like liver than I'm used to, the fresh lime and onion was really nice, but it was pretty dry and didn't come with any sauce. . . Overall, the ambiance of the place is okay. Not anything memorable and the lighting is bright and unremarkable. We liked the food but it's pretty rich and we felt a little ill later in the evening. It was pretty expensive too! I enjoyed it but don't feel a need to come back.. . I'm still trying to figure out how this place has over 700 reviews on Yelp and is so highly rated given that there is a lot of really good food in Las Vegas. It seems to have a very good PR person! I think it's unique and worth a visit but we had an incredible meal at a gorgeous Thai restaurant right off the strip  for much cheaper on a different night.
Good food but TERRIBLE service.
Panang crispy curry duck and pad thai.  Good, but I didn't perceive anything sensational about it.  Not cheap. The duck dish cost $20 + $1 more for an adequate serving of rice.  The second dish was $9.  Looked at the buffet and all the trays were mostly empty at ~ 1:30PM.
Sorry, Rusty U. but I don't believe the hype (and I ate here with you)!. . I thought the food was okay -- nothing great. Perhaps my tastebuds were fried after all the buffet dining and drinking but this didn't feel like the best Thai restaurant in America to me.. . Flavors were good but the portions were a touch on the small side.. . And the decor was not great either. But, it's apparently just down the street from a gay bath house and a whore house so I guess I can't complain?. . Definitely worth a repeat visit though.
LoS is overrated. Quality maintenance is harder than quality attainment. I don't think it's so much that the staff is lazy or disinterested. It's just that it's hard to stay motivated to cook aggressively and ambitiously when the clientele isn't aggressive or ambitious in its ordering and dietary habits. This fault isn't particular to ethnic restaurants: most high-end restaurants succumb to the same pattern of early greatness followed by plateau and then slow, steady decline (if they ever reach the heights to begin with).. . To be fair, the food was very good. It was not extraordinary or even top 10%. Fresh mushroom salad was an interesting idea, half-realized. The two shrimp that accompanied the salad were fine, but not of the same quality as at a much more unprepossessing restaurant I visited two nights later. The salad itself was a bit monochromatic.. . I did enjoy a dry beef liver entree, though it was not nearly as spicy as my server averred. He helpfully provided some condiments and recommendations. . . My server, in fact, helped me to my conclusion that LoS wasn't terrific. I'd gone to LoS expecting that it would be overrated. But I don't like to prejudge. My server was more enthusiastic in recommending other Thai restaurants than he was in talking about his own menu. I do not mean that he was unprofessional or that he spoke negatively about his employer. It was just clear by his demeanor that he prefers to eat elsewhere.
I had the pleasure of tagging along to the West Coast Yelp Spring Break trip with my Elite bestie!!  A group of her OC pals met up here for lunch and it was good!  . . I ordered the yellow curry (mild) and my friend got the garlic chicken wings and some chicken dumplings. All the dishes were great, especially those chicken wings!!  Those suckers beat out KFC any day!. . They also feature a buffet, but it was over-priced for such slim pickings, if you ask me. That said, this place is worth a try if you have a yen for Thai food.
Was this the best Thai food I've had, well, um no, does it work for where we were at? sure no problem.  Plus I think that it has such an aura about it that maybe I expected too much?  . . Side note - Funny thing - i've been coming to this shopping complex for years to go to a few Korean restaurants, so I did feel like I was really going for Korean food instead of Thai.. . Since a bunch of us were in town for Yelp Spring Break - we made it a point to have LOS on the list of to dos...(and then quite a few people set up UYEs...go figure) so we were there first thing for lunch on Friday.  There are no "lunch specials" but there is a $10.99 lunch buffet.  I guess it can't be vegas without a buffet?. . I know that you don't exactly go to a Thai restaurant for chicken wings, but the garlic black pepper chicken wings caught my eye and I just couldn't let it go.  So chicken wings it is.. . couldn't do it alone - so got some chicken dumplings as well with some steamed rice.  My bestie who joined me in town for Yelp Spring Break got the Yellow Curry so we did some sharing.. . Curry was decent, but I felt that the veggies weren't really cooked enough.  I kinda felt like they just threw it in in the last 2 minutes to warm them and that was it.  Not that I was expecting mush, but a little bit more cooked perhaps?. . Chicken dumplings were fried, nothing special, I'm sure I've gotten those before in the freezer section at the grocery store.. . But the wings deserve 5 stars on their own.  They were so GOOD.  there was some sweetness to them, but the garlic and pepper were fantastic with the wings.  They were cooked (fried) to perfection and still moist enough on the inside.  Absolutely loved the flavor profile.  Go figure the truly non tradition item was the thing I thought was the best.  I'd go back for the wings, but don't know if I'd be willing to get other things...besides, the wings were like 9 bucks on their own for 6, which is a bit steep when you think about it.. . Service was quite good, but be forewarned, if you are there with a large group, they can only split it four ways, so be a good customer and bring cash if you've got a large group, not a pile of debit cards.. . Parking you ask?  This is not on the strip, it's free and there is PLENTY at all times.
I was very glad to try this restaurant I've bookmarked since I saw their episode on "The Best I Ever Ate." I've heard they were great. Also, this was the meeting place for my first UYE lunch!. . First, I'll say it was awesome to meet fellow Yelpers who were in town for our Yelp Spring Break. . . As for the overall food experience here, I'd have to give it 3 stars for sure. It took a while after we were seated for us to receive menus. The server was very nice and friendly, it did get pretty busy at the end of our meal, but the service wasn't as prompt as it could've been. Our food arrived pretty fast, but it just took an unusually long time to order and to get our check at the end.. . I tried the Khao Soi with beef. I usually always go with what the server recommends to me. It was decent, honestly. People around me tried the Nam Prik Hed and the soup Tom Kha Kai. Everyone said the food tasted fairly good. . . I'd definitely want to come back to try a meal again. Try a different dish perhaps. Hopefully a better updated review to come...
This is definitely not my favorite spot when it comes to Thai food, but for the most part the food is ok. Upon entering, you won't be impressed with the indoor decor. It definitely does not stand out. In fact, my first impression upon entering was that I was some place dodgy where I was sure to get sick. Fortunately, that was not the case. There were certainly a lot of patrons during the lunch hour which is usually a good sign of a good place to eat.. . Lotus of Siam offers a Thai buffet. I took a moment to look at the items offered at the buffet. To me, the food looked like it had been sitting out a while, but my friends who did opt for the buffet raved about it. Instead, I decided to order off the menu. I had the typical Farang dish, Chicken Pad Thai. The dish was fairly decent, although I definitely had better.. . One thing I was not impressed with and weighed heavily in giving this establishment a 3 out of five stars is the fact that I was unimpressed with the service. We waited a long time to be served. Also, we ordered a thai ice tea and water. A good 15 minutes must of passed and we still didn't have our tea. By this time, my companion was cotton mouthed due to the lack of liquid to quench her thirst.I reminded the server again, and another 10 minutes passed before he finally came out with it. . . Definitely not the worst and definitely not the best.
Finally able to make it to Lotus of Siam to try the food. I made reservations for 3 people on a Saturday night at 8pm (took a few tries because the line was busy). We took a taxi from the Strip. We ordered our food medium hot and though everything was delicious, one dish was a disappointment.. . Tom Kah Kai - The menu description listed straw mushrooms, we were disappointed when the soup arrived with regular button mushrooms. The chicken in the soup was dry from being in the soup too long. Minus one star.. . Thum kah noon (pounded young jackfruit shredded) - We have never had jackfruit before. So this was a new dish for us. The meat was delicious with the rice. It would have made an awesome sloppy joe filling.. . Nua Yum Katiem - Hidden spiciness in the cabbage in this dish. Mouth was burning, but we polished off the dish.. . Sea Bass on Drunken Noodle - Delicious! The sea bass was deep fried and had great flavor.. . The restaurant called a taxi after we finished dinner. A word of warning,  the location is off Strip, so it was impossible to get a taxi. We waited over 45 minutes for a taxi around 9:30pm. Minus one star. There were 3 other parties waiting outside for a taxi after us. We asked the restaurant to call again, and waited but still no taxis came (weekend of EDC). After watching cars cruise by slowly and contemplating hitching a ride with restaurant patrons, we decided to walk to the Stratosphere to catch a taxi back to our hotel and got to saw the real Vegas. Unfortunately/fortunately, it was super windy in Vegas with 30mph winds. This meant walking back in a sandstorm, but the wind kept us reasonably cool and the streets deserted. We were easily able to catch a taxi at the Stratosphere, and saw a long line of idling taxis there. . . I will probably go back again, but only if I have a car. I don't want to be risk being stranded again.
Las Vegas don't joke around when they say it's spicy.  . . Papaya salad -I usually regret it every time I order papaya salad at Thai restaurants because the papaya is too hard, and flavor is nothing spectacular.  I just get tired of chewing it.  This papaya salad was the best I've had thus far.  The cabbage on the side helps to take away the monotony in texture.  We requested it to be spicy, and boy did they deliver!  Our mouths were on fire.  In a good way.. . Duck noodle soup - I was pretty hungover after binging at the pool all afternoon, and in desperate need of soup.  This is my go-to hangover dish in LA at Rodded, and was ecstatic to find it on the menu.  False hope.  It looked the same.  Flavor? Not so much.  It was bland.  Didn't have enough of the tanginess.  . . Pad see ew - We asked for it spicy again, and friends couldn't finish it.  Pad see ew is pad see ew.  . . Ordered another entree, which I can't recall.  Obviously, it was nothing spectacular.  . . Mango rice for dessert - First time trying this dish.  It doesn't taste as odd as I always imagined it would be.  The subtle sweetness of the mango was the perfect end to a meal.  I crave this.. . Make a reservation or regret it.  We had a reservation, and still waited about 15 minutes. . Service was excellent.  Very attentive.  Our waiter came by several times to check if we needed anything.  . I'm glad I had the opportunity to try this place, but it didn't stand out from any other Thai restaurant I've tried.
5 for food. 1 for portion size. My tip: Leave your appetite at home. (Just got done with dinner here, now I gotta go get a burger)!
Pad Thai was excellent! I went here at the tailend of the lunch buffet, so the food had been in the warming trays for a while. I was by myself (yes, I ate alone), and thought it would be best to do the buffet so I could try more things. Like I said, the pad thai was excellent. The chicken curry was good and had a kick. I think I'll need to come back with more people to order off the menu for food that is made to order or come right at the begining of the buffet lunch. They have bottled Fiji water here (note to self mostly).
I revisited this place on a recent visit to Vegas as upon offering some dining options to people Thai sounded like the most exciting choice and I felt like if they wanted Thai in Vegas well then I'd have to give Lotus of Siam another try. I felt the exact same way on my second visit to the first. Nothing blew me away with deliciousness or culinary execution. I was most impressed by the menu and the variety of offerings and especially the presence of so many dishes I've never seen before on a menu at a Thai restaurant. I ordered the jack fruit curry (because I've never seen it before) and enjoyed it but wasn't blown away. This place is pretty far off the Strip so if you're not driving it makes it difficult to get to. We had a party of 8 which made logistics of getting us there and then back to our various destinations a little tricky. Plus when you come out here you really in the desert as we were left trying to figure out what to do to kill time for our 45 minute wait. If you have the forethought call ahead and put your name in so you don't end up in that same dilemma. . . In conclusion, I said it before and I'll say it again? I would hesitate to call this the best Thai, it might be the most authentic but I can't really comment on that. It'll definitely give you a different look than your typical Thai place and if you really like Thai food that might be enough of an excuse to check it out.
For all the hype, I was really disappointed in this place. I ordered the Ginger Sea Bass Drunken Noodles with a spice level of 7/10. The fish had good flavor but the rest of the dish fell flat. It was not spicy at all. Yet another Thai restaurant paled in comparison to my favorite Ban Thai restaurant in White Bear Lake, MN.
We don't really eat a lot of Chinese or Thai food at all but we had to try this sinceeveryone says its the best out there.. . We went here twice with a large group and was able to share a lot of the dishes. We had:. . Stuffed chicken (ok). Reg chicken wings (pretty good). duck with drunken noodles (good). braised beef (pretty good). garlic prawns (ok). seabass (ok). duck pho (nothing special). . From our experience we weren't too impressed but neither of us are crazy about Thai or Chinese food but I can see how people can like this since it's pretty flavorful.
Good but not Great.. . I tried the red curry without coconut milk curry with chicken, the number sixty seven. The sauce was very balanced and excellent. The chicken was undeveloped and dry but even if I ignore the execution of the chicken I can't ignore all the old tasting canned or bottled mini corns that mostly made up my dish. It's a shame because the other vegetables in my dish were very fresh and good and the spice and heat level were excellent.. . My husband had a beef and vegetable platter that was on the next page. The beef in his dish was also undeveloped and almost seemed boiled. Again the sauce was good. The vegetables in his dish were fresh.. . Both dishes were very small portions.. . Service was quick and efficient.
Lotus of Siam is good ... and probably great if you don't live in a major city or metropolitan area where good Thai food is accessible.  But it is overhyped and I don't think is really worth the drive out here unless you really don't have a good Thai place in your hometown.  I can name 3 in the Bay Area I think are just as good and or better, and two in the DC metro area that are up there too (places I used to live so there are more out there obviously).. . Got here on a Saturday by 5:30 and there were a lot of people already here.  There was a large party that ordered a ton of food, so it took us about 30 minutes for me to get my cup of Tom Kha Khai.  It's good, but it tasted A LOT like plain ol' Tom Yum Soup with cream in it.  So it wasn't as special as I thought it would be.  Around 6:20, twenty minutes after my soup arrived, my entrees still weren't coming, and I had to catch a show at 7pm so we asked for it to go.  They were pretty quick after I asked for it to go, and extremely nice about it.  . . We got the crispy duck with drunken noodles.  The crispy duck was very very good, but the drunken noodles were just meh.  I liked the chilis and peppers the crispy duck was fried with.  It reminds me of crispy fried pork chops at Chinese restaurants with the chilis, but it had this special brown sauce on it that made it sweet and extra good.  We also got the Khao Soi.  This was my favorite dish, but the portion was too small!. . We also got Pad See Ew which was standard, and Massaman Curry which was good, but I actually felt was below standard.  I definitely didn't like that the potatoes were undercooked, and that there were boiled grape tomatoes in it.  My boyfriend also ordered chicken dumplings which were ALL RIGHT.  They were so tiny and it was $6 for 6 tiny ass little dumplings.  All in All we spent over $90 for thsi meal and thought it was kind of expensive, especially when we thought of our favorite Thai places from our hometown.  I think you can skip it if you've had good Thai food before.  The food on the strip isn't THAT terrible that you need to cab out here.
I went to LOS and the food was good, I had the drunken shrimp prawn, they were tasty but the noodles were stuck together so I asked the waiter is that what makes them drunken. I had the crispy duck with red curry, I didn't care for that at all. I had the crab fried rice it was very delious I would take the trip there to eat that again. Most people were there to have the buffet which looked good. We got there around 11:00 and we were second in line. The service was fast and the waiters were helpful. I say try it for a new experience.
I have eaten here a couple times and know their is a huge cult following here. However, I have left unimpressed to the expectations both times. The Pad Thai is chewy and overcooked and the curry's have been underwhelming, I actually prefer Komol in the same shopping center and honestly feel that Thai food in Vegas is lost here compared to Seattle.
I been here twice and I think there food is good, but not the best Thai food I every ate. I think a lot of people like this place because you can see a lot of famous people who eat here. But I think there food is good but over price. They do have a lot of choices and such, but I still don't understand what the big deal is maybe I haven't gotten anything special here that why I feel that way.
Note to self: make reservation! I went there w 3 of my my friends, we didn't think reservation is needed since it's 8:30 Monday night. After 30 min wait, we ordered Thai papaya salad, crispy prawns, drunken noodles w sea bass, Panang curry w fried tofu, and pineapple fried rice.  I got mixed feeling for the food. I really liked the crispy prawns and the drunken noodles but didn't care much for the rest. To start : the papaya salad wasn't very presentable. It looked like it was the end of the batch w. lots of broken strands of papaya on a mess of a plate. The curry was dry and not creamy. Let just say for the amount of money we spent there (100 bucks including tips for all the food), this was too expensive .
The food really is outstanding at Lotus of Siam. The wine list is a tome. There are two drawbacks, though... it feels like a diner, and the waiting time for a table is LOOONG.. . But when you go - you really should go - be sure to order the shredded jackfruit. It's a revelation.
My long awaited return to Lotus.. . As most people know, the TV food shows love to rave about this place, in some cases with good reason, as we have our own favorite Thai restaurant (check my reviews, it isn't hard to figure out) and we would be eating there the following night, it gave me a good chance to compare dishes.. . So direct comparison.... . Chicken Sa-tay: Both restaurants do a good Sa-Tay, the taste of the chicken itself goes to Lotus, but it is close, however the other place has a far better peanut sauce.. . Chicken Wings....Lotus all the way, man I could eat a bucket full of those babies.. . Chicken Pad Thai...The other restaurant is far better, the taste element just isn't there with Lotus and there is a definite texture issue.. . Chicken curry...Both places are good, I would say the other is slightly better.. . Now to be fair, on previous trips to Lotus I have had to amazing dishes, they were specials of the day, but I think it is fair to mention at least one, the sea bass was amazing, I really wish they would put this one the menu, perfectly cooked, great texture and flavors.. . On this last trip though, what really let it down was the service, we were the second group to be seated, the second group to order, our drinks we delivered quickly, the same with the appetizers..... Then nothing...for over an hour, fortunately our little group only gets to meet a couple of times a year, so we had plenty to talk about, but still, watching tables have their food delivered after they had been seated way after us is slightly annoying to say the least. The service itself was well remote to say the least, yes I know this place is busy no matter what, yes I know they will stay busy with the TV shows promoting them, but I really don't care, if the service stays like this then Lotus goes on my no dine list.... . If not for the service Lotus would have gotten a 4 star rating from me, as ever food is an extremely personal thing, what one person may love another will hate, I have no issues recomennding Lotus, but there are better out there.
A decent Thai restaurant off the strip.  The  decor was sparse, the wait staff pre-occupied,  the portions were modist and the prices on the high side for Thai.  We had Pad Thai, a Duck curry that tasted wonderful and a Northern Thai dish that was simple but nice.
One word- HYPE. OVERPRICED and SMALL PORTIONS. Came in and saw there was a lunch buffet, but nothing piqued my interest so decided to opt for the order-menu for lunch. . Tried the:. 1) Rad na ~$10. 2) Panang Curry (beef)  - ~11. . Was not impressed at all. It was good, but not THAT good. The portion of the panang curry was on the stingy side ( less than 1 cup) and the rad na was not very memorable. Overpriced for the amount of food you get.
Overhyped thai.  Not the best.
Went there with a large party of 13.. Heard lots of hype about how great this place was (one local called it a "5 star" dinning experience) so we were keen to check it out... . Food: mediocre. They messed up the green chicken curry (seemed watered down!), which was a surprise given that's a staple dish. Rest of the food was ok but some servings were tiny (like the papaya salad and crab fried rice). . . Service: good and why I gave this a 3 vs 2 stars. . . Ambiance: busy compared to the desolate complex it's in. We accidentally walked into the restaurant next door initially and there wasn't a sole inside - the waitress promptly asked if we wanted the Thai restaurant next door.
My friend who lives in vegas warned me that the prices were steep and the portions are small. And he was right. Everything that was on the menu was at least 2 to 7 dollars too expensive. I ordered the thai fried rice with pork and the nam prik ong (best thing I ever ate-food network). The thai fried rice was not only small, but also generic. The saving grace was the nam prik ong. Other than that, most of the menu items can be found at sanamluang in Hollywood, California (thai town). Sanamluang not only tastes better than Lotus of Siam, but also costs less and offers more portions. To be frank, I was tempted in giving this place a 2 star review. The nam prik ong was delicious, but wasn't worth the ten bucks I paid for it. The small serving of nam prik ong showed me that this place was nothing but a scam on people who can't get good thai food in Las Vegas. Alas, the nam prik ong did taste good, so I must give this place one star above two. Overall, I regret spending $20 something dollars here.
Lotus of Siam is a tad bit overrated. During my experiences, I had to admit I was a bit disappointed at the service and the food. The server managed to mess of a couple of orders at our table and the food was just okay. I did go in having high expectations since I had heard from others that this is the "best thai food in all of vegas." Well at the end of the day, I could see how that opinion was formulated, as there are not that many great asian restaurants in Las Vegas...period. Vegas is more of an Italian, French and Sushi type of city. . . I have tried garlic chicken wings, which are supposedly "sauteed with a lot of garlic, black pepper, and seasoning." UM these were just plain old dry chicken wings. There were some flakes of salt, pepper and garlic on the side which wouldn't even stick to the wings. I tried one bite and was finished...dry and flavorless.. . I also tried the drunken noodles which were just okay. Maybe 3 of our 5 stars at best. Some of my friends ordered some dishes off the Northern menu, which were actually decent. . . Overall, this is an average Thai restaurant and I would not return!
We made a concerted effort to dine in this restaurant, due to all the high praise and feedback from patrons, as well as its "appearance" on Top Chef.  We made a reservation [quite late in the evening, but it worked with our schedule].  We were brimming with anticipation, driving to our fantastic dinner experience!. . The location is in a strip mall, which is OK, as some fabulous gems are hidden away.  The entrance was quite tiny, and people had to rub shoulders to squeeze in or out of the restaurant.  We were seated in the large room, which resembled more  a cafeteria environment than a fine restaurant.  That was not what I envisioned.  We requested to be reseated, and were: in the front room, but at a table which was situated precisely between the 2 paths to and from the small dining annex , so there was a constant movement of diners and servers, non stop.  Fine, we settled down.. . We ordered an appetizer of the Thai papaya salad, and spicy squid, along with a bottle of chilled white wine: Vermentino Litorale 2010 - crisp, "snappy", pungent.  But went so well with the spicy thai cusine. They DO have a fantastic wine selection: the "cellar" is housed behind a thick glass wall, so all can see the abundant wine offerings.  . . The papaya salad was deceptively simple, yet very complex in flavors - a joy for the palate.  The squid salad was fabulously delicious, but extremely spicy: enjoy, but beware! I met my match in heat levels, and had to succumb to the help of thai tea with milk, to quench the inferno in my mouth.. . For the main course, we selected pad ke mao with prawns, and crispy duck in cognac sauce.  My pad ke mao was awful!! The noodles were oily, hard and stuck together - clearly the dish sat a while under the heating lamps.  The prawns were absolutely bland, deep fried, and warm on the outside and cool in the center, from sitting too long.  I sent it back: it's an embarrassment to bring this quality of food to a diner!  They brought a fresh one: much better, but still missing the mark on prawn flavor.. . The crispy duck dish was beautiful in presentation and taste: the crispy skin contrasted with succulent duck meat, surrounded by the delicious sauce with clear notes of coconut & peanut, and perfectly seasons for flavor and heat.  It was excellent, with the plain steamed rice.. . For dessert we were dreaming of mango and sticky rice..... None to be had.  How disappointing.. . Overall, this dining experience was a three out of four: the service felt rushed, and yet my first dish clearly sat for a long time before being served; the restaurant is extremely noisy - quite difficult to carry on a conversation at regular decibel level; lack of staple Thai dessert was very disappointing; and the seating arrangements leave a lot to be desired - at least for me.
3 out of 5 stars. . . It's certainly unfair for me to rate a restaurant that has been called "The Best Thai Restaurant in the Nation" when I've only eaten at four Thai restaurants in my life. . . But it was an interesting experience.. . I'm not a connoisseur of Thai food but their dishes were very spicy. Duh, right?. . Nam Kao Tod - I never had deep fried that wasn't burned, but they had it. It was the most memorable dish that we had out of the five we ordered. . . Sea Bass Drunken Noodles - quite good. . Reminder: Their version of spicy is not the same as yours. Be careful when ordering.. . The reason I'm rating them with 3 stars instead of 4 is because the food (while good) wasn't memorable enough for us. The service was also laid back, especially when we weren't knowledgeable with the food. If you need someone to refill your water (AND YOU WILL), you will have stand up and wave them down in order to get their attention.. . I can't say that the GF and I will be back, but it probably was the best Thai I've had. It's too bad we really couldn't tell that it was.
Food was decent but the portions are quite small.  Ordered 2 appetizers, chicken dumplings and satay and both dishes did not have enough food for 2 people.  Also ordered pad thai, which was quite a small portion, just enough to split between 2 people and the prik king dish which ended up being mostly green beans and a few chunks of pork.  We were told the prik king was a spicy dish and we asked for extra spicy.  It was just mildly spicy.   Add a thai tea, one thai beer and a glass of wine and the total was $80.00.  Expensive.  Plus the wait was an hour.
OK, I love LOS and have eaten there well over a hundred times in the 12 years they have been open in Las Vegas. The quality of the food hardly ever varied and it was a SOLID FIVE STAR RESTAURANT. . . However, my last two visits held a few disappointments; I consider Nam Kao Tod to be one of the world's truly great dishes and almost always order it at LOS. The last two times I ordered Nam Kao Tod it was not the amazing, compelling, best thing I ever ate dish that it always was before, it was just OK. Another favorite, the Garlic Prawns were not prepped as carefully as usual and the portion size was HALF of what we were served before and other dishes also seemed to be smaller portions. I hope the problems were kitchen anomalies that won't become permanent. . . The smaller portions are more troubling, no one deserved a James Beard award more than Saipin but I hope it isn't the reason for the smaller portions. Overall, still an excellent meal, just not the 5 STAR, 28 point Zagat, worth a drive from anywhere quality that I am used to at LOS. I really really want to give this place 5 STARS again!
I didn't like their pad thai, it was too sweet. . The seafood fried rice was very delicious. . Service was ok. Kinda slow.
Just wanted to find some Thai food. We ended up yelping something and ended up here. The wait was around 30 minutes since we didn't have a reservation. The bar area was a little strange since it looked onto the entire dining area. I felt that people were looking at me awkwardly. . . Seated, waiter was very sneaky. Creeped up behind me quietly and startled me but it gave me a good laugh. We got an appetizer and a few entrees. The food was good, tasted as expected. But that wasn't even the best part. . . Don't get the duck addon for anything. The bill came and my friend was shocked that his portion was around $30 dollars. The waiter mistook him for wanting the dish with duck and wrote down "crispy duck addon" instead. Of course the "preparation" of frying the duck cost an additional $10 dollars, but of course the waiter did not know how much extra it would cost, and didn't think of asking a manager or something. I just thought it was hilarious.
When travelling, always consult YELP!, or google a list of Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives places,  or the Best I've ever Eaten lists.. . Having been in Vegas several times now, I try to visit at least one new place on these lists each time I'm there.  . . I was so super excited about the Lotus of Siam!  YELPers have given them a 4-STAR, it made it on Chef Ming's Best I've Ever Had list, so I thought we would LOVVVE it.  Alas, we did not love it. :(. . It is partially my fault.  Going against everything sacred about my fooding skills, we opted for the lunch buffet instead of ordering off the menu.  It wasn't a matter of cost, more a matter of variety.  I thought this would be the best way for us to try a plethora of dishes and see what the restaurant had to offer!  FAIL.. . There were a couple of items that were very good, the tom  yum soup was spicy, fragrant and steaming with deliciousness.  Everything else available was slightly subpar, from the dried out, overcooked chicken wings (not spicy at all by the way) to the pad thai that simply tasted like stir fried rice noodles.  I was disappointed.  There was a really yummy egg omelet with tomatoes and onions that i could've eaten alone with just steamed rice-but that shouldnt be the highlight for a place like this.. . Like I said, it was probably my fault for not ordering dishes that had been recommended by others.  We may try it again, who am I kidding, there are like 47,000 other restaurants in Vegas, baby!!! ;)
The wait at this "hole in the wall" (if you can call it that) is crazy.  I don't know why I thought that you can't make reservations, but the other ppl around me in line thought the same thing...well, at least misery had company.  A lot of it.  We were there 15min after it opened, but had over an hour wait for a table of two.  It was a real test of will power that we stayed since we had not eaten a meal today and had hiked through the Valley of Fire.  So by the time we sat down, we were ready to order.  Luckily, things came out within 10min of ordering.  Actually, we were sat in view of the kitchen and got to see Saipan herself run the kitchen.  She really does everything...she ran my container of sticky rice out.  I thought it refreshing that she didn't feel herself too important for such a menial task.  I ordered mostly Northern Thai cuisine:  nam prik noom (spicy green chili veggie dip to be eaten with fresh veggies, pork rind, and my favorite, sticky rice), koi soi (thai beef tartare), a catfish dish, and (don't think this is issan) drunken noodle with soft crab.  Everything was good.  Thai food is known for is cacophony of seemingly unmatched flavors that come together harmoniously in the final dish.  It's an experience for your mouth.  We've been to the Northern area of Thailand, and it's very authenti...not that we need to tell you guys that.  Though my husband thought everything was just ok until we got to the final dish:  Pad Thai.  I know, right?  We're at a Northern Thai restaurant, and we order Pad Thai.  I read that it was good, and I wanted to compare this dish to others I've had.  Though I disagree with husband on this one, he said that he'd come back just for this dish.  I'm not against that at all since there was a jackfruit dish I'm still quite curious about.  (There were a lot of foods we didn't get to try on our trip.)  Though next time, we'll either call to make reservations, or just get takeout.
Super pricey! Ridiculously small serving portions!. . My friends raved about this place so we had to check it out.  It is a big place but it gets packed.  So, make reservation.. . We ordered the special crispy duck with panang curry sauce, Thai fried rice, chilli mint catfish, ground pork, chicken curry, and stuffed chicken wings.. . The crispy duck is really really delicious! It is a must try! We did pay $20+ for 6/7 small slices of duck meat tho. . . The spicy chilli catfish was just ok.  It cost us $15 for literally 5/6 small pieces of fish.  The chilli mint ground pork tasted good but the serving portion was so small that we were almost upset.  Seriously, ground pork costs nothing.  Fried rice was good but nothing special.. . We did have the sticky rice and mango dessert.  It is to die for.. . Overall, food is decent but prices are not acceptable for Thai food.  I would suggest you go for the Chef's specials such as the crispy duck and beef stew.  They are all over $20 a dish but at least they are special.  Don'torder the typical Thai food that you can get it somewhere else at a much cheaper price.. . We probably won't go back because all we really did was loading up on steam rice so we didn't have to leave hungry.
I've been here a couple times lately.  The lunch buffet is very good and a great deal at like $11.  I'll return for that again.  However the sea bass dinner did not impress me at all.  I'm pretty fussy on my fish and this just didn't seem fresh enough for me.  I will stick to the regular thai food on future visits.  Service was top notch on both visits.
We came here for this place several times and everytime it is fully committed. But hey don't give up that's why we are here now! When I arrived, I asked for a party of 2, and the wait time is 30-40 min, it was barely 5:30! You can tell how busy it is so I will say if you have somehting planned later that night, make sure you have enough time as they do not take reservation. . . 25 min later we got seated at a small table by the wall. The server came right away and asked for our drinks. They appeared to be nice and friendly. The place is a bit noisy because of how busy they are but that's how most Asian restaurants here, and I actually think it is more authentic that way.. . After looking at the menu, we ordered Beef Skewer (No.6 on Appetizer) It was amazing! The sauce that came with it is creamy and yummy! For entrees, my boyfriend ordered pork pad thai which is amazing as well. But for my yellow pork curry, I am not too impressed. I think personally I am used to Indian curry which is thick and creamy , so when I tried Thai curry , it is too watery for me. The veggie inside is not too cooked in my opinon, and I ordered a 7 out of a 10 spicy scale  which is way too spicy than any other 7 at other Thai places.. . After all, I still think of it as a good Thai food option, but I kind of think it is over rating on yelp, especially after a 30min wait. I still prefer Le Thai on Fremont Street better. . But I will return and try some other items on the menu if chances come.
long wait, pricey.  food is just fine.  not worth 5 stars.
Ok.. first let me say.. I'm not big on spicy food so this probably isn't going to be a fair review for you spicy food lovers.  My husband and I visited this restaurant for lunch and missed the lunch crowd thank goodness!  We ordered the pork satay which I really liked,  drunken noodles with prawns.. good but I thought the prawns were overcooked so they were chewy and they were not clean.. nothing like seeing that black stripe!  My husband liked them... he did agree they were overcooked but he said they're deep fried.. no excuse.. and he loved the crispy shell.  The noodles were good but I thought a bit chopped and sticky .. maybe that is normal.  We also had the chicken pad thai noodles.. i know I know.. typical american dish no real thai lover would order ... now.. I understand it should be spicy and it probably is really good to you heat seekers but the not spicy version... tasted like noodles tossed in ketchup.  For desert we ordered the fried banana and coconut ice cream which were separate orders we had them combine.  They were good together but I'm not sure I would have liked the bananas without the ice cream.  Would I go back.. I think I would and maybe try the buffet... should you try it.. I think you should .. especially if you like spicy food.
I remember reading a food blogger's thoughts on eating at Thai vs Chinese restaurants.  EXCELLENT Chinese cuisine is a rare find, but you will be hard pressed to find a bad Thai joint.  Excluding some specialty items, the general menu tastes like common Thai fare.  We had the Nam Prik Ong (it is an Asian version of crudites served with a shrimp paste which is fishy, salty and sweet, very similar to the Filipino Bagoong), A Pork BBQ dish, Green Curry and Phad Thai.  I enjoyed other places' versions better (eeep).  Although their prices are cheap, very reasonable.. . I guess what really sets this place apart is its impressively extensive wine list.  From a humble entrance with waiting times lasting up to 2 hours, you are greeted by a large cellar filled with wine from around the world.  I'm not sure how these pair perfectly with Thai cuisine but I'm thinking any wine aficionado will enjoy this visit.  So go for the lobster, sea bass and German wine.  Otherwise, you can always get seated immediately at the numerous Thai options in Vegas.. . Want to see some food porn? :-) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=Pc4P-W9mUQou5gbz5ps4Wg#Pc4P-W9mUQou5gbz5ps4Wg
This white boy likes the duck soup.
Dishes sampled include:  . . Tod Mun Plar - Deep Fried Fish Cake with Curry Paste, Cucumber Salad, Chopped Peanut. . Koong Sarong - Marinated Prawn wrapped in Bacon and Wonton wraps, deep fried, sweet and sour. . Nam Kao Tod - Crispy Rice with Sour Sausage, Green Onion, Fresh Chili, Ginger, Peanuts, Lime Juice. . Crispy Duck on Drunken Noodle with Fresh Chili and Thai Basil. . Beef Balls Noodle Soup with small rice noodles. . Hoh Mok Seafood - Steamed with egg, sliced cabbage, coconut milk, curry sauce, cooked in tinfoil with its own juices. . Fried mussel omelet on top of sauteed bean sprout, green onion, spicy sweet sauce. . Often traveling and dining solo or with persons not so adventurous I'm always glad when a friend or even a stranger is interested in dining somewhere outside my typical focus and on Christmas Eve, with a number of restaurants closed even in Las Vegas, I was fortunate to have an acquaintance well established in the food industry invite me to dine with he and his girlfriend at Lotus of Siam.  Surely the most 'famous' restaurant in Las Vegas and debatably the most well-known place for Thai in the United States the nondescript strip-mall location on Sahara Ave had always been on my "to visit" list and although my heat tolerance is still quite novice what I found at LoS was well within my comfort zone and aside from the nearly ninety minute wait for a seat and perfunctory service all of it was really quite delicious.. . Fortunate to visit on a day when Chef Saipin was in the kitchen and the crowd was largely local our table of three tried as best we could to sample a wide but manageable amount of food from various areas of the immense menu and deferring once or twice to our server, Pha, we requested items arrive in a couple of courses as opposed to all at once; a request honored leading to seven plates in three rounds, each plate nicely presented, piping hot, and all but the Beef Ball soup full of flavor.. . Beginning first with savory fish cakes aromatic and spicy, prawns snappy and fresh with dipping sauce far sweeter than sour, and crispy rice with citrus proving an admirable foil to funky sausage the meal began with a bang only to falter slightly in the second round where the seafood shined while the aforementioned soup fell flat and the duck, advertised as crispy, was actually rather limp but quite delicious as the garlicky noodles, laden with fish sauce, provided needed balance to the substantial heat.  Last, largely because the kitchen forgot we ordered it until we inquired, but certainly not least - the Mussel Omelet arrived resembling a savory funnel cake - a slight sweetness beneath the brine and along with the Nam Kao Tod and Hoh Mok evidence to me that any subsequent trip to Lotus of Siam would see me focus even more strongly on seafood - particularly the snapper and catfish - while also taking a look at the Northern Thai menu.
Two highlights in my experience here: . . 1) Super sketchy shopping plaza on the outside with random people biking around asking if they can wash our car rims.... somehow transformed into a very grand-looking restaurant on the inside. . . 2) Super extensive menu selection... which is both good and bad. I like it because there's lots to choose from to try without overlapping with other people, but the downfall is that it takes forever to go through the selections (especially when you're trying to look on Yelp for what's good and you can't even find it in the menu).. . That aside, the food was decent. I had the drunken noodles with seafood. Flavorful and nicely portioned. I wasn't amazed, but I was satisfied. If the price tag was a little less, that would more appropriate.. . I think the best experience here is if you are more daring and willing to splurge on a more expensive and special dish.
This place has awesome ratings on both yelp and zagat, but i was so disappointed. My expectations must've been too high. I WILL give them props for having the *best* and most smooth Thai Iced Tea I've ever had in my life though. Onto their food? The waiter suggested their duck in red curry. The duck meat tasted a bit... expired.. and rotten. It was also rough, and the curry lacked in flavor. We also ordered a green curry with chicken, which wasn't bad, but it didn't amaze me. I've had much better green curry at any reg Thai joint back home in New York. Now... the appetizer that the waiter said we HAD to order was GROSS. It's some crispy rice sort of thing.. and it's sour, and sour, and sour, and also expired tasting. Why is it their most popular item? People in Vegas must be weird then, sorry guys. . . Oh, the lady behind the bar area was also rude. She had a huge diamond on her finger and wasn't in a uniform, so she might be some kind of owner/manager. To me though, that means you should step it up a level and be even more nice, not be a snotface. Skinny face, medium long black hair, pale, slender asian woman with a big rock -- BEWARE OF HER, she will make your whole meal unpleasant.
To start off it took about 10 minutes for someone to come take our drink order, and at least 10 more to take our food order.  We started with a Tom Yum hot pot, and it was okay, I've had better.  The kids had the combo fried rice which was quite yummy, and we also tried the pad see ew.  It was delish, had a very good stir fried flavor.  We also ordered some kind of steak salad, which was just too sweet, we could only handle a couple bites.  All in all, I've had better thai food for taste, price, and portion size.  If you are ever in  Austin, TX head over to Titaya's for awesome Thai.
Food was good I have to admit.  But only issues I have is Why so long of a wait especially after 6:30 PM?  After my party was seated around 7 PM, I went to their big room by the bar area, And saw they had so much plenty of space left at least 30 seats available.  So not sure why they keep making people wait outside for so long, That's the reason why I gave it three stars.
We give this place 3 stars. The service was great but the food didn't amaze us.. . We ordered:. . Pad Thai: our favorite noodle dish that we always order.  The amount in the plate is fairly small compared to all the pad thai's we've had so I was disappointed.  The sauce and noodle ratio was off because there was too much sauce.  Despite this, we liked the pad Thai.. . Shrimp Fried Rice: again, very small amount. We had to order two more sides of white rice (there was only two of us).. . Pad Prik King: it was spicy and that was about it. I honestly don't remember the taste because it didn't make an impact on my taste buds.  There was nothing remarkable about this dish.  Won't be ordering this again.. . Yellow Curry:  I LOVE YELLOW CURRY.  But this was probably the worst yellow curry I've ever tasted.  Not because it was disgusting, but because the chicken had no taste.  The soup part of the curry was good but once I bit into the chicken, there was no taste.  Absolutely disappointing.. . Overall, since we rarely come to Vegas, we probably will never be back to this place again the next time we vacation because there are so many other restaurants in Vegas.  The food in this place was a miss on our first visit so we will try other restaurants.
I'm sort of in the boat with about half of the reviews here and I agree that the food didn't amaze us as much as we had hoped for.  I was really excited to try this place out after reading all the reviews and seeing it featured on the Food Network a dozen times but we came out a little disappointed.  There were some dishes that we liked but others were just eh ... . . It's located in some random strip mall that is pretty remote.  It's really the only place that looked open in the entire huge plaza.  There were some cars parked outside but as soon as we stepped inside the restaurant, I had no idea how big it was and how many people can fit inside this place.  After seeing all the people, I realized that all the cars parked outside were solely there to just eat at this location.  So of course, you start to get really excited. . . We made reservations for 8:30pm on a Friday night and we didn't have to wait at all unlike the walk-ins who had to wait about 45 min to an hour.. . We ordered the following (ranked in order of like/dislike):  . . Tom Kha Gai Soup - this was by far the best tom kha gai soup that we've had.  They cook it based on a Bangkok style (not sure what that means) but it's freaking good.  We got the medium spicy level which was a bit too spicy for my husband (he usually eats average spicy) but I loved it (I can take red hot spicy) and I actually wished it was a bit more spicier for me.  You can order it by cup, bowl or pot which is nice.  We ordered a bowl for the two of us and it was a little too much.  We still had some leftover that I really wanted to finish but we wanted to save room for the other stuff. . . Drunken Noodles with Soft Shell Crab - we were a little disappointed with this dish.  It has a lot of potential to be a great dish but when we got our noodles, they were stuck together in massive clumps and it came out mushy.  They didn't separate out the noodles and that part of the dish was just bad.  The flavoring was awesome and the soft shell crab on top was delicious.  I think it had to do with them being in a rush since the place was packed and I can tell they just wanted to serve you and get you out the door as soon as possible.  I would rather go back when it's not as busy and try this dish again to see if the noodles will actually be separated this time because this was a great dish but the noodles just fell flat for us. . . Deep Fried Garlic Prawns - this was another okay dish.  The prawns are deep fried so that you can also eat the shell.  The crunchy shells are amazing but we felt like there was something lacking from the flavor of the garlic prawns, almost like it needed a dipping sauce or something else.  We actually took them and dipped them in the drunken noodle sauce which made them taste better. . . Massaman Curry with Chicken - I kept reading about all the reviews for the curry so we had to order one to try.  The portion size of this curry was pretty small.  It was a very sweet curry and almost too sweet for my tastes which is odd because I love anything sweet.  The curry itself didn't have as thick of a texture as I'd like.  And there was nothing unique about this curry.  It tastes like curry that you can get from any other Thai place.  . . Overall, we were slightly disappointed with the meal and we thought everything was okay not the greatest like everyone else points out in their reviews.  I would only go back if I had a reservation because I don't think it's worth the wait.  And I would only back to try this place out on an off hour when it's not so busy just so I can compare the drunken noodles.
All the hype - we were so excited! Truly disappointed. Each dish was no more than a 6/10 and we love Thai, so we were hoping for magic. Sadly the dishes were small, the Penang curry was bland and the noodles were mush. Funny, best thing if the night was the wine...$30 Italian, Barbera and it was liquid gold...saved the night. Won't be going back again!
Food is good...but the portions have gotten smaller
Starting to feel a little less generous about my rating for Lotus.. . The last few trips have been sub par compared to my first two. Waiters have been less attentive and rarely return to check up on your meal unless they are hurrying you to finish your meal so they can turnover the table. Food has been arriving to the table lukewarm and under or overcooked. Portions are even getting smaller.. . I'm kind of embarrassed because I highly recommended this restaurant to my friends visiting and they were less than impressed. The only constant is the mango sticky rice. . . Not exactly planning my next trip backanytime soon...
I have never had Thai before so when my team decided to get it I said can't hurt. We ordered early and it was ready promptly. The people aimed to please and were efficient. They also stuck to our time boundaries so they didn't lose a customer!. We had pad thai, drunken noodles, chicken fried rice, sweet and sour chicken and a spicy beef salad. Now I don't like pasta/noodles but the pad Thai was great with chicken. Nice flavor but barely any chicken. The sweet and sour chicken was good but barely any chicken there as well. What we did have was a nice balance and it was nice that the chicken wasn't fried. The curry varied depending on who you asked and the drunken noodles were good just had to use fork and knife to cut a piece as one big cluster. . What Food I had, I  liked the flavor to, just need more balance of components. I don't know if would go back though as not big on rice and noodles and most dishes had one or other. I learned Thai isn't the healthiest as felt greasy after eating it too. Oh and we all agreed, didn't feel full during but after we all did!
This place was good. I've tried it twice so far debating on what I should rate it. From all the reviews, I guess I had really huge expectations from this place especially since I am a big Thai food lover.. . One thing I really like about this place is that the menu has Northern style cuisine. I actually have never tried Northern style Thai so it was a really cool change of pace. . . A big tip is that this place gets packed during busy hours. I came once for lunch and there was about 1-130 hr wait so I had to eat somewhere else. There was no way I was going to wait an hour for lunch. The second time I came, I came after dinner time around 900 and we still had to wait about 15 mins to be seated. The third time, I made reservations around 530 and had no problems getting a table.. . The service is good. When it's not too busy the waiters will be on point. But when it starts getting busier, you realize that you don't exactly have a certain waiter assigned to you and it's pretty much a free for all. The more packed it is, the less good service you'll receive. When I came around 530 when it was empty, the waiters were really fast on our demands. But by the time it was hitting 700, it was hard to track down our waiter bc he was off running somewhere else.. . We ordered an array of food. Drunken noodles with sea bass and soft shell crab, garlic prawns, panang curry with crispy duck, mussels and beef satay. All were okay. Nothing spectacular of sort. The drunken noodles were really OILY!! I have no idea why people keep raving about it but it's so doused with sauce and the noodles get soggy. The noodles break apart easily that whenever you pick it up with chopsticks you can't get a good bite. The garlic prawns were okay. I really like the crispness but I expected more garlic. Did not have a hint of garlic to it. My favorite was the panang curry with crispy duck. The duck was super crispy even when soaked in curry and the panang curry is sooo good!! The only downside to this dish is that they give you TOO LITTLE CURRY compared to the amount of duck!!!. . Overall, this place is good. I don't think it's spectacular as some people rave it to be. Its not really authentic too bc I've had some authentic Thai and it tastes better. Other than that it's a good spot to know if you're craving Thai.
I don't know what alllll the hype is about. There were 2 dozen people lined up outside waiting for it to open at 5pm, really?!?!? . . Service - average. Not bad, not good.  (They brought out a dessert for my bff bday but didn't have a candle.) . . -Pad thai - very good. No better than Archie's though. . . - Fried soft shell crab curry (?) crab was mushy in the fried shell after 10 minutes. .  . - chicken skewers - average. . . -papaya salad - tasty but not worth waiting in line for.
I had tried on 3 previous occasions to eat here but the wait was unacceptable.  I stopped by for lunch on my last trip to Vegas.  During the week they have a lunch buffet so I asked the host whether, my first time there, I should order off the menu or get the buffet.  He suggested ordering off the menu.  So I chose my normal red curry with chicken, medium heat.  The curry was good, I thought a bit mild for medium, but then I chomped down on a chunk of jalapeno that I thought was bell pepper that was not listed as an ingredient.  The only thing other than the chicken was some bamboo shoots and some basil and of course a whole jalapeno cut lengthwise. Also ordering off the menu takes a lot longer to get service and food. If I am in the area I may go to try the buffet as there seemed to be many regular customers taking part.  So far though I am very unimpressed, especially given the hype, and there are two other Thai restaurants I would prefer in Vegas.
It was good but service was spotty and dishes are small. This place is tucked in a ghetto looking mall. Interior was nice with large selection of wine. Drunken noodle with soft shell crab was not all that. pad thai was good.
Good tasting thai food, but the portion sizes are ridiculous for the price. Waiter was very nice and attentive. Overall, I'm glad I tried this place, but I won't be returning. (:
After reading so many positive reviews about this place, there was no stopping us from visiting.  We arrived at 9:30pm, half an hour before closing on a Saturday of Labor Day Weekend.  We were seated almost immediately but the restaurant was packed with more people waiting to get in.. . We ordered two dishes that everyone seems to be talking about: soft shell crab drunken noodles and garlic prawns.  The dishes came out very quick and efficient.  The drunken noodles was a disappointment because the noodles were lukewarm and clumped together.  The battered soft shell crab was warm and delicious but combine it with the noodles, it was not good.  . . The crispy prawns, on the other hand, was astounding.  The garlic batter is insanely good.  The way they fry it is neat - the peel the shell off of the crab but not all the way, they leave the shell on connected at the tail and they fry the entire thing.  When it comes out, the jumbo prawns itself and the shell are fried.  You get a bit of calcium eating the shell.  . . It was a 50-50 experience.  I'm sure if the noodles were hot and soft, this place would be a 4.5 to 5 star experience.  Service was good and efficient.
Service was excellent; ordered chicken with basil and chilis; green papaya salad and seafood spagetti.  Stir fried chicken with basil was really excellent.  The papaya salad was incredibly small for the $9 price.  Really, the restaurant can do better.  Spagetti was so-so.  But, I can see why the restaurant has a lot of fans.  We arrived before Monday night opening, and there was already a line.  Wasn't my cup of tea.
Food is okay but so over rated, thai restaurant in same shopping center should try. . I probably will not come back, service is ok
OK I am very skeptic when someone tells me that's its better than  Thai food in Thailand. There are only a couple of ways that you can cook Thai food. The wait was too much for me. It reminded me of people waiting in line at pinks hotdogs in L A. Not much in Taste but big on hype. Don't get me wrong the food was great but not a place that I would overly try to rate or tell someone it's the best. If you want to know what hype is then this is it. If you order alacart combination fry rice you receive a cup and a 1/2 of it. Leave everyone wanting more and ordering more. Bar-b-Que chicken is actually Cornish hens. The portions are very small and this is where the trick lies. If you serve small portions you leave not completely satisfied but satisfied creating this nostalgic feeling of awesome food. The science of food portion and presentation is in play here, but try it. Make your own judgment. Is it the best awesome brilliant Thaifood you've had?
I give this a 3 because the portions are really small. Not for family eating. Food was all right. I like the thai beef salad. House special fried right is a small bowl of nothing, pad see eww has no flavor, they messed up our order, expected the second batch to be great? Nope, it sucks. Come here went you ate something beforehand, cos you will continue to starve when you leave. Not coming here again. Not worth 4 stars!!
Really a 3.5 stars.  We opted for menu rather then buffet (kind of an expensive alternative, bill was $65 without drinks versus $22).   Chen was the server and was so fantastic.  . Location: In the ghetto in the shittiest shopping center I have seen.  I honestly expected to get shanked on the way in.  I think I have been to the tranny bar in the corner of this exact shopping mall on a seedier Vegas trip (not joking).. Facility:  Surprisingly nice.  Updated and some nice finishes.  In typical Thai restaurant fashion, a bit hodge podge, but it was clean.. Food:  The garlic pepper prawns are amazing.  Soups were flavorful and super yum.  I wish I had ordered the bowls as the cups were not enough.  The Papaya salad was good, but not very flavorful (where is the chili?!?).  The north thai coconut curry dish was relish..... . This would have been a 4 star but there was a BIG BLACK HAIR in my food.  Ewwww.  I got Chen's attention and subtlety pointed it out without saying a word to not embarrass the restaurant or draw attention.  A quick apology and they remade it (about 10 minutes later).  But, come on, give us a drink or an appetizer while we wait or something.  . . Glad we tried it, would not return.
Despite the reviews cautioning against dreadful crowds and long waits, we had no troublegetting seated immediately at 7 pm on a Friday night. This is probably the most spacious Thai restaurant I've ever been to - in addition to accommodating multiple large party banquets at the time of our dinner, the restaurant was also serving patrons seated at the full bar (a traditional Thai restaurant with a full bar - classic Vegas; complete anomaly). . . Despite the strong fight put up by the drunken noodles and the tom yum noodle soup, I ultimately went for the pork larb ($8.95) with a side of sticky rice ($2) per my waiter's recommendation on the basis of both popularity and healthiness. According to him, the larb - consisting of "lean" ground pork mixed with red and green onions and cilantro bathed in a spicy/fishy chili lime dressing, accompanied by a few cucumber slices and a petite wedge of raw cabbage - is prepared with no fat and is one of the most popular menu items. While the dish was undeniably tasty, I found it to be wildly underwhelming on the whole - the flavors tasted exactly identical to the seasoning packets used in Mama brand ramen (which I love but don't need to pay restaurant prices for). The biggest disappointment of all was the dismally poor quality of the pork. Contrary to my waiter's word, the meat was EXTREMELY fatty, and I found myself picking out the visible chunks of fat as I ate. I definitely should've gone for the shrimp instead, but we were in a hurry and didn't have time to wait for a new dish to come out. The sticky rice was a more moderate disappointment - the rice used is a longer grain than what I encountered in Thailand, so it was more fluffy than sticky. Save yourself $1 and just order the regular steamed rice. . . Even though I wasn't impressed with what was a solid 2 star meal, I attribute that more to mis-ordering than bad establishment. Service was fantastic, and you can tell the chef takes great pride in the restaurant and cooking/her food in general. I'm not sure along which basis people can claim this is the best Thai food in America, but I'd be interested in returning if I ever get the chance to try the more specialty / creative menu items, such as the drunken noodles and various seafood offerings - I'd just recommend staying away from the pork.
I came here with a friend between classes and first impression is that I didn't expect to see what was inside. From the outside the business doesn't look too impressive but in the inside it is very spacious, modern looking and was pretty crowded during lunch time.. . I decided to have the buffet which was $10.99. A little pricey but had to try it out. I would have to say that all the dishes at the buffet were good but not great. I tried the Pad Thai, fried rice, fried banana, chicken curry (Good but a little spicey) and egg rolls.. . Overall, like I said the food was good but not the best I ever had. Con was that there was not much variety but was satisfactory. Next time I will be sure to try the entrees.
I really really really wanted to like this place, especially seeing all the wonderful reviews and all the awards this place has gotten....but I just couldn't :(. . The ambiance of the restaurant is alright, nothing fancy but the service is wonderful. It is located in a strip mall and if you don't have a car you will need to hire a taxi. If you have a car there is plenty of parking but beware it is easy to miss the turn into the complex.. . On to the food!! The food was well disappointing :( The chicken satay was good, but not "oh wowey here go my taste buds" good. My mom did say that they tasted exactly like the ones she had in Indonesia when she was young, so maybe it is more of an authentic taste and my Americanized taste buds didn't like it??? . . On to the panang curry!! We just had panang curry at Wazuzu the other day at the Wynn and I gotta say the curry at Wazuzu and this one were identical and Iwould go as far to say the one at the Wynn was better :-O So not what I expected from a place with so many accolades. The other curry we ordered was alright....not much flavor and well kinda bland....*sad face*. . All in all the food was alright, not the best I have had. My suggestion.....go somewhere else I know I won't be coming back here again.
Actually would give it 2.5 stars. Food is ok but I liked the place, very large 2 dining rooms and don't feel like the traditional Thai restaurant. Had chicken basil thai style thai hot and it was hot! Small portion and flavor was ok. Had wontons which were also ok. Liked being off strip and need to find more local finds.
It was okay. I was expecting some truly amazing food or theme.  In reality, it was just average. I base it on the fact that I have some pretty good Thai food where I live, priced the same as hereand pretty comparable environment that in comparison, I'd have to say this is nothing special to go out of your way for.  . . I would recommend this place only if you want some decent Thai food off the strip, in a local popular restaurant.
It was good but sorta pricey for what we got. Four of us spent about 100 after tax/tip for lunch. Not the best thai food I've ever had but probably the best bang for your buck in Vegas. Especially if you go for their buffet from what I hear. . . If you really want thai food then go here, but I doubt I'll come here again. Next time I'm in vegas I'll hold off the thai food cravings until I'm back in Cali.
This place was just okay.  I feel like it didn't live up to the hype.  I went with the drunken noodles per the yelpers recommendations. It is a dish I am not experienced with, so maybe it just wasn't for me, but it was nothing special.  My wife had the pad thai with chicken which was okay but not great.  With all the rave reviews I was really hoping to be blown away.  The staff here was also suspect.  They seated us at the bar while we waited for a table but then didn't come to offer us any beverages.  I understand that it was near the end of the shift, but close the restaurant when it is closed, not when it is almost closed.  The bartender ignored us and just went about cleaning up his area.  Lame.  I would be willing to come back here and give this place another try, but I truly was let down this go around.
Don't judge a book by its cover. This restaurant is located in an unassuming shopping plaza but the inside decor & food is definitely worth the visit if you're ever in the area. The Thai iced coffee was good. We shared a few dishes family-style:. . Appetizer: . - Chicken wings: very good. - Fish cake: flavorful. - Papaya salad: refreshing but the dressing is a bit spicy. . Entree: . - Green Curry: def recommend!. - Stir fried vegetables w/ crispy pork: def recommend!. - Seafood drunken noodles: recommend; lots of flavor. - Pad Thai: ordinary, nothing too special
Went here while on my mini-moon in Vegas this past November.  The strip mall it's in is sorta ghetto and depressing (tons of parking, though), but the restaurant itself is nice and quaint.  I heard that it's tough to get a table, so we got there about 10 mins before they opened on a Wednesday.  There were already two other people waiting for them to open, as well.  A steady stream of folks were filling up the seats as soon as they opened.  By the time we left, almost all the tables were full.. . The food is good, but to be honest, didn't blow my mind.  I think all the hype set my expectations pretty high.  The food was still great, though.  We ordered the larb to start.  It was tasty, but there was definitely a lot more rice than meat.  We also got the crsipy prawns, which was my fave. They take the shrimp out of the shell, but still leave it connected, then they deep fry it, so you have one part fried shell and one part fried shrimp.  Really tasty.  We got the drunken noodles, too.  They were OK - was like a brothy pad see ew.  I was expecting a thicker sauce, but it felt more soupy than saucey.  We didn't order wine, but their wine cellar was HUGE and they had a bunch of awards on the wall for their wine list.. . The service was AMAZING!  Extremely attentive, friendly and knowledgable.  They really made the experience great.  They also have a huge menu, so there's a lot of dishes to choose from.  . Overall, I'm glad we went, just so we can say that we tried it.  If we're in that part of town, will ddefinitely go again.
The ambiance was much better on the inside than out, and I must admit I was expecting a lot more food. My family and I love Thai food and we've been to a few spots already. So leaving hungry wasn't good but it was still a nice restaurant. Not a fan of feeling claustrophobic while waiting to be seated; however I will still say the food was good but I've had better. I LOVE FOOD! Looking forward to trying more Thai food places as this one didn't leave a lasting impression.
