I wanted to give this show 2.5 stars, Yelp needs to let us rate half points! . . The performers are amazing and their talent alone earns the show 2.5 stars. I think they should work on their choreography, when they rip off their top the act of "unveiling" isn't sexy, more like random. I think the nude part of the show would have been hotter as more of a strip tease act combined with cirque-esque performances. But that's not really what peeved me about the show. The show had WAY too much dialogue period and the dialogue was terrible! Watching the show reminded me of when I was in grade school and I had just learned a few swear words and I wanted to drop an F-bomb in every sentence. Puleeeeaassse! I know this was their attempt on making the show funny but it missed the mark and made it totally tacky. There were some amusing parts of the show, they had a comedian lady who did a liquor filled breast implants skit that made me and pretty much everyone else laugh out loud but most of the time she was more cheese than funny. I wouldn't recommend you see this show unless you get a student discount, or one of those deals at the half off tickets place. Shell out a few more dollars and see Cirque's "O" show!
If you're a prude, just stay home. . If you're not into sexual innuendoes, don't come.. If you're afraid to see 'boobies', this is not the show for you.. It's not one of my favorite cirque shows but it's not entirely bad either.. It's a little cabaret, a little burlesque, a little typical cirque.. The closer you sit to the stage, the more likely you will be a part ofthe show. If you're not up for this, then don't get seats so close.
woah...different is what I an say...loved the host she's very entertaining.  Definitely go with a open mind because its nothing like any other Cirque show.
Frank-n-furter / Liza Minnelli host was campy and cheesy, some acts were gorgeous, some were less so. Lacked the Cirque du Soliel OMG wow factor. The show was a mix of funny and sexy, but we have high expectations from previous CdS performances.. . Highlights: . - solo aerial bondage orgasm act: hot!. - buff flying midget. - school girl aerial hula-hooping and . - 2 girls in a fish bowl. - 2 guys wrestling in a cage with homoerotic tension. - final orgy scene is spicy and playful. - seeing incredibly fit cirque performers nearly nekid. . Low points:. - audience members chosen for participation were duds last night, boring and inhibited.. - comedy acts were hit and miss. - show closed with two old people slow dancing, yawn. - uber cheesy dialog: "isn't love grand!". - line for drinks was smokey and very very slow. - cast doesn't come out to the lobby after the show. . Worth seeing, maybe not worth $300 for a front row love seat (although being that close was a treat). . Take a date, don't take your mom.
Sex and Cirque!  What a great idea right! Well the show is very solid. I don't really like stage setup though or the facility that New York New York holds it in. For it be such a small venue the seats feel far back. The performance were good but not amazing like the ones I have seen in other shows. The Hula hoop girl is pretty good though.
I heard before seeing this show that you either love it or you hate it.  I was actually right in between.  It's not the best Cirque show in my opinion, but is unique and entertaining for sure.  There were moments I was a little bored, but then there were some amazing acrobatic moments as well.  I'm totally middle of the road with this one.  I'll definitely say though that if you aren't open-minded, scratch this show off your list and move onto the next.  ;)
I prefer other cirque du soleil Shows.
It was entertaining only because you see boobies and it got some good funny parts with interaction with the crowds.  Other than that no WOW factor on stage design or arial moves.  Just topless girls tumbling and dancing and the girls were ok nothing HOT.  If you want to see a sexual show with some hot girls i recommend crazy horse at mgm.
Dirty. Raunchy. and Boobies. . . Located in NYNY, I begged the boyfriend to taxi it there cause it was hot outside and I was laaaaaazy. heheh. So yes, we taxied it to the end of the strip and waited in a loooong line. Surprising because it was a line for people already with tickets. I don't know why it took so long. ;( poo. We came in and took pictures. The ladies who took our pictures were creative and the sweetest dears ever. Came into the show a little late but I dont' think we missed much. Bf was pleased that there was more boobie action as opposed to the other option. I mean I give it credit for being creative and nice use of all the boobies they've got running around on that stage, but I've seen my fair share of cirque shows but this one wasn't my favorite. Audience interaction was lacking and some of the jokes were a little dry. And to be honest, after being in the sun all day and etc I fell asleep during some parts. I had to pinch myself to stay awake and drink my soda constantly.
This was fun. Got a little board at times.
When my friends and I were talking about seeing a Cirque show, one of my friends mentioned that she wanted to see this because it was a very adult themed show. I thought I wouldn't have fun, but I actually enjoyed it. . . It's by no means "O", but it was still pretty good. I think because I've seen the best that I'm always going to use it as a benchmark to compare any Cirque shows I will see. This show does have acrobatics and such, but in the same magnitude as "O". . . The audience engagement is quite amusing! An old lady was brought to the stage for the orgy scene and she was enjoying herself a little too much! She was really getting into it with one of the performers, the madame hostess had to put her on the spotlight but she kept on and on! Another fave was the 2 swimming ladies in the huge fishbowl sort of thing. That was insanely good. Another one of my faves was the guy who would occasionally fly in with this huge cloth like wings that's probably 30 feet across. Random, but amusing. . . Female performers are almost always baring their breasts, male performers are dressed almost like Chippendales guys. So don't go if you're easily offended by this. . . Paid around $80 (including our student discount, which you should take advantage of if you're a student, as one valid student I.D. is good for 2 people) and had nice seats. Great deal.
Zumanity - the sensual side of Cirque du Soleil. . I don't know if I'm quite sold..... . I heard great things about this show, and I was really excited to see it.  It was hot and raunchy, but some of the skits were kind of.. unnecessary?  I know they're trying to add comedy into the mix.. but some of it was just blehh..  Random?  I was expecting sexy costumes, sexual acrobats.. I guess there was some of that.. but I was hoping for more.. . The hostess.. or host.. (it was a guy dressed in drag and he was AWESOME at it!) was pretty good.  I really liked how she would engage the audience and ask, "So what does this make you want to do?"  It's always such an awkward response - hilarious!. . The black girl with the African ensemble was freaking AMAZING.  She had the body of a goddess, and her dancing was hypnotizing.  Terrific performer.. . The singing was ok.. . The dancing was ok.  . . More acrobatics please.  I like the fishbowl skit.. MORE OF IT!!. . There was just too much talking.. . In the end, I was just not turned on!  :P
As a CDS fan, and one who've seen many of their shows, I can't say that this one sold me.. . I knew this would be a sexual show, but it wasn't as sexual as I thought it would be; just topless female performers, very ripped male performers, sexual dancing, and a hostess in drags. There didn't seem to be a theme with this show, except, sexuality I guess. Unlike most CDS, this one was somewhat funny. They asked for volunteers, one male and one female. Of course the show I went to was funny because the female volunteer was buzzed and slutty - a very entertaining combination! The poor male volunteer was frightened and a bit confused whether he should go along with the act and risk getting slammed by his gf/wife later, or hold himself back.. . What did excite me (no pun intended) was the entrance to the theatre. There were peepholes in the velvet-covered walls of the walkway that had provocative pictures; I thought that was very creative and unique. The lighting was red and dark; evoking a bedroom theme .. . Of course, the performers were all amazing at their acts. Some acts were more riveting than others, but all so talented nonetheless.
Pretty good show. If you're in Vegas, I recommend seeing it (and stay far FAR away from the"CSI: Experience", it is ungodly terrible). There is a lot of crowd interaction that personalizes Zumanity. It's filled with tons of comedic skits. However, I expected it to push the envelope further with the sexual idea---considering it's Vegas---but the show is pretty tame in that respect. Overall, a good show that is well worth the price.
I really wanted to love this show, but I guess my expectations were too high. This was the first Cirque du Soleil show I watched, and it was pretty entertaining, though I wasn't "wowed" or anything.The girls were hot. The guys were hot. There were jokes (some funny, some not so much). Acrobats. Dancing. They even grabbed some audience members to join in on their sexy fun.. . The show wasn't very cohesive, but nonetheless, it was a good show, though I wouldn't watch it again. I definitely want to see "Love" and "O" next time.. . Would I recommend this show? Yes, if what you're looking for is something a little more "adult" and sensual. Personally, it just wasn't my thing, but this is definitely a good production.
Not quite four stars, but I wish they had three and a half. This show is everything it says it is and isn't. Topless women in bath tubs, topless acrobatics, topless everything. And I'm afraid to say, slightly naked men for the women in the audience as well.. . Ive watched this show twice. Surprisingly it doesn't disappoint. And it's been changed up a bit as well. As far as jokes and sexual acts go and so forth. It really is a show for ones true wild side. Drag queens, half naked fat women. A practically elastic yet flexible guy. Crude humor, school girl outfits. People singing, instruments, I can go on. But why spoil it. . . It's art in motion in some sense. And very different from all the other cirque de soleil shows. Not for kids. And not for people who are easily offended. Especially if you sit up at the very front seats. Best believe you will be part of the show. Like it or not. It's a great change up, and is something you can't take your eye off of. I recommend this show to both young and old couples. It has a bit of everything.
i LOVE cirque du soliel shows, but this one got boring near the end. I guess because they put a ton of acrobatics near the end which does get repetitive, but it is a great show besides that. 98 percent of the females are toless. everyone wares a covering for their junk. there is a drag queen and fat naked ladies, plus a giglio and a sex obsessed couple which are funny and interact with the audience which i always appreciate but they need to revamp the last 20 mins which get boring
Zumanity was campy and entertaining.  It is a smaller scale cirque show that plays on audience interaction.  If you go expecting a burlesque show, rather than a classic cirque du soleil show you won't be disappointed.  I think I was a little disappointed as I was expecting something more in line with a classic cirque show.
I have seen a number of shows and a number of Cirque shows since I have lived in Vegas. This show was good, but it wasn't what I would consider Cirque Good. It is a very entertaining show, nice crowd interaction comedy interspersed with some music singing and other talent performances.. . I am fortunate enough to have a friend in another Cirque show who got us some comp tickets for last night's show. I don't know if I would have liked the show as much had I paid full price for the tickets. . . As mentioned, it was an entertaining and good show. It just wasn't *Cirque du Soleil Good* in my eyes.
The in-between interactive acts with the audience was hilarious!!! It was my favorite part of the entire show. The overall show was entertaining, but it wasn't as technical as all the other Cirque du Soleil productions. I saw a lot of acrobatic acts, which I thought was ok-- nothing that I found impressive nor had left me at awe. . . I would still recommend people to go just to see what it's all about. Maybe you'll enjoy the show more than I did; especially if you get pulled on stage or sit near the stage area. =p
Before Believe dragged its douchy embarrassment into the Cirque world Zumanity was my least favorite. That said its not even close to that bad. . Why? I looked at it from two perspectives. Asa Cirque fan and looking at its "unique" content.. That's the trouble... I normally don't care for Vegas' risque shows. Not opposed, just not interested. I only saw Zumanity because it's a Cirque show. I'm not naive, I knew what I was getting into. I didn't expect the same as all the other shows. . From a pure Cirque perspective, it's just ok. The artistry and acrobatics can't compete with its bigger, broader appealing siblings. Even Mystere. That said it still has proper "Wow!" moments.. Buuuuuuuuuut... It's more than that. It takes on sexuality, seduction, etc. from a Cirque angle.  Except for the humor, it does this tastefully. It's provocative, sexy, etc, but not cheap or vulgar. Plenty of eye candy for men and women. Plus it's eye candy with impressive talents.. Buuuuuuuuuut... It's more (or less?!) than that. The humor is a big part of the show. It's crude, it's vulgar, and it's pretty funny. It's the only Cirque show that the characters call the clowns "clowns". Oh yeah! They speak  English! No Cirque gibberish! Refreshing. :-). . The Good: Taste- The humor is crude. The show seduces, teases, and dazzles with its sexuality. Just like real love, beauty, & lust.. The Bad: Sorry, but the Botero sisters are not sexy. They revel in innuendo and present like baboons, but they aren't sexy. Am I prejudiced or close minded or something? Maybe, but I find the obese the opposite of sexy.. The Warning: If you aren't a good sport or are easily offended, avoid the love seats!!! If you are cool with crude teasing and preferably attending with someone you're intimate with, go for it, but you've been warned...
2.5 Stars.. . DO NOT see this as your FIRST CIRQUE.  It is vastly different, and not quite as enthralling.  In fact, you wouldn't be missing much if you skipped it altogether.  It's a little "out there" sexually which I liked, but I thought the stunts were NOTHING compared to KA or Love.
It's more comedy and talking than acrobatics.  However, one particular act actually took my breath away because the performer did the stunts with no nets or wires and was really over the top risky.. . Don't sit front row.  I did, and it's totally not worth it, I wish we had been in the middle rows in the lower level.  All in all I wouldn't suggest seeing this at all, it's not that provocative or entertaining.
The acrobats were simply amazing.  The reason I gave this 3 stars instead of 4 or 5 is that I wish there would have been MORE of the acrobatics.. Some of the random acts in between that didn't have acrobatics could have been omitted in my opinion.  They weren't that funny and seemed sorta cheap.. I bought discounted tickets which I would recommend.  I don't think I'd paid full price for this.  Also, we sat on the balcony (cheapest seats), which I'd also recommend.  . I usually prefer to pay money for good seats, but the place where I bought them said that it wasn't really necessary.  Plus, if you are in the very front you have to be prepared to be called on stage....which I wasn't down for.  :). Anyway, the balcony was totally fine. The theatre isn't huge so we could see just fine.
Some of the performances are good, some acts in between are irritating and interrupt the flow of the show.
I've never seen so many breasts in one show! Funny, entertaining, and sexually explicit. The acts are pretty impressive, but I could have done without so many breasts in your face.  I'm not a prude or anything, but I felt that a lot of the acts did not need to be performed topless, the performers were just topless because of whatever sexy theme they were being forced to fulfill.. . I wouldn't pay full price for the tickets, save that for La Reve or Ka.  Get the M life card and save yourself 35% off show tickets or a student ID card for 25% off for Zumanity.
Seeing as I've been reviewing my recent Vegas adventures, I should probably get this one out of the draft burner.  I have a habit of letting drafts collect dust on Yelp.  So allow me to finish my four month old thoughts:. . Zumanity is said to be "adults only," but it's no Absinthe.  It caters to adults with a few raunchy jokes here and there.  And it caters to Vegas with a few topless acts.  But for the most part, it's very tame and even a bit campy.  I didn't find the show pushing the envelop on anything and it didn't appear at all sensual to me.. . I brought the boyfriend.  he enjoyed himself but didn't see why I fuss over Cirque du Soleil so much.  On reflection, I should have taken him to see something a bit more awe-inspiring (like "O").  . . A lot of the comedy is just heckling the nearby crowd.  And a lot of the acts highlighted in the program were absent during our particular show.  No midgets, no fat twins.  Perhaps that would have added some flavor to an otherwise lackluster evening.  Maybe I was suspecting something too outside the norm and my expectations were bridging on pornographic?  To me, this was a typical Cirque show with some dirty jokes and sexier outfits thrown into the mix.. . 50% off tickets for military.  So a good deal to fill a few hours of your time.
The actors were talented but it was pretty boring.  The MC was trying to be funny but was not cutting it.  Everyone was topless but you could not tell the difference between the men or the women.  It would have been more sexy if the women looked like woman with curves and boobs.  Absinth Show  @ Ceaser's was way way more fun!!!!
The show was great, the performers were awesome but the crowd management was horrible. Customers entered at-will during the entire show and created a distraction by obscuring the view of the stage. They do a better job at a baseball game.... . If you go see the show, sit in the front row.
This was my first Burlesque show and it wasn't so bad. Unfortunately I attended the show with a friend who made it a bit awkward for me. Overall I liked the show. Very sexy, and funny. Honestly, the only reason I saw this show was because the tickets were cheap and O wasn't available that night. The show is very erotic. For adults only.
Circus sex. The purgatory between acrobatics and a sensual topless show. If you like things mixed up crazy and topped off with awkward audience participation then this is your best bet when searching for the Cirque du Soleil show that fits your needs. But, if you are like me and want an adventure that makes you "Ooh and Aww" or (not and) a display that leaves you craving for physical satisfaction then look elsewhere. . . Zumanity just left me feeling confused. . . There are great performances, don't get me wrong.. but each time I felt myself captivated by either the a challenging stunt or a sexual display I was jerked into the opposite direction. It left me unsettled and left me wondering why I couldn't just be left alone! Either give me more extremely awesome hula hooping mid-air or  give me more faux-orgasm aerial silk, but do not give me both!! . . I'm not mad I saw this show, despite the $70 minimum ticket, but I would not ask for a repeat. I recommend watching the trailers for each of the Cirque du Soleil shows available in Vegas and picking which ones seem to suit your personality. I know I pushed my limits with this one and that is exactly what was delivered. If you do like sexy and adventure but not combined, perhaps try another acrobatic show and then follow it up with a purely topless venture. ;)
Got tickets from the discounted stand under Golden Nugget(?? forgot). Advertised as: "sensual" more like.."kinky"! it's a great show, not for the faint hearted or old asian people over 50s. (whom I saw, with the horrified "WTF look" on their face, and trying to figure out if they truly walked into the wrong show - LOL). . Content warning: guys kissing, female masturbating,  naked ballet dancers. if you can handle this. you'll love it. but boy, i feel bad for that large & old Asian family - who seriously looked like they have no idea what they got themselves into. . . Not recommended for: adults over 45. (aka. old people). Minorities of all races or Mormons. Anyone who are conservative or prudes (aka, Asian mothers)
We got a pretty good seat, about 5th row from the front and got a good view of everything. The show was pretty entertaining.  . I just find it weird how the host kept asking stuff  like "are you guys feeling horny?". Meh.. Not really.. I mean are we supposed to? If so, you guys shouldn't put comedy after every "sensual" or "sexy" acrobatic act. I can't feel horny when you guys are going around poking fun at people. . Aside from that, I find the show artistic and entertaining. I would've watched it the second time but I would probably do it after I watched other cirque show.
I thought the show was just OK.  The acrobatics were a little disappointing.  I think I'm comparing it to other Cirque du soleil shows which is why I wasn't that happy about it.  It was a little boring.....there wasn't really "coooool" moments.  It was mildly funny.  Go see it if there aren't any other tickets available but be sure to get the cheap tickets.
I hold a high standard to Cirque du Soleil shows, as I've seen and been impressed by a number of them over the years. . . Disclaimer: Don't get me wrong with my three stars, this show was still great. If you haven't seen a  Cirque du Soleil show, ignore my comments/rating. I went with the bf who had never been and he was highly impressed. This coming from a guy who has clearly stated he's not a show guy (after falling asleep at a broadway show in the real NYC). . . With that said, if you have seen one of the Cirque productions before, you might want to skip this one. The production was still good, but the overall quality of the show seemed to be taken down a notch due to a focus on the sensuality/sexuality. In the end, boobs are boobs. If you keep that in mind it wasn't overly raunchy considering the other things that you can see in Vegas.
One of the better Cirques.. . Funny, artful, and entertaining.  If you get the chance (and would like to be "involved" in the "experience", I recommend the love seats.  We sat stage left and the creeper, Latin lover dude wouldn't leave us alone.  Tickets are definitely on the cheaper side for Vegas shows and, like any Cirque du Soleil, It does not disappoint.  There's so much going on at times, you can get lost.
Meh, I was entertained. Zumanity isn't nearly as immersive an experience as O or Ka, but it was fun for what it was. Some of the performances were much better than other, but the crowd interaction really helped keep the show interesting. I would recommend going to see this show after seeing one of the bigger production Cirque shows first. . . Also, I don't know if there was just a strobe light directly in front of me, but the strobe effects had me looking away every now and then to avoid a headache.
Zumanity is an also ran in the world of cirque shows.  It has the bare minimum of nudity (or was there any nudity, because many of the performers were wearing one suits with fake nipples).. . The acts were fine, but the same you have seen in other cirque shows.  The humor is the same humor a 7th grader would use when talking about sex. There is something for every, straight, gay, male, female, etc.. . We went in January, which by the way, if you come to Vegas to see the shows, that is your month after CES.  We got the cheapest seats available from Tix4Tonight and was constantly upgraded.  We sat 2nd row by the stage for Zumanity.
If I had to describe this show in one sentence it would be "Rocky Horror goes to the Olympics".  Really bizzare at times, with conflicting activities happening simultaneously in the show.  Sometimes, it wasn't hard to ignore some the odd acts while watching another entertaining act going on above, below or behind the other but other times I wanted to watch both and that was very difficult.  Some of the audience participation was very funny, especially when the cast members came out into the crowd, but when they dragged a few audience members on stage, it was much more awkward.  . The athleticism was amazing throughout the show and several of the cast members displayed some other very attractive qualities and talents as well.  . The venue is pretty good since it is on the smaller side so it allows the show to be more personal and in-your-face.  . My wife and I had a decent discount which made the show a fair value.  I think full price or anywhere near that would be way too much for this one.  If you can get a great deal and aren't easily embarassed by public sensuality and crude humor then it's a worthwhile show to check out.  Overall it was funny at times, erotic at others and just really weird at other times.  I look forward to seeing some of the other Cirque du Soleil shows next time we're in town.
Great Show, however, if you've seen a few, this is not much different at all. As for the sensual side...not much sexuality as I thought it would be. Great because of the unnatural talents of the performers of course, but disappointed in the seduction it claimed to produce. All performers were your "Cirque du Soleil" norm. (Maybe was hoping to see abnormal breastsssss or something. LOL Women were not that attractive and men had too much makeup on which is another turn off. This show does cater to all, straight, gay, bi, freaks, etc. . . We missed the photo op with the characters, so do arrive at least 1/2 hour to 1 hour early in order to get photos and your drinks on. Our friends got stuck at the bar ordering drinks and missed the hilarious intro! They lock the doors and won't let you back into the seating area until intro is over. Don't miss the intro...and that's when they scout out their next victims too. . . As you walk in, don't forget to peep into the peep holes on the walls...haha, however, again disappointed by it. Peep holes = some excitement to my curious ojos. Nope, my ojos got saddened by the lame tiny photos. I guess my perverted eyes wanted to see real body parts. Wouldn't it be awesome if you could peep in and see real naked people kissing or something? By Vegas standards, that is sooooo doable. And by something, I mean boobs. hahaha (yes, I'm a straight lady). . . Very very impressed by the music and Musicians!!! All Live singing and band above is glorious! Some parts of show was trying to be exotic and sensual and then BAM! They hit you with this crazy, jaw dropping act...in a bad way, like an act that would make your husbands wee wee go down, WAY DOWN! N o t     attractive what so ever!. . Overall, I must say that this show was definitely more funny and hilarious at moments than a thrilling turn on. Clown folks made me laugh. And as for participation, they will only pick you if you sit way in front! We were only about 8 rows back, but no such luck. :) Way in front = $$$ 5 rows up or closer. . . Well....it's entertainment! :) Went to show this past weekend, Feb. 9th, 2013.. Female, 30-40 (age range) Happily married with 3 kids...Californian.
I wanted to do something fun in Vegas and of course Cirque de Soleil was the first thing in my mind. I've seen O and it was amazing, breath-taking. This time I picked Zumanity. It was very funny, I laughed alot, many sexy jokes but they were very tasty and classy sex jokes. Music was very good, singers were very talented. The reason I am giving 3 stars is because there were lack of circus, and not much acrobatic show, they cut the circus part short to be sexy I guess. It is good if you are looking for a funny and sexy show with your partner, and seeing bunch of half naked girls and guys, otherwise I'll stick to other Cirque de Soleil shows.
Took my man to what was suppose to be a sexy show. It was just OK. Half of it was pretty good, the other half was stupid. Not much into drag queens, or silly comedy. The acrobats were great. Saw, Cirque Love and Jersey Boys. Those were awsome shows compared to this.
My husband and I are in town for CES, and he got us tickets for the show, after reading previous reviews we knew to keep an open mind but the people near us were not thrilled at one point. We however laughed and laughed and laughed, and when we weren't laughing we were in awe of the skill, stamina, and flexibility of these performers. There were at times, when too much was going on, and you had to decide which performers to watch, I could go again and again just to see what I KNOW I missed the first time. I walked out of there vowing to get in some more workouts, but man was it entertaining! 2 hours flew by without notice whatsoever.
Actually... meh. . I've seen other Cirque shows, and this one is more filler less jaw dropping wow. . . Maybe I'm desensitized....  Maybe the bar has been set too high by the other Cirque experiences.... . . If you want mediocre humor, mild raunch, and non mind blowing acrobatics this is for you. My lady enjoyed it, so I give it 3 stars. Make this your first Cirque show, and make sure to not pay full price, you will love it much more than I did.
Zumanity, how do I even start?. . First off, it isn't a show for everyone.  I don't think I would want to see this show with my mom. The orgy scene might give her a heart attack.  The show is very sexually explicit with a lot of crude humor.  If you are into that, you will love the show.  Just be warned.. .  With that out of the way, I think this is a great show.  It is a Cirque du Soleil show, so you know the production value is sky high. The sets are inviting and intriguing.  The theater is intimate and cozy.  The performers are at the top of their game.  The show is just really fun! With a drag queen as the hostess, you know you are going to have fun.. . Make sure you get there early because many entertainers are out interacting with the audience.  There is a peep show you can peep into on your way to the theater.  So naughty, but fun too! You don't want to miss a minute of the experience!. . The one section that I think is a little weak are the comedy sketches with the married couple.  All of the jokes seem to go too long and stop being funny.  They seem to drag a bit in my opinion.  The one scene that seems wayyyyyyy is the Scotch Baggies.  It is funny for the first minute or 2 but it just keeps going for about 10 minutes.  Editing is a powerful thing when it comes to comedy!. . One thing worth mentioning is the seating options.  The cheapest seats (barstools) are not comfortable and in the balcony.  If you can afford it, go for orchestra seating because you butt and back will thank you at the end of the show.
Maybe if I hadn't seen Absinthe the night before it might have been better. I had high hopes for this show based on the reviews. I was disappointed in the amount of acrobatics it lacked. The preshow was hilarious though! The show was slow and had me looking at the time if it was over yet. Would not recommend with plenty of other show options available in Vegas.
The Zumanity! The Zumanity! This is an adult show of farcical sex, some natural goading, but not thoroughly erotic. The stunts come early: Girls diving into a pool, the duo tableuxing underwater. Girl in school outfit hula hooping in midair. These were the amazing parts, to me. It cools down into a vaudeville act, and there's some hysterical audience participation (one woman from Kansas was agreeably "horny"). "Zumanity" was a worthy night out, with some set pieces that tickled my fancy. It just didn't quite get my rocks off. 3.5 stars. #smartass
Was this show entertaining? Yes  . Is this show worth the normal ticket price that ranges from $75-100+? No. . Luckily I went to the dress rehearsal so I only had to pay $35 for my ticket, so for that price the show was worth it. Otherwise I wouldn't recommend paying full price to see this. In my opinion this was more of a glorified strip show. Yes there were some pretty cool acrobatics and feats of strength, but then there were also parts where I felt like I was at a Chippendales show. If you're looking for a cirque show full of stunts and acrobatics, this is not the show for you. If you're looking for a strip show with lots of boobs and men in glittery g-strings with the occasional stunt, then check it out.
This show was A-OK but a huge step below the other shows we have seen like Ka and O.  The theater is gorgeous and the music was wonderful but the acts were just a step behind their other other shows.  We enjoyed seeing lots of boobs g-strings but it was pretty tame stuff.  I'm sure the conservative mid-westerners were blushing but I was looking for a hotter show based on the reviews.
After an unforgettable Cirque show I saw 6 years ago in L.A. called Corteo, I was left a little unimpressed with Zumanity. There simply was not enough acrobatics for me to have enjoyed it as much as I thought I would. . . It feels like most shows in Vegas, as opposed to elsewhere, just don't need to try so hard and that's how I felt here. The acting and theatrics were great but the "sexiness" of this show was awkward and not because of the taboo of sex, but because most of the cast that were naked just weren't very appealing in the nude.
Loved the show! it was fun and playful. Very adult lol which is nice! the attendants before the show were rude, i guess packaged leftovers are strictly prohibited we asked to store them with a cashier and was told we had to run up stairs t lockers to store the food. People were bringing in outside drinks and popcorn was served but our leftovers were a big problem. I also noticed they didn't asked everyone carrying a bag what was in it. So beware.  Diante  (sp) was the man we spoke to and we had only minutes till the show started. we rushed there and back out of breath and missing part of the pre-show antics. to add insult to injury Diante saw us and said, " See you made it in time." Uh no we didn't!!!
This is my fifth cirque de soleil and I left unimpressed. . . It was entertaining and had lots of interaction with the crowd. The place isn't that large so there probably isn't a bad seat in the place, don't waste the extra money to sit up close unless you want to interact with the performers. The show was rather short compared to all the others I have seen.  The part that disappointed me was the lack of acrobatics. Other than the girls swimming in the bowl all the other performance seemed played out, I felt I have seem them over and over in all the other show. . . Entertaining but not great acrobats.
Would be a higher rating had there not been open mouth male kissing. Enjoyed the sexual environment but that was totally disgusting and changed my view of the whole show.
I've been to 6 shows in vegas and this is near my least favorite.  It's not totally bad, but compared to O and KA, Zumanity just couldn't compare.  I want to give a 2 but it's closer to a 3.   It's not as expensive as the other shows, so it might be a good show for somebody who hasn't watched a CDS show yet.
