After a week of so-so meals in Vegas, I was looking forward to a fantastic meal Thursday evening.  Gordon Ramsay Steak in The Paris was just opening, and my guest and I lucked out in getting a seat for dinner in the lounge.  . . Upon entering through the red-lit tunnel, I was impressed by  the restaurant's striking design. We were escorted to our table and quickly read through the mouth-watering menu.  For an appetizer, we ordered the Seared Ahi Tuna.  For entrees, we ordered the Beef Wellington and the Beef Short Rib. . . Although the entrees were truly 5-star-worthy, we found the tuna to be absolutely and shockingly flavorless.  When we informed our server, she responded by saying, "Oh, really?"  Later, a bus boy came to remove our appetizer plates.  Whenhe noticed that we had barely touched our $22 appetizer, he asked how it was.  I told him it was nearly flavorless.  He said that he had already heard the same from three other tables.  He removed the dish and told us he would inform the chef.  Unfortunately, no one offered to substitute out another dish for the one we had barley touched.  Perhaps the newly trained staff just didn't know how to respond to guests not enjoying the food, but I expected them to care (at the very least).     . . I incorrectly assumed that the dish would be removed from the bill.  It wasn't.  After finishing the meal and paying, I asked to speak with the manager.  I explained the situation, and explained that we had already paid.  She said she was sorry, and to ask for her by name the next time we were in town.  I believe she said her name was Nicole.  Given my high expectations for a restaurant bearing Gordon Ramsay's name, I was disappointed that she seemed slightly unconcerned.  I was shocked that she didn't offer anything besides an apology. . . Although the entrees definitely met our expectations, I cannot give this restaurant a better rating at this time.  I realize this won't be everyone's experience, but it certainly was mine. . . A five star restaurant with one star service, gets three stars.  . . Until we meet again, Gordon Ramsay Steak...
Was so excited to finally go to one of GR's restaurants, but have to say, the service really made the experience sub-par.. On the initial entrance things were great. Maitre de was wonderful and accommodating, and even though we waited 30 minutes past our reservation time I chalked it up to being a Saturday night. We took a seat at the bar and our waitress was great. When we finally got to our table was where the trouble began.. I start by saying the sommelier was excellent! While we were discussing the wine menu (very intimidating) he came up and offered suggestions, and throughout the meal was at the table seeing how we were faring. Saw him FAR more than our actual waiter. When the waiter finally took our order that was the last we saw of him until it was time to pay the bill. REALLY. The busboy/man, was far more attentive to us, and continually checked on us to make sure we were ok. There were 2 tables next to us, both with couples dressed to go to a picnic, not fine dining (sorry, pet peeve), and they were fawned over, while we were ignored the entire night.. While the food was excellent, it's really hard to get over feeling like you are beneath your waiter, and get excited when he actually pays attention to you.. The busboy/man (I apologize that I don't know his title) was a wonderful man with an African accent and was AMAZING. The main server was horrible. It's really hard to give a 20% tip on a $300 bill for someone you literally saw twice.
This restaurant review is way past due. Before Gordon Ramsay Steak opened to the public I was fortunate to receive an invite to a preview dinner. Prior to be seated, we had a drink in the lounge. The cocktail menu seemed extensive, but I am more of beer girl and lucky for me they had a nice selection of beers too.. . Shortly, thereafter, we were seated in the dining room on the main floor. Our waiter was kind and eager to answer our questions. He assisted us in choosing wine for our meal a riesling for me and a malbec for him. We started with a yummy variety of breads - the one with pancetta was a real winner - and then moved onto the sliders, which were a big disappointment. We also had yellowtail tuna which was fantastic! I loved the fresh clean flavors. . . Next, the main course was presented. The halibut was nicely prepared but failed to leave an impression. I have had better for much less. The New York strip on the other hand was very good. It was nicely seasoned with a beautiful crust. We added on crab and it was terrible. I actually questioned if it was imitation crab. Fortunately, the side of pureed potatoes were positively scrumptious and the crummy crab became a distant memory.. . Dessert followed, we were given a treat of chocolate spoons to accompany our french press coffee while we waited for our tea trifle. The spoons were filled with alcohol, it's not something I enjoyed, but I appreciated the playful twist. The coffee was a lovely blend, I did enjoy that very much. The tea trifle, however, was a complete failure. We told our waiter as much as well. The ice cream on the side was very good, but the trifle was dry and bland. Just terrible.. . The restaurant is comfortable, the staff was friendly and the meal itself was hit and miss. Our tab was comped, but totaled $300. In no way was our experience worthy of three hundred dollars. At that price point, the entire meal had better be stellar.
Was excited to finally try Ramsey's restaurant. I have been following the reviews on here since it opened. Got in on a Friday night sitting at the bar. Everyone seems to say the Beef Wellington is amazing. So I figured that would be a safe bet. Sadly it was bland city. I do not know if I was unlucky and had the lone poorly seasoned Wellington. Or possibly I was spoiled by eating at Fleur for lunch and having the most amazing meal of my trip there.. .  The bartenders all kept asking me how it was, expecting me to say mind blowing apparently. The meat was lovely and soft. But sadly it was such a dull dish. My bartender was Alan. Cool guy. Very friendly. My drink was ok. The bread tray with the yummy butter and volcanic salt was good. One was amazing actually. The circle bread that was not truffled.. . Onto the great! Sticky Toffee Pudding. YUM!! Now that was delicious. I thoroughly enjoyed that. It helped the pain of paying 54$ for the wellington that was just ok. All in all it was an ok experience. The decor was cool. The service was great(I did get a dirty look for wearing sandals in but I didn't want to trek all the way back to my hotel. I would have done the same if I worked there to be honest lol) And the food was lackluster for the price. But many other reviews rave about the Wellington so maybe I did just get unlucky. But if you go you MUST get the Sticky Toffee pudding. As the bartender so perfectly put it, "Isn't it Sinful?" Perfect dessert for Sin City.
I have been wanting to try one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurant! Overall I thought it was OK! The resturant was very pretty/nice inside. There were no available dining seats when we came, so we sat in the bar/ self seating area, which i actually didn't mind at all. We had a cute little table and were able to sit side by side on a booth :) Our waitress was very sweet, full of smiles and definitely did her best to take care of us. The food I thought was ok. It was presentable but quality wise, I was hoping for better. We ordered the Fisherman's Grill (Seafood platter). I enjoyed the Scallop & lobster the best, the mussel was the size of a little dime and the fish was a bit bland. Our Steak, ordered medium rare, was very chewy & had a lot of fat on it, which kind of grossed me out. We didn't have time to get dessert, maybe next time!! Overall experience, I thought the service was great! & the food could of been much better :) Maybe next time we can order a different dish?
Although I liked this resturant, it got off to a little shaky start when we showed up at 8:40pm, early for our 9pm reservation, and we didn't get shown to our table until a little past 9:30pm.. . They were nice enough to send us to the bar to wait, only, all of the seats were taken, so we ended up going back outside the resturant and waiting in the casino.. . I definitely felt that the food was over priced for the portion sized received, although it was cooked to perfection.. . Overall, my first and last visit to Gordon Ramsay steak was adequate.
I really wanted to give this restaurant 5 stars because of the price, but I was not a fan of most of what I tasted, so three stars it is. The presentation of the food was stunning. The wine list was presented on an iPad which was a nice touch. The bread they brought at the start was to die for. It was so good that we ordered another round! Next, I shared the Kobe sliders as an appetizer. It was advertised as having Cheddar and caramelized onions, but all I could taste was the mustard seed seasoning. I am not a mustard fan, and after about three bites I was done. Next I got the beef Wellington which is the whole reason I was excited to go there. Again, all I could taste was the mustard seed seasoning in the beef. I was very disappointed. The pastry and the garnishes on the plate were delicious, so I just ate those. I also got a side of macaroni and cheese which was passable, but the taste of the blue cheese was a little overpowering. Dessert was cheesecake, which was flavored with lemon for some reason. It came with strawberries and blueberries so there was no reason for it to be "enhanced" with lemon. Overall, it was a fun (albeit expensive) experience. Perhaps my palette is unrefined, but I can't see how covering up beef with mustard is ever a good idea. Unless you like mustard, I guess.
Ever since I heard almost a year ago that Gordon Ramsay was going to open a place in Vegas I just knew I had to put it at the top of my go to list.  After reading all the great reviews from travel websites, my expectations were as high as they could get. So were they met.... unfortunately not. Perhaps I had a bunch of f***in donkeys cooking my meal? Whatever the reason, Gordon Ramsey steakhouse was underwhelming for me. Let me start by saying the service was an impressive 5 stars. At any given time I had at least 2 or 3 staff waiting on the table, and all of them were outgoing, knowledgeable and totally professional. The highlight of the ordering process was the impressive meat carousel. Have you ever wished you could see Gordon Ramsays meat...now you can, wheeled out tableside on a cart in all its big and juicy glory..and the waitstaff can tell you all about it. I couldn't help but drool just a little at the site of this carousel filled with wonderful cuts of meat, however I had already made up my mind to order the famous Beef Wellington. Simone had a hard time deciding what to order so she made a meal out of three side dishes. Truffle Mac and Cheese, Grilled Asparagus and Tempura fried Haricot Verts ( Skinny Green Beans).  While waiting for our meal we were treated to an amazing bread assortment (this was actually my favorite part of the meal) The bread included Thyme & Rosemary Foccacia, a sticky bun thing filled with panchetta and another filled with shrooms, and a baguette bread with walnuts. On the side you get some fancy butter speckled with some fancy salt. Everything on the platter was so good I had seconds. Next came the Beef Wellington I was informed this was traditionally cooked medium rare, mine was actually closer to medium well, leading to an unfortunately tough piece of tenderloin baked between puff pastry and kinda bland mushroom pate. This was certainly not as good as I expected. Simone had a bit better luck, her Mac and Cheese was rich and creamy but was a bit overwhelming in the truffle mushroom flavor.  The asparagus was good and included morel mushrooms that were also pretty tasty but this was still an average dish. The green beans were also crunchy and tasty served with a Garlic Aoli, but again I've had better.  Gordon Ramsay is also famous (so I've been told) for his Sticky Toffee Bread Pudding, and this dish was the only one that really wowed me. The bread pudding was more like the best moistest cake you may ever eat and it was especially sweet and rich when drowned in the homemade caramel that is served with it. Also served with it is a deliciously sweet brown butter ice cream, this was so tasty I wish I could have had more.  This was a great ending to an only average meal. I so wanted to love Gordon Ramsey after all the hype but I walked away let down and surprised that the biggest let down off all was the steak. Only 3 stars for Gordon Ramsey Steakhouse.
So I couldn't understand why a British restaurant, which serves American food, is located in a Parisian themed casino.  . . Then in a weird way it was explained to me by the high class escort sitting nearby.  The entrance is cylindrical to represent the tunnel from France to the UK, into Gordon Ramsay's restaurant (which serves American cuisine). That might be a load of bull, but the food served here is not!  I just wanted something light, so I went with the 8oz filet and a side of the corn.  Both very tasty! The filet was slightly over cooked (ordered medium rare), but the flavor was not compromised, so I was not disappointed.  . . I was somewhat expecting a typical uptight steak restaurant, but was delighted to find a much more relaxed atmosphere.  So if you come casual, or dressed up, you will fit in.  It is still quite expensive however.. . Next time, I'll save room and chow down on some dessert.
A lil disappointed with the food. I love GR!! The cocktail shrimp was tasteless and over cooked, very chewy. The Mac and cheese was tasteless I was looking for a pungent cheese flavor and got barely any flavor. The tempura green beans were the best out of the 3 sides but a lil salty for my taste. My Wellington was cooked perfectly but the mushroom sauce thing inside was too salty for me. The meat was delicious! The bone in ribeyes my boyfriend and cousin ate were too charred and too fatty so it was hard to take down. Overall I would rate this place 2.5 stars and it breaks my heart because I love Gordon and couldnt wait to visit this place :(
For the price, I was not in love with the food.  I've had better at other high end places (still my favorite is Michael Mina's in San Francisco) . . First of all, the service was OH SO SLOW!! After we sat down (no wait since we had reservations, although there was no line either on a Sunday night), we waited a few minutes for a waiter.  After he asked if we wanted some cocktails, he left us with the ipad cocktail menu for ten minutes.  After we made our drink orders, we still did not get our regular food menu.  I think maybe he was waiting for that damn meat cart to be available to show us the different cuts of meat they serve.  It was kinda cool to see a meat cart, but I didn't really care for it - I know what a ribeye or filet looks like.. . We ordered the asparagus soup (FUCKEN AMAZING) - if nothing else, just order this.  You'll still be starving cuz the portion is super tiny, but at least it tasted damn good.  The lobster appetizer was tiny (3 inch long lobster - 3 bites and it was gone).  The beef wellington was unimpressive.  the pastry was not amazing, it was just ok.  I also didn't like the weird smell/taste of the foie gras that was smeared between the meat and the pastry.. . The sides were thoroughly unimpressive.  The corn had the weird stringy thing that you find on corn that was not well cleaned (you know that residual string from the husk of the corn), and the mushrooms were SO SALTY!!! . . The tuna chopped salad was ok (the tuna was nice, the sauce was a little salty).. . Overall, the only amazing food highlights were the asparagus soup and the side of potato puree.  Otherwise, everything else we had was just mediocre given the price point of this restaurant.. . Given Gordan Ramsey's TV personality for being a perfectionist, this meal was anything but.  I will not return, nor will I recommend this to a friend looking for fine dining.
Really maybe 3 1/2 stars.  The negatives...showing up with a reservation on time and not being able to be seated for 30 minutes.  Loud music blaring. Confusion with the bill....had it not been for the eagle scout honesty our friends would have paid .07 for their meals.  And small overpriced sides.. . The positives....beef wellington while good, could not outshine our friends rib-eye for 2. Now that was a steak!  Sticky toffee pudding...seriously insane.
Why do restaurants offer or suggest reservations and then when we arrive on time, we wait 40 minutes! Unacceptable for me. The restaurant manager was horrible when I complained, he was definitely not a people person and didn't care that we had to wait. I found him to be rude and arrogant and for that reason I will not spend my $$$ there. The waiter and other staff however were wonderful, food good as well as service. The cost of a meal is not worth the aggravation of a poorly run management. Too many other nice places to eat and enjoy.
I love Gordon Ramsay so it kills me that I was not blown away by this place. It was not terrible, but I was expecting much more. Anything with Gordon's name on it should be amazing right?. . We had a reservation. When we got there we were told they were running a few minutes behind. Not a big deal and we waited in the lounge.  Then I noticed people were being seated before us who came way after us. My boyfriend checked with the hostess and sure enough he said it looked like we were "skipped" and that they are going to be seating us now. I don't know if we have bad luck or what because this has happened to us before. Its very aggravating. How hard is it to seat people in the proper order?. . Once we arrived to our table I was immediately disappointed. We were seated in a long section of tables lined up side by side (half booth with chair) and only inches away from the table next to us on either side. Guess there wouldn't be much private chatter for us.. . The food was good but again I was not blown away at all. For the prices you expect something spectacular. I told my boyfriend to get the asparagus soup because everyone here in the reviews seemed to think it was delicious. He did not care for it and thought it was salty and fishy. I felt bad because I am the one who told him to try it. I got the onion soup, and it was good but very strong in onion flavor. Nothing that knocked my socks off.. . He ordered the wellington and I ordered the filet. He did seem to enjoy the wellington so that was a plus. My filet was blah. I ordered a peppercorn sauce on the side but this is not necessary as it does come with some kind of sauce on it. I wish I'd known that, because they do charge you extra for sauce and it was not that good. Also, we have made better filets ourselves at home. We also ordered mac and cheese and asparagus. Again, both just okay. After reading the reviews I thought the macaroni and cheese would be out of this world? Am I just having way too high of expectations? It was just less flavorful than I was expecting. Just kind of boring and not full of flavor that I was hoping for, as well as the asparagus was nothing special either. Average.. . We had the sticky toffee pudding dessert which was very good but they only give you very little ice cream with it. If it had more ice cream with it would have been more enjoyable. . . The plus was the waiter. He was very polite and apologetic if anything was lagging and thanked us for our patience more than once. Checked on us thoroughly. My drinks were awesome. The strawberry martini is delicious and the HK antioxidant was also. However it was annoying to see the HK drink comes in a little glass that was mostly filled with ice and not even filled to the top. So, you really don't get very much of it. The drinks were $14, so should have at least felt like I was having a full glass.. . Don't get me wrong. We enjoyed this place overall. I was just expecting to be blown away and I wasn't. After tip and all our meal was $300. Just hard to justify since it wasn't amazing. The ambiance isn't very romantic either. I feel like we could have had better food and more privacy and romance in another restaurant. But, I am glad we got to check it out and I know what its all about. Don't keep your expectation too high going here and maybe you will not be as disappointed as I was.
Saturday night (8/4/12), dinner time:. . I had read several reviews of Gordon Ramsay's new restaurant at Paris before dining there.  One thing people talked about was the unique entranceway into the restaurant, designed to emulate the Chunnel from France into England.  It was interesting but best to appreciate it before you walk in since before the hostess can even finish telling you what the entrance represents, you are already through it and into the bar area.  The bar is separated from the two storied restaurant by a glass wall.  The ground floor eating area is adjacent to an open kitchen which allows the smell of the cooking steaks to permeate the restaurant.  There is a long flight of stairs against one wall leading to a second eating area on the balcony overlooking the restaurant.  After you sit down and take in the surroundings, you being to realize just how loud and blaring the background music is.  You can hardly hear the waiter not to mention the people sitting across the table from you.  I guess the overly loud music is supposed to give an energy to the place but it is too overdone and passes well into the annoying range.. . We started with a half dozen west coast oysters ($20) and a heirloom tomato salad ($18). The oysters were very fresh and come with a trio of sauces: vinaigrette, soy sauce and a traditional red cocktail sauce.  The tomato salad was a medley of sweet tomatoes, prosciutto and watercress.  Both simply presented dishes were very well done.  . . For the second course, we had the asparagus soup ($17) and lobster bisque ($26).  The asparagus soup was served over a central mound of Dungeness crab, celery and smoked salmon caviar.  The soup had a rich asparagus flavor and the subtle crab meat blended well with it.  However, when you were unfortunate enough to bite into one of the cheap orange caviar pearls, the taste was ruined but this intense fishy flavor filling your mouth.  I do like unique combinations of flavor but these tastes did not mesh well at all.  The lobster bisque was served with a whole portion of shelled lobster tail meat sitting in a very flavorful brown lobster broth.  The meat was buttery and perfectly cooked. Clearly, this was a well thought out dish and earned the high recommendation the waiter gave it when suggesting entrees.. . For dinner, we had the roasted Beef Wellington (one of Gordon's signature dishes at $52) and the fish and chips ($42).  The Wellington was served already sliced down the middle on a layer of very creamy mashed potatoes.  There were puddles of a dark brown, very salty demi-glace splashed around the dish and a small pile of glazed root vegetables.  Overall, the dish was good however not one to order if you like your meat well done.  As it is, I like my meat medium rare so the very pink interior didn't bother me.  The fish and chips however were a greasy mess.  The fish filets are served breaded and fried with their tails on.  The two filets are plated on top of several large dollops of tarter sauce.  The dish comes with a small side of truffle oil fries.  The first thing you notice however is the somewhat unappetizing fishy smell.  I'm sure the fish was fresh (it better be for $42) so perhaps they are reusing the oil to fry batch after batch.  I suppose it is somewhat ironic to complain that a fish dish smelled fishy but it was unappetizing to have your food smell like an old fisherman's net.  When you cut into the fish, the next thing you notice is the oil pouring out around your knife and fork.  Combined with the creamy tarter sauce, this is a heavy, heavy greasy dish.  It tastes all-right but it will sit on your belly for the rest of the night.  If you have plans later, it is probably best to avoid this particular entree.. . For desert, we had the sticky toffee pudding ($13), a small French pressed coffee ($8) and a double espresso ($8).  The pudding is served along side of a small cup filled with extra molten toffee to pour over the pudding and a rectangular block of butter flavored ice cream, made to look like a stick of butter.  Unfortunately, there was so much butter in the ice cream, it also tasted like a cold stick of butter.  The pudding was very sweet, almost too sweet, such that after a few bites, you feel like you need an injection of insulin.  The whole dish is gaudy, in-your-face butter and sugar.  We stopped eating it after a few bites.. . The waiter did a good job and came by often during the meal.  However, you can only hear half of what they are saying to you due to the excessively loud music. It was amusing to look around and see different waiters around the restaurant leaning in to repeat things to other diners.  Doesn't the manager also notice things like this? Overall, the food was ok but was certainly not worth the excessive price tag.  You are basically paying extra for the name and hoping the food lives up to the reputation.  Unfortunately, the entire experience falls short.
I'm going to have a hard time taking Gordon Ramsey's word on food as seriously when watching his shows now. Given the inconsistencies in both food and service, I feel like listening to his criticisms of others are going to be harder to accept.. .  We started in the bar with two drinks; the English Sidecar and the Drifter. we literally could not taste a difference betweent he two and would have been convinced they were the same drink were it not for different glasses (one was served up, one on the rocks). I'm still not certain that the bartender didn't take a shortcut (or he wasn't very good).. .  The service: it started off with the hostesses insisting we wouldn't be sat before our reservation time (30 minutes later) and telling us to wait at the bar; we ordered our drinks and before I had even finished signing the receipt, the hostess came to take us to our table. I feel like this is a common practice to get you to order drinks in Vegas, but when you don't order them from your servers, you can see their irritation. I don't mind waiting at the bar if I show up early, but don't quote a time that is utter nonsense (there were plenty of empty tables and seats at the bar) in order to get me to spend more.. . Our server (who looked like Santana from Glee but never gave us her name and it wasn't on the receipt) was very charming in the beginning, but her attention dropped off dramatically after taking our order. Our meal wasn't well paced and our tables weren't kept very clean. By the end of the meal, we spent a lot of time waiting for  someone to come and offer us the bill and/or desert and in that time we decided we would just call it a night.. .  The food;. . Appetizer: We ordered the fried oysters, which at nearly half the price of an entree was very stingy on portion. It tasted good enough, but three oysters for that price? . . Entrees: We ordered the Kobe filet, which was amazing! It was the superstar of our meal. We ordered it medium and it came out closer to rare, but it was such a good cut of meat that it was actually better off that way. Tender and juicy; perfectly seasoned.. . We also ordered the Beef Wellington, which was presented as a signature dish, but left a lot to be desired. It wasn't bad, mind you, but it didn't hold a candle to the taste profile of any of our other dishes and felt more like it was "special" in it's profitability for the restaurant than in the care put into it. We ordered it medium rare and it came out medium. Perhaps it was a mixup on the ticket (or possibly by the server), but this dish can't really afford to lose any juice to temp. The single best part about it was the side dishes; the potatoes were fantastic and the other veg were very tasty too.. .  We ordered a side of the truffled mac and cheese and it was delicious! If I could pull a do over again, I would have rather have had more of that instead of the Wellington.. .  This is a high-end meal that doesn't deliver as well as some of the other options around. It's sold on the promise of the Ramsay name so maybe our expectations were too high, but you watch his numerous television shows and I feel like high expectations are to be expected. At the end of the day, we would give someplace else a try before spending money here again and in Las Vegas, you have plenty of options.
Ever since my boyfriend and I started watching Hell's Kitchen, Master Chef and Kitchen Nightmares, he's grown to have this undying love for Chef Gordon Ramsay.. . For our trip to Vegas, he decided to book a reservation at Gordon Ramsay. I had a couple of qualms about this place before entering the facility. When my boyfriend made the reservation all he had to leave was a name, the hostess did not ask for a phone number. We pondered if we should call them back to leave a phone number so they could confirm the reservation with us day of, we decided not to. On the day of, my boyfriend called them to confirm the reservation. He said the girl sounded like they were making a new one for us and only replied with okay then hung up. After that he told me to call them back to confirm the reservation since it seemed like none of us were on the right page. I called back, told them the name under the reservation and then I was asked to hold. I held for 10 minutes before I decided to hang up. A restaurant boasting renowned Chef Gordon Ramsay's name should be much more organized than this I thought. If the reservations was screwed up for that night, I told myself I'd rip them a new one.. . Luckily, no new ones were ripped. The reservation was set already but the lack of communication was absurd. Ladies dressed in all black attire opened the vault like door to enter. We sat at the bar for a bit, I ordered a midori sour and my boyfriend got a coke and rum. After a couple minutes, we were notified that our seats were ready. I got a bit flustered because we were still trying to pay for our drink tab and the girl didn't bother to help us grab our drinks, with which I am not accustomed to. We got to our seat and our waiter came over quickly to give us water and show us a special prix fixe menu. He told us that the menu is a souvenir to take home at the end of the night should we choose to select it. We both rejected the offer and ended up getting the foie gras and beef wellington.. . The foie gras was very delicious and enjoyable, the beef wellington... ehhh. Like I said, I already had some qualms that it was going to be disappointing. The pastry crust was nice but it tasted a bit off with the meat. After dinner, we got the melon panna cotta. I enjoyed the watermelon sorbet.. . Our server was very nice and explained all the different cuts of meat they had. It was a bit hard to hear him over the loud bang of music. Quite disappointing because I was really looking forward to the beef wellington.
It was a dream to try some gordon Ramsay cuisine because we've watched all his shows. We'd expected to leave being wildly impressed and having sampled some of the best food we'd had. I have to admit the toffee pudding was great. Service was awful... It took over an hour to get our food and then we weren't nearly as impressed as we'd thought. The Wellington was ok.. But not exceptional. We left not impressed over our $250 dinner.
I didn't have high expectations to begin with since I wasn't a Hell's Kitchen fan but I left half disappointed that the meal didn't really measure up to my liking. It was extremely noisy inside and we were unfortunately seated next to a girl with a potty mouth that ran through our meal.. . The steaks were solid, tender and juicy but the flavors just didn't sit right enough. I enjoyed the truffled mushrooms more than my own 8oz. medium-rare rib cap. The seared foie gras was another standout dish but the bone marrow, although generously portioned for a $10 add on, was extremely salty and just a little undercooked. The wagyu filet was best in terms of flavor.. . Too bad the bartender was the only one who gave the best hospitality and took the time out to chat with us. Our own server was too busy cavorting with 3 cougars ready to pounce. . . Food took forever to come out. Even the server noticed because he offered to take our picture after we waited for 45 minutes and there was still no food on our table. We came here expecting to pay the price for fine dining but felt like we overpaid a little. Good thing is, Total Rewards members get a small discount on each dish so remember to flash that card!
My wife and I visited Gordon's steakhouse on our trip to Vegas; both of us are Hell's Kitchen/Masterchef fans, so we were sure there would be some quality dining in store. . The staff was very nice when we arrived, and we were seated right away. Although the website stresses business casual, many of the diners were in shorts and Tshirts, which I would have prefered since it was 105 degrees outside. The decor is very nice, modern English, with a "Chunnel" to enter through. That's when the problems started, and I started taking stars off of the rating. First issue: the NOISE, as others have also noted, was way to loud. Was it the kitchen or diners causing the din? No, the rock music coming through their speakers caused my wife to proclaim that it felt more like a bar than a restaurant. The staff brought around a steak display for you to choose from, but I couldn't hear a thing he said. Second issue: I didn't care for the I-pad drink menu. I don't understand this technology push in some restaurants, and not having a paper copy to read everything at once was a severe turn-off. It may also have been the reason for the third issue, which was they asked if you wanted water, offering both a sparkling or flat water. The thing they didn't mention was that the water wasn't free, but rather 9 bucks a bottle (see 105 degrees above). That came off as a needless expenditure; just a heads up to bring your Dasani from out on the Strip in with you. Our orders came in about a half hour, which seemed very respectable, and the food kept the rating above two stars. I went with the Wellington, which was tasty and rested on a delicious garnish of potato puree (would have been worth the $12 sides price to add a full helping). The only disappointment was that my steak knife had all the teeth of a butter knife, so cutting my Wellington was a chore as it slipped around the plate. My wife's choice of the American Kobe, on the other hand, didn't need a knife, as it was the best steak I have ever tasted. Her baked potato side was huge, but I didn't find it to be anything I haven't had at numerous other steakhouses. So, here are my ratings: Staff = A, Decor/Atmosphere = C (because of the noise), Food = A
We were so excited to try this restaurant... After watching all of Gordon's shows I was practically dreaming Beef Wellington. It sadly did not live up to the dream. There was a ton of sea salt on it that I literally had to cut around. Service was absolutely horrible!!! I couldn't get a drink or the check for that matter! The filet was pretty good but the potatoes were really bland. The gratineed spinach was delicious.  Also the music was pretty loud and terrible... It was difficult to hold a conversation during dinner.. . Overall the experience was pretty mediocre.  I hope you all have a better one!!
Meh, maybe im a steak snob now after having Michael Mina's flat iron wagyu at Bourbon Steak in SF, but ever since, almost every piece of steak I've eaten doesn't compare and just makes me miss the sweet taste of WAGGYUUU.. . Aside from that, i tried both the 18oz prime bone in ribeye and also the 16 oz NY steak.  The ribeye was slightly better due to the fattiness but in general they both tasted similar.  Definitely dry aged and prime but still didn't capture the same fattiness and flavor as a kobe or wagyu.  The prices were also a bit high so be prepared to spend for the name of the restaurant.. . however, the decor of the place was very neat.  Definitely reminded me of hells kitchen with its red and black theme so points up for that.
First impression of this restaurant: a hassle to make reservations through the phone.  The restaurant definitely needs online reservations, if anything.  I made 2 reservations because I was going twice on different weeks and canceled the first one just because it didn't fit in my time frame in Vegas then.  Whoever picked up the phone was pretty rude and put me on hold twice for about 5 minutes, and then continued the phone call with pretty much no etiquette or class I would expect of a Gordon Ramsey restaurant.  Cancelling the reservation was more than a pain in the -ahem-.  Just a little note, this restaurant doesn't start picking up their phones until after 5:00 pm, which is the time they open, so if you need to change you're reservation, it is better to call the Las Vegas Reservation Central... or something like that, which I found out through calling different hotels.  But that's a very long story I do not want to get into.  But make sure you always get your confirmation code!  If you don't ask for it, you don't get it, and a confirmation code is just a precautionary measure for any reservation.. . The second reservation was a little bit better, still needs to work on that professional phone etiquette though.  Same thing like the first reservation, but nicer... was put on hold for like 5 minutes before anything happened.  Only reservation available was at 9 pm. When my guest and I got there, they were running late on reservations and we were seated about 20 minutes after my reservation time.  This was a first for me, because whenever I make reservations at any restaurant, I usually get sat on time, maybe 5 minutes later, but definitely not 20 minutes later.. . Anyways, on to the actual dining experience.  The service was everywhere.  The server greeted us, forgot to give us our actual dinner menu but instead gave us this ipad with their alcoholic beverages, and then ran around majority of the time.  The bus runner was asking for our drink orders after the server took it, and gave us our dinner menus.  The server came back a bit later to take orders (which I'm pretty sure he forgot our menus in the first place).  After the server took our menu, the bus person came out with this roll-away model of all the different cuts of beef.  Next time, I suggest the model of cuts of beef should be brought out before taking the order... maybe, so it'd convince me to order the kobe beef filet mignon and not the regular filet mignon.  Bread was served 20 minutes after my guest and I ordered, and right after bread was served appetizers came out. . . The appetizer was half a dozen raw oysters.  The oysters were definitely fresh and incredibly sweet.  Wish the type of oysters they were serving was bigger, but those type of oysters they served were meant to be small.  It was really delicious and definitely refreshing.. . A little while longer, the entrees came out - short ribs and the aged beef filet mignon; NOT the kobe beef filet mignon.  The short ribs had this amazing mash potatoes with bokchoy and sauce.  The short ribs were really tender, but the mash potatoes were beyond amazing!!  The filet mignon, was just a filet mignon with their house sauce on it and some garnish. I was hoping that the filet mignon had a bit more Ramsay Flare on it, but it didn't.  I wish i ordered sides, but thankfully, I had my guest's mash potatoes for it.  I do regret not just using the money toward the regular filet mignon for the kobe beef filet mignon because I've honestly had better filet mignons.  Overall, the mash potatoes were the best out of our dishes.. . For dessert, we went for the sticky toffee pudding, which blew my mind away.    The toffee ice cream was shaped like a stick of butter, which I thought was incredibly cute.  The toffee pudding was similar to a very porous cake, with this warm caramel/toffee sauce poured onto it.  The cake soaked the sauce up which made it a bit soft/soggy at the same time somehow creating  a very nice texture.  I honestly wished that I could just eat scoops of that ice cream.  The cake was a bit too sweet for my tastes, but still delicious nevertheless.  Wish the ice cream was just on top of the cake - just simpler that way.. . Overall, I felt like this restaurant didn't live up to name of Gordon Ramsay.  I feel very neutral on whether to recommend it or not.  If you're a fan like I am of Mr. Ramsay, then by all means go, but I was a bit disappointed that night.   Despite him always telling his contestants that the guests are waiting for food on hell's kitchen, his own restaurant made me wait.  I'm very iffy on trying this again, but this time for the kobe beef filet mignon, but I'm pretty sure my Ramsay-fan side will make me try it again one more time.  The only excuse I can give the restaurant is that they're new, with no set system in place yet.
Wanting to sample this celebrity chef establishment prior to committing to breaking the bank in the main dining room, we were excited to learn that they had a bar menu. However, unlike most bar menus, the unfortunate reality was there were no discounts on theirs. In fact the only difference with the main menu was the presence of a half portion of fish & chips ($24) and a kobe burger ($21). Before you go, make sure you have a Total Rewards card because that saves you anywhere from a buck to a few bucks per item. Besides the aforementioned items, we also ordered the short rib tortellini with scallops ($19), foie gras ($25), and melon panna cotta ($12).. . We were unlucky to be saddled with a wonky server and sat at one of the last remaining, tiny, and round bar tables. What do I mean by wonky? First off, it took more than several minutes for the waitress to even come by and acknowledge me. She asked if I was just waiting for a table in the dining room or dining in the lounge. It took more than another 5 minutes for her to bring menus and glasses of water. When we realized that she only brought us the regular dining menus, we finally managed to flag her down after another 5 minutes to ask to see the bar menu. She replied that the only difference was the half portion of fish & chips and kobe burger and for some reason was resistant to bringing the requested bar menu. We politely insisted that we would still like to actually see the bar menu, and she reluctantly complied. WTH? Really? We were envious of other tables which appeared to have MUCH more efficient and courteous wait staff.. . For a party of 3, our table was WAY too small. I would even argue that it was inadequate for a party of 2, unless you were only having cocktails. When the 4 dishes arrived, they had to remove all of our small individual dining plates and bread plates, and even then there was barely enough room to fit just those 4 plates on the table. Good thing we don't mind dining intimate family style.. . Just a quick note about the bread, it consisted of 1 pancetta bread, 2 truffle brioche, 3 foccacia, and 3 walnut bread. The first 2 were our faves, but it was kind of odd that they didn't provide 3 pieces of each type of bread so that we didn't have to cut the pancetta and truffle breads amongst the 3 of us.. . Moving on to the food, the fish & chips was tasty loup de mer but only consisted of 3 small pieces and about 10 McDonald's style french fries. The creme fraiche tartar sauce was decent but McDonald's tartar (the gold-standard IMHO but a topic for another discussion) is a lot better. The Kobe burger was tasty and succulent but didn't come with any fries or sides. The short rib tortellini was decent but only came with 4 pieces and the 4 scallops on the side were miniscule. By comparison, the foie gras was the stand out savory dish. The seared preparation was generously portioned, although the paired accompaniments lacked the acidity needed to balance its rich succulence. Finally, the melon panna cotta dessert was delicious, but the portion size was about 1/3rd what we would have expected. For the same $12 price, we would prefer Scarpetta's version for quality and quantity.. . In summary, the food was delicious, but the small serving sizes make the high prices hard to justify even for a Strip restaurant. How expensive could it be to give you more than 10 fries and 2 to 3 more small pieces of fish? How about 2 to 4 more tortellini? How about some fries with your $21 bar menu burger? And while we're at it, let's double or triple the size of the panna cotta. This restaurant could easily merit 4 stars, but the poor value and wonky service knock it down to 3 stars.
My girlfriend and I decided on Gordon Ramsey Steak for a dinner before our wedding. I am a huge Ramsey fan and enjoy watching him on his BBC and US shows so it was a highlight of the trip for me. I have to be honest, it was disappointing. Both steaks undercooked. One med-rare came out bloody, the other med-rare came out medium at best. Had to send them bah only to have them refired and brought back charred on outside and tough and chewy.  Three other meals sent back while we waited.  For the price, for the name sake, this was not acceptable. I would honestly compare the steaks we received to something from a Golden Corral or the like. Food quality did not seem to be important and not what I expected from a restaurant using Gordon Ramsey's name. Would love to go back and would be open to trying again to be fair, the entrees were removed from bill without us asking but, we wanted to experience a solid rounded meal and ended up going and eating elsewhere later.
Food was very good but not worth putting up with the extremely loud music and tiny tables.  The music is so loud that you can barely hear your table mate much less the waitstaff!  My expectation in a fine dining establishment is that you should be able to enjoy the food with the ambiance enhancing the experience.  Unfortunately this is not the case here.  I felt a sense of relief (and quiet) when I stepped back into the casino...in all, food is worth it if you wear earplugs.
Steak is a great passion of mine. It is one of the easiest and simplest thing one can cook, but definitely not easy to master, like sushi for example. With my respect for Gordon Ramsay, when he opened a restaurant called "Gordon Ramsay Steak," I just had to try it. . . The first impression of the restaurant was, LOUD. Really, LOUD. It wasn't just the people, it was the music. The hostess at the door explained about the design of the restaurant and the artwork on the ceiling while walking me and my wife to our table, and I could not understand a single word from her, but it seemed interesting nevertheless.. . Our server came to our table and instead of asking about our drinks, he gave us an iPad to "browse" through the drinks. And he also gave us a menu for the special course meal, with a picture of Gordon Ramsay on the right that said "SAMPLE," and he said we would get a picture of him that does NOT say "SAMPLE" if we get the course. Did they think people would steal the picture if it didn't? It seemed a bit silly and distracting.. . We were left alone for about 3 or 4 minutes trying to figure out how to use the stupid iPad drink menu. It seemed intuitive enough for me, a 25 year old graphic designer, but I doubt the 90% of the age group who spend $200+ on a meal would really appreciate this. And it froze on a screen and I didn't even get to look at anything until a moment before our server came back.. . The course seemed interesting but it was about $165 per person and we wanted to look at the regular menu. I couldn't really understand our server because of the music and his accent so I just ordered a random beer and asked for a regular menu.. . I started to get a bit irritated at this point with all the noise and confusing menus. We got the smallest table for two, and we were having trouble even talking to each other. We did go there to try the food, but I expected a more quiet romantic dinner with my wife on our last night in Vegas, not a hipster club night.. . But continuing with my review, we ordered a lot of food. A beef tartar, sauteed mushroom, bone marrow, a New York steak, a foie gras, a filet mignon, and some potatos. Presentation was... great. Interesting, pretty, and original. Taste? All appetizers and side dishes we ordered were fantastic. I wouldn't say everything was the most amazing dish I've ever had, but they all had something unique about them, and even the stuff like mushrooms and potatos became more interesting somehow. The bone marrow and foie gras, weren't anything extraordinary. They tasted like bone marrow and foie gras.. . Now the steak, as a self-claimed world class steak critique, I would give it a 7 out of 10. It was delicious, don't get me wrong, but knowing that it was the most expensive steak I've ever had, (I think it was $63) it wasn't much different from what I cook at home.. . For the people who think getting expensive steaks at restaurants is a waste, when I tried the NY steak at MESA grill earlier this year, I thought it was THE BEST steak I have ever had and it was definitely something on a different level than my steak. So far, my second best was Ruth Chris's. But I couldn't say the same for the steak I had at Gordon Ramsay steak. The steak at MESA grill and Ruth Chris were both $50.. . Our dessert was great though. We had the toffee pudding with icecream as our server recommended it, and it was delicious.. . The overall service was very nice, but in my opinion, that's a given at places this expensive. Our bill came out to be about $260 plus tip.. . In conclusion, I wouldn't come back or recommend this place for the steaks, but I would definitely like to come back to try some other dishes like the famous wellington. Considering the price and the atmosphere, I'd highly recommend the MESA grill instead.
We had dinner here about a week ago.  Without reservations, we ate at the lounge area in the bar.  The food was excellent.  The service was really good.  . . However the music was painfully LOUD.  Unfortunately, we sat directly under one of the loudspeakers.  It was so LOUD that it was painful.  I have a high tolerance for loud music, but this was really LOUD.  . . 3 stars for the excellent food.  Minus 2 stars for the extremely LOUD music.
This experience was a serious disappointment.  Almost the worst experience imaginable.  For my birthday, we went to the Paris Casio and property expecting a great meal and a once in a lifetime meal.. Frankly, the steak was good, not great, at $200 plus for two people; please do go to thebuffet at Planet Hollywood.. To be specific:. One ordered French Onion soup; it was sour and cold,. One ordered Caesar Salad, how could they trash a salad, but it was actually six leafs of romaine lettuce with no flavor.. My mate ordered a "Kobe" rib end cap main course.  It was so salty and almost un-edible.. I ordered the 20 OZ Bone-In Ribbeye steak, Prime beef.  It was average.. Because of the poor service and lack of attention to our meals, preparation, we left without ordering a desert or after drink.. At 240.00 after tip, the experience was a serious disappointment.. The restaurant was a serious disappointment.  The music was loud and almost prevented conversation.  The tables were bare, the setting was none simple, no service, and I have better steak knives at my summer motor home.. I have had better experience at my local sizzler steak house. . We ordered hot tea; they never did serve the tea, attempted to charge for it and treated us like some kind odd humans.  How could your order Tea?. If you are a hipster without an expectation about service and quality of food or service, go to another location.. . Gordon Ramsey Steak House is a big failure!
To preface this review, I must say I really wanted to like this restaurant. I made reservations a couple months in advance. My wife and I were celebrating our anniversary. . . We only waited a minute or two to be seated. Our table was facing the kitchen, which was kinda cool. The music was "club like" and relatively loud, but we enjoyed it. We started by ordering drinks using the iPad menu. It took a while for our drinks to arrive (not only the initial drinks, but also subsequent drinks). We then ordered the onion soup (which was good) and Caesar salad. We ordered an appetizer, the Maine Lobster stuffed with chorizo. I do not recommend this appetizer. It was very small, cold, and very tough. We were honest with the waiter and he mentioned something to the chef. Next, we ordered our entrees. Beef Wellington, Prime filet, and a couple ounces of the A5 Japanese Kobe filet. The Beef Wellington was ok. We did really enjoy the Prime filet. I wouldn't wasted the money on the Japanese Kobe. The outside was charred and inside really had no taste. I had this once before at another restaurant and really enjoyed it, but the preparation was not acceptable this time. We also ordered the truffle mac and cheese, as well as the potato puree. Both sides were very good. . . Now, I realize I am not a restauranteur, but I've been to a variety of high end restaurants. I know good service when I experience it. Here are some tips that could change my rating from 3 stars to 5 stars.. . TIP #1: If I have a customer who has flown across the country to share a special event, such as an anniversary, I would at a minimum acknowledge it. This did not happen in our case.. . TIP #2: If a customer has an issue with any part of the meal, I would insist either the chef or manager to acknowledge the mishap and try to correct it. A little feedback goes a long way.. . TIP #3: If I am a manager of a restaurant, I would attempt to greet the customers to ensure everything (food, service, etc.) is top notch. The customers are the best source of intel. . . TIP #4: If I worked for one of the world's top chefs and restauranteur, I would go out of my way to be the best, instead of being a social butterfly within the restaurant. On multiple occasions, I spotted our waiter engaged in extended conversations with two guys in suits (one with a bow tie). They appeared to be some type of management, but we cannot confirm that since they never introduced themselves. . . We were very disappointed with the overall experience of this restaurant. The lack of attentive service was probably the most disappointing thing. My wife and I had higher expectations for this restaurant.. . In summary, if you are looking for a good high end restaurant in Vegas, I would consider another restaurant, such as STK or Craft Steak. Hopefully, management and the wait staff will take a look in the mirror and bring their standards up to the Gordon Ramsay expectations.
Overall the food was great. However the hostess was extremely rude. First when we entered there were about five girls standing around doing nothing. The girl who showed us to our table had the look of death on her face and grimaced with each passing moment. We were told we would have a booth. When we asked the girl seating us she became distraught and ran off leaving us in the dining room. Then we were handed our drinks while standing there. We eventually got our booth but things started off on the wrong foot.. . We ordered the pork belly to start. Overall the meat was tender and sauce was Spicy. I probably would not order again based on the price. It was good but just that. We also had the beef Wellington for dinner. I had this before at the Maze in NYC. It was juicy and well seasoned. The dough was slightly on the overcooked side. We then ate the Mac and cheese. This was delicious with a slight edge of sweetness.. . The drinks were also very good. I recommend the antioxidant. This drink was light and refreshing.  . . Our waiter and other staff were attentive. Although I found it strange, it was so over staffed that at least five staff at a time were standing in a circle talking. The atmosphere was okay. Very loud and busy. The bathroom was also dirty with very small stalls. . . I would probably return but I think I will try other steakhouses in the area. Given the price of the meal I would expect more.
Very dissapointing. Another example of adding a famous chef's name to a steakhouse to attract diners and tourists.. . Came here for a friend's 30th birthday. Although the restaurant is fun, and they explain little things as they walk you to your table, they placed us in a dining area upstairs that took that fun ambience away, and makes it feel like any other stuffy steakhouse.. . You choose your drink of choice from an iPad, but with 6 people, it takes awhile to get the menu around. The sauvignon blanc I chose was really tasty and fruity.. . The display of meats they bring by on wheels was really cool, and I liked how they had mirrors above each slab of meat for you to see the cut up and close.. . Most of the table had decided on the famous beef wellington, and I was the only one that didn't choose to order an appetizer. The appetizers looked great, and everyone enjoyed it, from the foie gras to the lobster tail.. . Expect to be at this restaurant for awhile, as everything comes out 30 minutes after each other. The beef wellington also takes 45 minutes to cook. About 30 minutes after the appetizers, they brought out the bread. YAY! However, for 6 of us, they brought out 3 small pieces of 3 different kinds of breads. Foccacia, a brie and walnut bread, and another roll that was filled with mushrooms and truffle or proscuitto. The breads were divine, as I was starting to get hungry, and their butter was amazing! We devoured it, and about 30 minutes later, they asked if they wanted more. Hell yeah!. . About 30 minutes later, our entrees arrived. Decent presentation, but the beef wellington's plate looked a bit lonely. My friend and I shared the beef wellington for 2, which is about $3 cheaper than ordering it alone. The friend that ordered his own had a smaller piece, cut into two. Now, the beef is done medium rare, no choice, but his was overly cooked. Ours were cooked perfectly, but the pate was soooo salty! Like I felt as if I was getting a taste of the ocean with each bite. I tried to just eat the meat, as it was cooked perfectly, tender, and a waste of $50 if I didn't eat it! But very dissapointing. I ordered the mac and cheese as my side, and that was even worse. I did not enjoy it at all, but at $12, I ate as much as I could. The brussel sprouts were also overseasoned and overcooked as well. The baked potato was huge and cooked to perfection. That was probably the best side.. . Only one pair of friends ordered dessert, and the toffee pudding and brown butter ice cream it came along with was excellent. Their french press coffee also came with 3 spoons with chocolate liquer, and it was very creative. The dessert definitley made up for the horrible entrees. Also, if it's your birthday, don't expect a free dessert here. Luckily, friends ordered for the birthday girl.. . Our waitress was Jessica and busser was Jessica as well. They were both great, but I feel our busser Jessica was more present, and made more of an effort to make the birthday girl happy. She also got to meet the winner, Christina, who was happy to take a picture with her.. . Overall, their apps and desserts looked/tasted great, but entrees are bleh. If I were to come back, I'd probably just order the rib eye, but definitley not the famous beef welilngton. What a let down!
I really thought the place was decorated in a very luxurious and refined manner.  The real reason I went here was to try the famous Beef Wellington of Chef Gordon Ramsey.  Luckily, my husband ordered the bone-in ribeye also because we mainly that for the dinner.  The asparagus crab soup was not good.  Side dishes were good, but nothing to brag about.  Overall, it is a great restaurant, but don't believe all the hype.
Went in for the 5 course Hell's Kitchen Limited Edition Tasting Menu. . . Upon entering, I was kind of surprised at the club like decor. . . We had the most excellent waiter. Knowledgeable and friendly.  Not intrusive and not aloof. The perfect host. . . Food: . . Scotch Egg- Oh so rich and good. I've never had a Scotch Egg before and it was exactly how i imagined it would taste. Fantastic. . . Roasted Beet Salad- Did not like. Overpowering flavors. The everything bagel soil just ruined it for me. That, in addition to the house cured salmon.. ugh too much. . . Scallop Risotto- This was interesting. The risotto was a squid ink risotto making the color black. The smell was a bit much for me on this one. However, the flavor was rich and decadent. My dinner companions thought the risotto was the tiniest bit undercooked.... i didnt think so. The rice was swelled to the fullest and yet was al dente.. . Roasted Beef Wellington- Gordon Ramsey is known for his Beef Wellington and deservedly so. I've never had anything like this before. Melt in your mouth. This was absolutely wonderful. . . Pear Tarts-  It was good but nothing spectacular imo. . . With this menu you get a signed limited edition photo of the Hell's Kitchen winner, another chef and Gordon Ramsey. . . Is it worth the $145? Depends on how curious you are about his signature dishes. . I would never get it again... but i'm glad i tried it. They have an impressive steak selection that your server will show you. They have an entire steak that is the marbled part of the ribeye. Looked amazing. . . TL;DR. Beef Wellington is out of this world. Pass on the tasting menu. You can see the Hell's Kitchen winner working in the open kitchen. Very much a tourist/fan dining experience.
I really hate to say this. I really do. But the dinner experience I had at GRS was nothing short of underwhelming. . . I had been dying to check out this restaurant, so when a friend suggested a trip to Vegas, I was completely on board. . . For an appetizer, we ordered the main lobster and decided to share. Boy, was that a mistake. While the lobster was good, the portion was absolutely miniscule and in anticipation of a big expensive meal, had practically starved ourselves all day. Moving on. . . For a main course, I ordered the Beef Wellington ('cause obviously I had to). My husband got the epic American Kobe filet. The waiter does come by with a meat cart before you order so you can see the different cuts, which is a nice touch. We also ordered the mac and cheese, haricot vert, and asparagus as sides to share.  . . My Beef Wellington? It was fine. Okay. Pretty good. When compared with the amazingness I was expecting (and the price point), "fine" isn't anywhere close to good enough. We got a bearnaise to go along with the Kobe steak, but the fact is, that was its saving grace. The steak itself was incredibly boring. Sure, it was pretty good. It was fine. Not bad. But.... this is a steakhouse. And that's a $75 steak. Seriously? Not good enough, my friend. . . On the other hand--- the sides. Oh my God. OH MY GOD. The mac and cheese was incredible, and I think I could have eaten two buckets of the tempura fried haricot vert. The asparagus was perfect, too. So for that bit of wonderfulness, I'm giving Gordon Ramsay Steak one star for each of those. When I start craving mac and cheese, that's the one I think of. So, so good. . . But guys.... it's a steakhouse. A STEAKHOUSE. With a super boring steak. Yes, it was well cooked. But I've had far better steaks at restaurants one would assume would be inferior. Overall, the meal was a lot of highs and lows. I had the sticky toffee pudding for dessert, since it's one of my favorite things on the planet, but I was really tempted to not order anything else. The toffee pudding I would say was quite good-- 4 out of 5 stars. I really wanted this to be the best meal of my life. It was certainly the most expensive (one appetizer, two entrees, three sides, one dessert, and the least expensive bottle of wine on the menu -- $300). But I refuse to get caught up in the I-paid-a-lot-for-this-so-it-better-be-five-stars trap and be completely honest. . . If you feel you must go to Gordon Ramsay Steak... just order the sides.
I was so excited to go to one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants. I am a total fan. I have watched at least five of his shows. It was my boyfriend's first time to Vegas also, so we were hoping this would make our day. This wonderful, mind-blowing meal at dinner. . . Wrong!! The waiter was very arrogant and was trying to flirt with me. He pressured us into getting the HK Tasting Menu, which cost $145 per person, and he didn't allow only one person to order that but both of us must. Our bill was near $400. . . Now let's start talking about the food: the beef wellington was a disappointment. Yes it was very tender and melts in your mouth, but it was nothing special. It was so bland! The scallop risotto was okay. But the portion size was tiny. The only thing they gave us a full size was the dessert, and sadly that was the best dish. . . The food was okay. Service was okay. Ambiance was nice, but a bit noisy. . . P.S. Here's the Hell's Kitchen menu, if you want to check what we got: http://www.parislasvegas.com/images/non_image_assets/HK_Tasting_Menu_Pairing_Final_12_27_12_NEW.pdf
I was really shocked with the service I received from my waiter Chris, he was extremely rude treat me like an idiot, I got out of there scared with the service.. . I got to tell that this was very sad to me to go to a restaurant of this great cheff, that I'm a huge fan, and be treated like this.. . I think  that after all the tv shows like kitchens nightmare, he could not allow this kind of people on his on restaurant.. . So for the service my score is -10 (10 negative).. . Now for the food my score is +100.. . I order the wellyngton, that was amazing, I enjoy every bite, really good, my wife order the filet well done, and was perfectly cooked. . . If wasn't for the waiter, this would have been the best restaurant for me, but still a great FOOD experience.
I mean, It's Gordon Ramsey.. . The food is truly off the chain.  The beef wellington was mouth watering and the sides were delicious.  The service, on the other hand, the service was, well, pretentious.  I understand that it's cuisine at it's finest, but how many people in the restaurant know what they're even looking at?  Our waiter was snooty and condescending.  Fortunately the food made up for it.. . I would not recommend the $30/ounce fillet.  Although buttery and melt-in-your-mouth exquisite, not worth $90 for the tiniest steak on the planet.
I've been dreading writing this review because I don't want Gordon to yell at me. :). . But if he knew how bad our service was, I think he would pretty much go insane.  To be fair, it was a party upstairs for 70 people.  But for the amount of money we were paying, the service was incredibly slow.  I was in the back of the three-section "party room" they made for us and I did not get my steak until 10pm, while everyone at the front had already finished dessert by that time.. . It was also extremely slow to get any kind of drink or anything needed from the waiters.. . The bread basket (big variety) and the mac and cheese were very good.. . The steak I had was not the worst, but it was not nearly the best, either.. . The pre-set menu that we had listed the sticky toffee pudding, so I was very excited because I heard that this is ridiculously delicious.. . Unfortunately, what came out to our table was cheesecake, not the STP. I complained because, like I said, we were paying so much for this 70-person party, and after my complaint (and pointing out the preset menu) they then sent out the sticky toffee pudding for every table...but most people did not try it because they had already finished the cheesecake. . . The sticky toffee pudding is 5 stars by itself. It is the best dessert I've ever had in my life.  I've had it other places, but what makes this one so fabulous is the butter flavored ice cream that comes with it.. . I will probably go back to this restaurant for the dessert every time I come to Vegas...but I won't go for steak...STK at Cosmo was better for that.
Not sure what all the fuss is about.   Food was good, but, nothing special for a high end restaurant.   The service was poor.   There were 6 of us, with a reservation made well in advance.  We waited for 30 minutes beyond our reservation time, watching 6 "hostesses" move about and look pretty.   There was no room in the bar, no one offered to allow us to take a drink and sit in the casino.  We were finally sat at a booth for 4 with 2 chairs added, we were located at the top of the stairs.   So, everyone that walked by had to shuffle around us, we were in front of the door that led to a big private dining area, so every waiter that walked in had to walk around us...got the picture.   My scallops would have never passed the test on Hell's Kitchen, so I suggest that you go here as a last resort.
The food was awesome, and thats what we went for. We had to wait for about a half hour for the reservation which is not a problem kind of expected for a busy restataunt. We did have the manager come over and tell us that the table we were sitting at was for people with reservations. I explain to him that we had made our reservation 2 months earlier. He then told me that they would have never sat us at a table that was not set. I told him to go ask the girl who sat us and she confirmed that she did set us at a table without table setting.. . When our food came it was great. I had a bone in ribeye. The tomato bisque was the best thing.. . At the end of our meal I went over to ask Christine if she would take a picture with me. She had been doing this all night. She did not even look up and said, "can't you see I'm busy." in a very hateful tone. I only wanted the picture for my mom. You would think as mush as it cost to eat there they would have better customer service.
So I have been a fan of Hell's Kitchen and we decided for one of our meals in Vegas just had to be this place. . I had made dinner reservations using OpenTable on my phone which made it really easy.  That was a awesome YELP feature to use by the way.  We got to the restaurant but to our dismay they were behind in seating so our reservation got pushed back over 30 minutes.  I would think Mr Ramsay would have blown up if it were him.  But we decided to wait  since we are on vacation and for us this was a once in a life time experience as he does not have a restaurant where we live.  . One we were finally seated we were taken to our table which was located up stairs and we have a great view of the restaurant patrons down below.  Our servicer was nice and also his helpers were also had on their A game.  . We were given a brief introduction on the restaurant. Then he dropped off an ipad that had a interactive drink menu.  Which I thought wow this is interesting as I haven't seen this before.  We could visually see the drinks and also place an order using it. Which we just had too. I ordered the Saracco, Moscato D'Asti by the glass and my boyfriend had his corona. The Moscato was delicious and was a great choice to go with the ambiance.  We were hoping to have a nice relaxing romantic dinner but to be honest this really isn't the place as the restaurant gets quite LOUD and we had to speak up to order and even to have a conversation.  . They brought us some house breads which were just OK however, the butter they served was wonderfully delicious. Yeah I know its butter but he did say something about it being special but I just couldn't hear him.  It was very visually pleasing to the eye though. . Next up we had a smoked beef tartare which I thought was nice with the potato chips.  The presentation was excellent the taste was great but nothing spectacular. Then we decided to order the Royal long-bone chop for two.  I was debating between the famous roasted beef wellington or bone in rib eye but we decided on having the for two long bone chop which the waiter said it was like a rib eye.  First off I know its all about the marbling and the fat what makes the meat delicious but too me this was more just FAT then marbling.  Is it supposed to be huge chucks of fat?  I guess I am not used to this but it just wasn't as appetizing as I thought and I should have opted for the leaner beef wellington. But as far as the beef it was seasoned well and the charred outer areas were super tasty.  We had ordered a side, a spinach which was sauteed and was cooked to perfection that was a great offset to the fatty meat. The both of us couldn't finish the "for two" portion maybe it's really should be "for three" to enjoy.  . After our main meal I just had to try a dessert. So I yelped and found everyone talking about this sticky toffee pudding.  I had inquired with the server and he too confirmed that the sticky toffee pudding is highly recommended.  So, sticky toffee pudding it was!  This was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!  I liked the taste and the texture I would have held off on them pouring the brown sugar sauce all over the magnificent cake.  This was the best dessert I had on my trip.  This dessert too was enjoyed by my boyfriend who does not like desserts or treats he wouldn't stop eating it and kept on saying how grand it was and from coming from a non-sweet eater that is a huge compliment. . All in all, this place was nice, the food was good but not stellar, the service was top notched.  I did notice that there were only male servers and female hostess which I thought was interesting.  I think I would go again but this time for just drinks and dessert.
This update is in response to the genuine concern Gordon Ramsay Steak manager Amanda expressed after having read my Yelp review. I can only assume had she been on duty the night of our reservation things may have gone differently...
Went for my bday on 6/23 for dinner @ 8PM.  Brief wait for our table, 10 mins.  Had a table upstairs and had a nice waitress.  Loved my fried oyster appetizer and others loved their salads.  4 of us got beef dishes, which were very good and cooked properly.  The other had the pork chop and found it a little off.  Mac & cheese side was great but the corn side was a little strange for a fancy place (belongs at a Mexican restaurant or a picnic, we thought).  Okay, the only complaint were the baked potatoes.  We ordered two and they came out barely warm, yuck.  We sent them back and got ones that were warm.  How hard is it to serve a hot baked potato, especially when it cost $12 a piece?  The table ordered the sticky toffee dessert, which I liked but others didn't care for it.  The stick of butter ice cream was brick hard.. . I certainly have been to better steakhouses in Vegas (The Range) but I don't need to go back to Steak.  Probably would give it a 3.5 stars but not a 4 star.
I took my friend here for his birthday back in October.  He and I both LOVE Gordon Ramsay on TV so when this place was slated to open, I just knew this was the perfect birthday spot.  We met early and got a martini from the bar, which were both perfectly made.  . . The restaurant is pretty bright and there is a lot of red.  The ceilings are really high so it has a nice feel to it, but there is just something about the ambiance I didn't quite like.  Maybe it's the fact that the tables are so close to each other.  You can basically hear the full conversation of the tables next to you. . . The service and food were both good.  The pricing is slightly more expensive than the other steakhouses on the Strip, but the food doesn't justify it. The only reason why is because of Gordon Ramsay's name. I REALLY wanted to love this place, but honestly, there just wasn't anything that blew me away.  It wasn't bad by any means at all, it just wasn't anything to get excited about.
I was alone so I sat at the bar. The bartender was knowledgeable and attentive. I had an Old Fashioned that was very good. I was not particularly in the mood for a steak so I ordered one of my favorite meals...the beef short ribs and the market salad. Everything started off splendidly with a Market salad and a wonderful bread platter. I was a little disappointed in the entree. The beef, while tasty, was a bit too fatty. The ribs were served with mushrooms and swiss chard on pureed mashed potatoes and highly seasoned. Good but not great.
When Comparing Ramsey steak to other steak houses, I would say they're about average, nothing special. The service was pretty good, except the fact that, when my sister order a medium steak and got a medium rare steak and told them about it, all they did was reheat it. At most other high end steak resturants I've been to they take more pride in their steak and make sure it's done right and make you a brand new steak. I was a little dissappointed considering Ramsey has such high standards on his show
Went here for Vday and thought the food was good as well as the prices. Looked at the prices outside of the Valentines Day special we received and WOWZERS looks like I couldn't even afford to eat an appetizer here. Pretty steep prices with not a lot of justification.
Ok let me preface this with the fact that I intend to go back and give this place another try because I want to try some more of Gordon Ramsey's recipes. However I was disappointed with my first experience because I did not feel the price was worth the quality. . . The goods:. Impeccable service. beef wellington was delicious. The ribeye steak that is cut different (I cant remember what he called it). . The bads:. Two of the three steaks did not come out cooked as ordered. My sister ordered medium and got medium rare. Same with her friend. WHen you spend 60 on a steak, that is pretty unacceptable. Half the table had started eating, so they just dealt with the bad steaks. We told the server the dilemma and he offered to refire it. Personally it would have been nice to get a free dessert after something like that. . . The appetizers were also disappointing but I want to try a few other ones next time I go (maybe I just ordered poorly). . I hope my next review on this place is better! I really want to be wowed! As of now, Bobby Flay's restaurant (Mesa Grille at Caesars) dominates Ramsey's steak -house. Sorry Gordon
I was in Las Vegas a few weeks ago with my business partner and was meeting an associate of ours for dinner. Being a big fan of all of Gordon Ramsay's TV shows I thought it would be an amazing idea to take them and their wives to Gordon Ramsay Steak at the Paris Hotel. Based on the standard of excellence I see on his TV shows, I expected much more. At first, the service was good. Food was explained. Each cut of steak was displayed and we all decided on our meals. I ordered French Onion soup as my appetizer and i ordered Pork Belly as my meal. Two of us ordered the Waygu Rib Cap and the other two ordered Fillet. We shared the following sides: Baked Potato, Brussel Sprouts, Beet Salad, Foie Gras. . . The consensus was that the best thing we ate was the Loaded Baked Potato. The other sides were good as well. Steaks were OK, but overcooked.. . After we ordered we didn't get any service. Our waiter ignored us from that point forward. We were never asked how our food was. If so, we could have told them the meat was overcooked.. . Once we were done we sat with empty plates in front of us for at least 15 minutes. I know it's fine dining and it isn't supposes to be "Fast," but we had bussers and waiters walk by us many times without even asking if we wanted our table cleared. We weren't wanting to leave, but we didn't want empty plates in front of us either.. . I don't think I would go back. I would simply head over to the Delmonico Steakhouse in the Venetian where the service has been exceptional.
I've been reading reviews for years and now it's time to contribute. . . Food: 3. Service: 3.5. . I really wanted to like this place being a tv foodie junkie and take these food competitions with a grain of salt since many are edited to be tv friendly. We hada 7;15 reservation knowing that we had to leave around 9pm for a 10pm show so we wanted to order mains and dessert. We got seated on time and ordered our food around 7:40. We ordered just our mains knowing that if we ordered starters, we would really be against the clock. While we see other folks around us getting food, we are wondering where our food is. Had we known our mains would take over 45 minutes, we would have ordered a starter. Our server gave us the excuse that a serving of beef wellington takes 45 minutes to cook which is a lie unless you want it well done. I had the 18oz NY strip which was cooked well, but lacked seasoning. The fact it is aged in Pat Lafreida's pink Himalayan salt locker means nothing to me if the chefs can't season appropriately. . . Aside from the server blowing smoke up our ass about the wellington taking so long, he was very nice. Sommollier service was good. . . Oh, and I originally made a reservation for 4 months in advance. When I knew I had to make a change down to 2 people, the folks at Caesars told me the only tables available were 5:45 and 9:15?!? Really? They couldn't just change the number of people? I just told them to keep my reservation for 4. (This has nothing to do with GR Steak, but more of a complaint with Caesars.). . Would I go back? No. With as many steakhouses in Vegas, I will with go back to Craftsteak, or try another place.
I wanted to eat at all three Ramsay restaurants in Las Vegas.  I have not been to Burgr yet but had a great time at the Pub and Grill.  Steak was on my mind and Paris seemed to be a nice backdrop for this place.. . Location wise, this venue is shoved in a small nonassuming corner of the Paris casino floor.  Inside reminds me of a weird red hued disco, with a loud music rockbar feel.  Not quite what I expect of a great steak house.  I understand that it is Vegas, and don't expect super formality, but it just didn't feel right.. . I sat at the bar and the staff was friendly and conversational.  The food itself was expectedly amazing....go Ramsay standards!  Probably one of the top five best steaks I have ever eaten.  Bone marrow delicious, baked potato nicely done, bread assortment interesting.  Drinks: the Vesper...nicely done.. . I should give this place four stars, but in comparison of atmosphere, I would go back to the Pub and Grill.  Its almost as if they should swap venues.. . DT.
The food was excellent --- especially the dessert: The Sticky Toffee Pudding! The customer service was awesome --- lots of servers to our table but couldn't understand our main waiter! The price for the three of us was a little over $400.00. BUT...sorry, Chef Ramsay, your server spoke in a strong foreign accent (It wasn't the Queen's English or Spanish)  and spoke way too fast for us to understand all the different cuts (about 12) of steak on your incredible silver steak stand that was rolled to our table. Ready --- we all ordered fish. Additionally, the music was way too loud for us to hear not only ourselves trying to talk to one another but more importantly the waiter explain the steak or anything about the food, service or place to us. So, we just chose from the menu ourselves. Would we go there again? --- maybe --- with those suggested improvements.
While the food was good (although certainly not the best I have had), I was a little taken back when our bill for 6 of us included a charge of $36.00 for distilled water!  While it is customary to be asked if you would like distilled or sparkling water, I have never been charged $9.00 per bottle for distilled water.   There was also no way in hell that the six of us drank a total of 4 bottles of water in addition to the other alcohol and soft drinks that we ordered. Also, we never saw our server open a single bottle of this water bit every time we turned around, they re topping off the water glasses even though only a sip or two had been drank. . . I had no objection to spending $110.00 for the porterhouse for two or even the $6.00 for my wife's diet coke.....but I felt completely ripped off by this obvious bill padding for water!. . On a positive note, the service and atmosphere were exceptional and I would recommend people visit but be warned of the "hidden" charges
I really wanted to rate Gordon Ramsay Steak higher but I couldn't.  Maybe my expectations were too high, maybe I just don't have those refined taste buds or maybe I just like cheap food?  Nope... I just wanted great food, especially when I am paying $$$$ for it. My husband and I had reservations and arrived early.  We were greeted by a hostess (there were many) gave her our name and waited, she then turned and started to walk into the restaurant without saying anything so we followed.. we thought it was strange that she didn't say this way but she did great us in the beginning.  Apparently she was not our hostess and we were chased down by another one that showed us to our table.. a little confusing.  Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. The bread came in different flavors but nothing amazing. When our order arrived it was delivered by a server for each person that repeats what you ordered.  I didn't care for it much because it was like trying to listen to two conversations at once. I also thought it would have been nice if I had been told my plate was hot since I found out when I tried to pull it closer to me.  We started with the Ricotta Raviolo, it was good but the pasta on the Raviolo was a bit thick and a little tough.  I had the Market green salad which was good but I would have preferred fresh tomatoes.  My husband had the top cap which he really enjoyed with a side of figerling potatoes that were good. He also ordered the bone marrow, an acquired taste I am not interested in acquiring.  I had the signature short rib with the potato puree, swiss chard, and wild mushrooms.  The short rib was ok. The meat was chewy so I picked at it and ate it in very small portions avoid having to keep chewing.  The mushrooms in my opinion were tough and the swiss chard had no flavor.  The potato puree was good but there wasn't much of it and the wine sauce got a little thick as it cooled... maybe that's normal.  I guess I was kind of relieved when one of the many staff members asked if I was done and even though I wasn't  I said yes.  The star of the evening was the toffee pudding.  If you go to this restaurant for nothing else go for the toffee pudding.  It really is amazing.  Would I go back?  I think I would give them another shot.  Maybe I should have ordered a steak... I mean it is a steak house but I love short rib and always order it when it's on any menu plus it was a signature dish!  I think the sign of a great steak restaurant isn't how well they do their steak but how much effort they put into everything else they serve.  I do wonder if anything would have been different if Gordon himself were behind the counter but.. I guess i will never know.
Beef Wellington tasty but wasn't amazing. . Chicken perfectly cooked and had good flavor. . . Over priced menu, uninspired flavors nothing to really bring me back,, exciting vibrant atmosphere, incredible service.
Spent $200 on 2 ppl when u have a $200 dinner  u have high expectations. My Girl hated her steak it was dry the sauces they offered where nasty, My beef wellington was good but not great, the mac and cheese is hella dry ,,,, why?????? overall more hype... u pay for the environment and the way they serve the food. Will not return but will try Burgar next  time.
The pros: The steaks were of good quality, our server was very well informed, cocktail and wine list was fantastic and the  ambiance was sexy and hip.  . . The cons: The brussel sprouts were greasy and disgusting.  The large 2 inch pieces of fat were rather unappetizing, thewhipped potatoes looked like soup, the loaded baked potato was unique- not in a good way and the desserts were butter overkill. . . I expected more from Chef Ramsay.  I felt like this was less of a gourmet culinary experience and more of a mainstream financial tourist trap.
Have been wanting to try this place ever since it opened up 1 year ago. My reservation was for 6:15pm. We were directed to the lounge where we waited 15 minutes to be seated in the main room. My friends and I were very hungry and wondered why have reservations if they do not even keep them..  The steak I had was the bone-in ribeye. It was delicious, do not get me wrong, but it was very fatty.  A lot of fat on a piece of steak that cost me $60. I expected more eatable meat so that I may actually get full off my meal, when in actuality, I was still wanting more because of all the fat that was in my steak. . Good for a one time try, but would I go again...probably not.
1) We came here hoping that we could see Christina Wilson (winner of Hells Kitchen Season 10) in action. But we were disappointed to find out that she wasnt around that day. Apparently, she hops between the 3 GR restaurants in vegas (burger, steak, pub & grill) so we gotta be lucky to catch her.. . 2) We ordered the maine lobster and foie gras appetiser. Both were beautifully cooked and we absolutely loved it. The foie gras is a must order! (ok unless you're one of the anti foie gras activitists). . 3) The entrees were extremely disappointing. We ordered the 24oz bone in rib eye and the signature roasted beef wellington, both in medium rare. The rib eye was way overcooked, and it was served more like medium well than medium rare. Also, we didnt find it to be very well cooked or had anything special. No sauce, nothing. Just take a piece of steak and grill it. I could probably do that on my own.. . The beef wellington was slightly disappointing. Not to say that it wasnt perfectly cooked - it sure was. But given all the hype and expectations about it built from watching Hells Kitchen, it just didn't wow us. I guess it is one of those dishes that feels more like an accomplishment to cook perfectly but not as much to taste.. . 4) We were pretty full from the less than stellar entrees, but still had to make room for dessert after all the raving reviews about the Sticky Toffee Pudding. We were definitely not disappointed. This dessert is definitely a must try.. . Overall, I would definitely come back here for the apps and desserts, but definitely not for the entree. I'm giving this a 3 stars because as a steak house, they really failed at the steak.
My husband and I are huge fans of Gordon Ramsey. We watch all of his shows, especially Hell's Kitchen. We were vacationing in Vegas for the first time and just had to visit one of Ramsey's restaurants. I picked this one because they served dishes from Hell's Kitchen. However, the dishes could only be ordered from a tasting menu, a very expensive menu. I think about $145 per person. Ridiculous. . . I had the Market Green Salad. Not impressed. I had to get the beef wellington. It was delicious. My husband got the American Rib Cap. That was also really good. No dessert. We were too full. But I didn't find the dessert list that interesting.. . I didn't like was the fact that we couldn't order the risotto because it was on the tasting menu. If you're going to serve dishes from Hell's Kitchen, why force us to order everything else on that menu and pay $145 per person? Also, lobster capellini was not on the list.  . . I found it weird that they brought out the steaks to show us what they looked like before we ordered. Seemed a bit cheesy. The decor wasn't all that great.. . The Yelp review says attire is Dressy but there were people there in jeans.... . However, the food was great. Service was great. I'm not sure I would return unless they lower the price on the Hell's Kitchen menu.
Went here for dinner last Wednesday night to treat myself to an Early birthday dinner. Have been waiting about a year to try this restaurant, so my expectations were pretty high.. . My husband and I had reservations for 6:15pm. We arrived a few minutes before to check in. The hostess verified our reservation and directed us to our table. as soon as the door opened it was if we walked into a loud nightclub. The combination of guest noise plus the loud rock music playing created a very loud environment. Definitely not on par with other Vegas steakhouses with their quiet jazzy vibe. The hostess before seating us pointed to the ceiling which had a squiggly mess of neon lines on the ceiling. She described that it was the hand movements of Chef Ramsay making a beef Wellington. Were we supposed to be impressed like it was a Picasso painting? It looked like something a 2 year old scribbles on paper with a crayon. Had to be one of the stupidest things I've ever seen in a restaurant.. . We were seated at our tiny table. One thing of note is that the tables are open with no privacy, fairly small, and right next to the people next to you. Definitely not a place for a romantic date. It didn't matter. It was so loud i could hardly talk with my husband anyway. The waiter greeted us promptly and went over the menu in detail, and also handed us an I-pad type menu which had all of the cocktails and drinks on it. This was actually pretty neat. They then proceeded to bring us the bread plate. Had a combination of Bread with lemon infused olive oil, a small roll that had bacon in it which was interesting and another regular type bread. It came with a side of Devon shire butter topped with volcanic sea salt. Overall pretty good.. . The waiter came back with our drinks. I tried the HK antioxidant cocktail with Veev Acai Liqueur, lemon and blueberries. Very tasty with a kick. Our waiter then rolled in with a cart displaying all of the cuts of steak. they were displayed in a circle with a mirror behind each one to fully see the cut. Unique and kind of cool. It was just very difficult to hear the waiter, once again due to the blaring music. Can't stress enough how loud it was.. . We first ordered the appetizer of steak tartar. This was pretty good. It comes smoked with a quail egg and alongside yukon gold potato chips. Ended up ordering the specialty, which is the Beef Wellington. It came out cooked a perfect medium rare. The quality was delicious, had a layer of foie gras around the steak followed by a delicate flaky crust. Served with root veggies and a demi-glaze sauce. My husband had the 24 oz. Ribeye. Again excellent quality, delicious and cooked and seasoned perfectly. For the sides we got the fingerling potatoes which were pretty good, nothing really special. The Parmesan crusted truffle mac-n-cheese however was like some kind of addicting crack. So delicious, just could not get enough. And last but not least had the Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert. One of the best desserts ever. It comes out warm with a small container of warm toffee caramel sauce to pour over the top. It comes with a mound of brown butter vanilla ice cream shaped like a stick of butter. This dessert was the bomb. Mouth Orgasm is all i can say!!. . Overall the food delicious, savory and cooked perfectly. The waitstaff was friendly and knowledgeable, however it was very hard to hear them and sort of lagged on waiting on us later in the meal. So just slightly above average service wise. Ambiance horrible for a steakhouse. Extremely loud with the music. Also make sure to get regular water at the beginning. They try to trick you into "flat" or "sparkling" which is 9 bucks a bottle, and they don't tell you that up front. The restaurant just tries too hard to be edgy and new age. Unfortunately it doesn't work well at all for a fancy steakhouse. Definitely could not have a romantic quiet evening at this place. For the money you spend, you can do so much better at any number of steakhouses in town. Hugo's Cellar, Del Frisco's, Top of the World all have food that is just as good or better, much better waitstaff and customer service, and above all 10 times better ambiance for a upscale steakhouse. Over-hyped for the most part due to the chef.
Well. We all know who Gordon Ramsey is, right? Best restaurant owner in the business... maybe? . . The food was good. For what it is worth, I was truly expecting more. I am from the NYC -Philly area so I know good food.. and maybe my expectations were too high, but I thought the food was super mediocre. The bread was off the hook, but my chicken was relatively bland. I also got the kobe beef sliders and they were delicious. My husband got a $50 steak and they gave him the crappiest knife ever. Seriously, you could have the perfect steak, but with a crappy knife you can't really enjoy it. Sounds weird until you go to some locations that allow you to choose the knife.. . As a business owner I was super attentive to the staff and cleanliness. The restaurant was spotless. So clean. The staff... well lets split that up. The front desk staff consisted of 5 girls and they were pretty worthless as far as help goes. We had a reservation made two weeks in advance and we were sat about 25 minutes late which is a shame, but can be forgiven. The girls just seemed to stand there with no clue about much and a snobby attitude. . . Once we got seated I was impressed with the structure that was created for all of the waiters and waitresses to follow. I couldn't believe how they were so well trained and maintained their professionalism [even when we told our waiter he could relax because we aren't stuffy at all and were just there to relax]. So I would love to talk to Gordon about his curriculum for that!. . Other negative - It was extremely cold and extremely loud in there.. . So, 3 stars I think is a fair rating for this high end restaurant!
We went to Gordon Ramsay Steak with high expectations, and I was writing the five star review in my head before even stepping foot in the restaurant, but sadly it was no better than three stars (maybe 3.5). Here are some of my observations:. . Pros:. - From a visual standpointthe restaurant is very chic and modern which I liked.. . - They give you three types of bread, and all were good.. . - Our waiter was excellent and recommended that I get the 8oz rib cap over the 24oz bone-in rib eye because, even though they were the same price and 24 is always better than 8 (ha), I would be spending my time cutting around the bone instead of just enjoying a quality piece of meat. He was right, the rib cap was delicious and when I asked about ordering a sauce he told me to try the steak first and order a sauce only if I felt it needed something. That was nice as he could have easily told me to order a sauce to pad the bill.. . - My wife's Beef Wellington was excellent, very tender and flavorful.. . - The sticky toffee pudding was very good. We didn't find it mind blowing like some of the other reviewers on here, but it was a nice way to end the night.. . Cons:. - The music is WAY too loud. I knew about this from the reviews here before coming, but I wasn't expected to be blasted by songs from the UK for two hours which made it a tad difficult to have a normal conversation.. . - The Hell's Kitchen tasting menu is $145/person and if you decide to order that everyone in your party has to get it. Huh? One of us would have probably tried it out, but not both of us.. . - Their wines by the glass are limited and I wasn't impressed with my $14 glass of cab. Disappointing.. . - If you're paying $$$ for a meal there is a level of expectation that service will be exemplary, but I found the service overall to be just ok. It took a bit for the bread to come out (we were there at least 15mins before being served bread), we had to refill our water glasses ourselves...it was a number of little things that added up.. . The most disappointing part of the meal is that we found the steaks were salted way more than they should have been. I adore salt but after eating my steak (and some of my wife's) I felt lethargic from salt overload and we were going to skip dessert because of it, but we really wanted to try the sticky toffee pudding. Gordon Ramsay on Hell's Kitchen is always berating the chef's if they don't properly season their food, so I was surprised that they used way too much salt than was needed.. . While I'm glad I got the chance to come here for dinner because I'm a fan of watching Gordon on Hell's Kitchen, there are just too many other steak places in Las Vegas that offer a better experience for the same price. Gordon Ramsay Steak had a chance to wow me, but sadly the over-salting of the food, limited wines by the glass, and just ok service means we won't be back.
Was at a conference at the Paris, took the opportunity to eat At Gordon Ramsay Steak.On the plus side, they were very accommodating about our having to change our reservation time, and Chef Christina was in the kitchen. We felt being stopped by our hostess for the obligatory description of the neon sculpture in the ceiling was unnecessary, and a bit pretentious. When seated we were asked if we wanted "still" or sparkling water. We chose "still" thinking it was regular water in a glass rather than a fizzy mineral water. Nope. $9 a bottle. We felt a little set up. Dinner was delicious, I had Loupe De Mer, my companion the Beef Wellington.  Especially loved the roasted carrots with crispy chicken skin/ranch powder/wing sauce, and the sticky toffee pudding share for dessert. The big downside: we sat for  a LONG time with finished plates after each course. Wait staff continually passed us and noticed, but no one picked up the plates. While over all, this was a pleasant experience, I expected to be wowed by both cuisine and service. The vibe leaned slightly toward predatory rather than gracious. I wanted over the top amazing, which, after all is what GR is known for...right?
I'm giving it a three stars not for the food and the service that was impeccable. The restaurant is far from a romantic place for dinner it's very loud, the tables are very close together which allows for minimal privacy. The music is very loud. We had two glasses of wine, an entree at piece, three appetizers/starters and a shared dessert and our bill was in excess of $250.  I will go back but not for a romantic dinner. Most of the diners were wearing jeans T-shirts,  sportshirts, sundresses very casual wear.
My order was a regular filet, salad, baked potato the usual steakhouse fare. The steak was very good, good exactly to order, the salad was good but a little dry so I got some extra dressing on the side, the baked potato was huge but mediocre at best. Bread choices were tasty, one special drink was quite tasty also. Total tab including the one drink $125(this was for the regular filet not one of the Kobe steaks that they push really hard at you). The restaurant was noisy, the waiter a bit pretentious and obnoxious, and the seating poor as we were place next to the kitchen where wait staff was literally running in front of you constantly. This was my sister's birthday, it was a sunday evening, we made reservations saturday morning and were assured they would do something special and also seat us in a great location in the restaurant. When we complained of the seating we were told we were out of luck that the table in front of the kitchen was it-essentially take it or leave it. So folks I too watch Hell's Kitchen and the other Gordan Ramsay shows, but for my money this place didn't pass....I am certain that what we experienced didn't meet up to the Gordan Ramsay standards. For the amount we spent there are lots of nicer places with great food on the strip. Paris hotel failed here.
Yes, after much thought and discussion about our visit, I'm Giving a Ramsay restaurant a THREE!  Hold On, I have my reasons, check it out. . . First, for my 100th review, I wanted to make it special, this visit was a few months ago.  We booked a table of four a week in advance.  We arrived at the location a bit early and checked in, thinking we might have a chance at getting in early, no dice, the hostess suggests a Drink, waving her hand and pointing towards the casino floor, so off we went to gamble a bit and have a cocktail.  We returned, to the same hostess, with cocktails in hand only to be told that we needed to "finish those first" before being seated (referring to our casino drink that she suggested we buy), small hiccup but sets the tone.  So then she proceeds to give us a VERY canned presentation on the restaurant, you can tell she has said the same bit about being transported from Paris to London via the Tunnel about a thousand times.  The crew at Disney says the same lines day after day but you would never catch one of them offering the lackluster performance that we witnessed.. . So, great booth overlooking the restaurant, seated, and away we go.  We decided before that we would all order a little differently so that we could sample as wide a variety as possible.  So here is what we found;. . It was busy, we found that our server seemed a little rushed, he also spoke very softly, which in a fairly busy dinner service creates a little frustration. . . Two prices, face it, this is just stupid, showing me that someone with a "card" saves a dollar" is like telling me that most people who gamble in Vegas lose, worthless info. . . Dinners, the meat if you will.  They can cook a steak, I'm a mid-western boy, raised on well cooked beef and damn if this steak wasn't melt in your mouth good (both the NY Strip and Rib-eye).  Top 3 steaks I've ever had, EVER.. . Wellington, Um disappointing.  It was fine really, cooked well but I found the dough to be a little soft and underdone that was on the meat side.  I guess we just expected more.  It was flavorful and well cooked... . Ahi, Serious disappointment.  Had large amounts of connective tissue. It lay picked over and un-eaten. We were asked if it was okay, and we offered a shrug and said that we have had better.  They cleared the plate, offered a replacement and it was taken off the bill without asking, nicely played if you ask me.. . Apps;. . Garden Salad. average, even the cheese was just middle of the road. . Gnocchi, decent.  Nice, better than most, but not the best.. . Brussel Sprouts, severe disappointment, drastically under-cooked, sent them back only to find them under-seasoned.  There are too few people who like this veg, when you serve them like this, its no wonder they lose fans, its a wonder the Brussel sprout council hasn't started picketing outside your doors!. . Overall, with all the mis-ques,I doubt we will return, there are far too many better choices in Vegas.
The atmosphere was beautiful and the staff members were amazing. The food was cook to perfection, but I've had better food especially in Vegas. The prices were very high but hey what do you expect it Chef Gordon Ramsay.
To: Mr. Ramsay. . I love your shows, Hell's Kitchen and Masterchef. You show passion in everything you do. . . Thank you,. Long. --------------------------------. .    My wife and I celebrated our special day at Ramsay Steak House in Las Vegas.  First,  I want to say the steaks were amazing and your desserts were to die for( the desserts were free because what had happened).  The waitress who waited on us  was knowledgeable on the steaks  and she knew which beer would go with the dishes. . .    The dinner would have been GREAT, expect for the host who showed us to our table. She took us up in the elevator  to the second level then we walked across the floor.  She then walked us back to the elevator and told us to wait in front of the elevator.  After 2 minutes standing there, she came back and took us down stairs to our table. . .    Mr. Ramsay,  please understand, if I was at a 1 star or 2 stars restaurant I can understand about the miscommunication about where to seat your customers.  I was disappointed and sad for what happened on our special night. My wife and I were looking forward to your 5 stars restaurant but it fell short to our expectation.  I paid $615.65 for 3 people so I think I have the right to expect GREAT service ALL around service. Don't you think?. .    I know you are a world class chef: restaurateur and television personality, awarded 15 Michelin stars in total and currently holds 14. Maybe you should slow down and check up on your restaurants... . . #1 - first impression is the front desk.... #2 - second is the table.... #3 - the food and service...
Be prepared to spend.  The drinks, amazing.  The appetizers, out of  this world.  The entree, disappointing.  I ordered the signature beef short rib and was highly disappointed.  The meat was not very tasty and the sauce was too much.  I couldn't even eat half of it.  . . The atmosphere was outstanding.  However, the hostess walks you into the dining room with a speech about walking from Paris to London and points to a neon art piece on the celing.  This art is described as Gordan Ramsey's hand movements.  It was a little too much and drew some eye rolling from our group.  The service also seemed a little over the top.  . . I walked out thankful for the experience but also feeling a little cheated.
I expected a lot more. One of my favorite restaurants to get steak at is ruth chris, I love that place so when I can across steak I was expecting so much more. My steak was chewy and it took forever to get our food. Our server was not the greatest either. Won't be coming back
Oh Gordon.. How I wanted to love your restaurant and rave about it, but my experience was blah.. . So, my coworker made last minute reservations which were easy enough, and we arrived early so we could have appetizers and drinks at the bar.  The bar service was excellent, and we kinda wished we would've had our entire meal at the bar.  Our bartender was extremely helpful and explained the drinks and recommended her favorite apps.  I ended up having the ravioli and my friend had the foie gras, both were very good.  . . Once seated for dinner, our waitress was less than thrilled that we weren't  going to be having drinks or apps.  We ordered our mains right away; I had the halibut and my friend had the seafood trio.  We both were underwhelmed.  My halibut was under seasoned and tasteless and from what I remember my friends entree tasted pretty good BUT the seafood looked miniature sized, the clams were puny, and everything looked sad =(. The bread and water was the best part of the dinner portion of our meal.  . . Our food took entirely too long (nearly 50 minutes), and about a half an hour of that, our waitress was  nowhere to be found.  We had to flag down some bouncer looking guy (manager?) to inquire about our food, and then at the end our bill took long.  It didn't end there, my credit card was charged double, but that was sorted out later. . . I'll return (by force) ONLY because my bf is dying to try this restaurant, I hope that my experience is better the second time around...too bad I won't be excited about it =\
Actually, I thought it was alright.  I had the Rib-Eye cut and the grill with seasonings allowed for that full marble flavor.  As well aged it was, I thought that a recent cut I ordered at Ruth Chris' in Walnut Creek, CA was a step above.. . Maybe the experience would have been better with a sharp knife.  My wrists wouldn't have to feel stressed out, slicing through the select cut.
Overall the food was excellent. The only item I would not order again would be the baked potato. The potato sounded better than it turned out.. . The first server forgot the appetizer. So we went without one. She then neglected to mention flat water was $9 bottle. No biggie had she properly informed us of the options. What bothered me most about the water was that it was brought out to the table already opened. I'm not one to pay for water, however if you are going to pay for water I would expect I to be brought to the table sealed. Otherwise I am left to assume the restaurant could be filling the bottles with tap water in the back and charging me for it. It should be opened at the table same as you would do for a bottle of wine. This was done twice. . . The server also lacked concern for our table. Our glasses were empty for approximately 20 minutes before she noticed. Not the kind of service I would expect from this particular restaurant. . . Half way through the meal the first server mentioned another server would be taking over for her because she had some other things to attend to in the restaurant. I was ok with that because she wasn't doing her job properly to begin with. I was hoping the second server would do better. This was not the case. The second server ignored our table even more than the first. It took the server 30 minutes to figure out we were done with our meal and ask if we would like to see the dessert menu. Due to the extreme wait I was so irritated that I asked for the bill instead of ordering a dessert. . . Due to the poor quality of service the restaurant lost revanue in the form of the appetizer and dessert I never received or ordered. The tip also reflected my disappointment. Next time I am in Las Vegas this restaurant will not be on the top of my list because of the poor service I encountered during this visit. . . It was to bad about the service because the food was fantastic.. . Had we encountered a different server I believe I could have rated this restaurant much higher.
Atmosphere was loud...too loud for my liking with the music.  And the red lights destroyed my vision of the food.  I couldn't tell how well the filet was cooked cause everything was blinding red.  . To start, I had the British Ale Onion Soup which was actually really good.  The onions weren't overpowering like other places I've had.  The main course was the American Filet.  To be honest, this should've been the centerpiece of the whole meal but it was disappointing.  It felt overcooked (I couldn't see cause everything blinding red from the lights above us).  All I wanted was a medium rare filet but it wasn't tender and seemed to lack any seasoning.  A shame that much cheaper steakhouses have provided a higher quality meal.  Didn't even bother with dessert since the entree was so disappointing.. . All I could say was "THAT WAS A $80 FILET?!"...
The overall experience here was just ok. I was expecting quite a bit, you know, given it's a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. Here's why:. . 1. The wait to be seated for our 9:15 reservation was a bit longer than expected. And we were made to wait outside vs. at the bar.. . 2. The decor is amazing. Very, very romantic, modern, and hip.. . 3. The service was incredibly slooooooow. It took 5-6 minutes to get a drink order in once we were sat. Then another 5-6 minutes to get bread. Then another 5-6 minutes to get the bottle of wine. Then another 5-6 minutes to see the presentation of meats. Then another 5-6 minutes before we could order. And the time it took to bring out the food was around 15-20 minutes. So I was a bit disappointed that it took 30-35 minutes to begin eating.
1st off don't be fooled by my rating. The food here was amazing hands down, But the lack of service toward customer customizations and and food requests was not. I went here with my family and was so excited to try the Hell's Kitchen menu, unfortunately, I was not allowed to due to the fact that the rest of my family was not interested in having the same course meal as I was having. I asked if any exception could bemade as it was my first visit and was planning for months about it, but alas, managements rules are that the customer is not always right... . . Now my father in particular is a huge fan of beef wellingtons, and after I built up his expectations of it being Chef Ramsay's signature dish, was very much looking forward to having it, he is Not however a fan of any meat cooked less than charred  well done, not my fancy and certainly not Chef Ramsay's, but it is my fathers, and as a paying customer is allowed to get his meal prepared the exact way he wants.... Just not here at Gordon Ramsay Steak... He was flat out refused to be served the Beef Wellington anything but Medium Rare. I was flat out shocked, that kind of thing could occur at such a restaurant, especially considering Chef Ramsay's so called customer standards. . . Again food was amazing but the experience was tarnished by poor customer satisfaction policies... Could we have had food just as tasty at a fraction of the price, definitely. But this wasn't about price, it was about the notoriety and the experience, and I personally feel that my experience was not as enjoyable as it truly could have been...
My husband has been looking forward to dining at Gordon Ramsey Steak house for months since we booked our mini getaway to Vegas. He's been a huge fan of Gordon Ramsey since I first met him. He followed many of the Gordon Ramsey's shows like Hell's Kitchen, Kitchen Nightmare, and Master Chef. We found it odd that the restaurant was located in one of the older casino - Paris; I think for a trendy restaurant like this would be better located at Aria, Cosmopolitan, or the Wynn in my opinion.. . We had a reservation at 6:45pm; the hostess greeted us and another girl (hostess) took us in an imaginary "transport portal" inside the restaurant. The atmosphere was quite trendy and loud like a club. We were seated on the second floor which was 12 feet away from the loud speaker; for about 40min into the dining experience, my husband was annoyed by the loud music and we literally left the evening with a headache.  I would think a prestigious steakhouse would have more upscale feel.  Service was great from everyone except the girl who led us to our table, she sounded like she didn't want to be there and in a super low voice that we had to "huh" after every time she spoke a word. . . Well, Let's move on to the food: my husband ordered their famous beef wellington which he's been dying for; he thought the wellington was good but was not wow by it. First, the beef tenderloin tasted like it was cooked hours before we ordered. I guess this is the reason why there are no option to choose the way you want it other than medium rare; second, the buff pastry tasted like outer layer of a Chinese melon cake. Over all he was a bit disappointed; I think if the beef was cooked by Gordon himself, it would have been more memorable.. . I ordered the American Kobe, they had three choices to choose from. I chose the tri cut which was recommended by the waiter because is more closely to a rib eye. My first bite was like eating a thick layer of fat, I quit eating after my third bite because it was too heavy and greasy. I had tried Japanese Kobe before, compared to American Kobe it was not the same. I also ordered their foie gras, it was the best for the night, not because of the taste but the portion size of it; however, the foie gras was no comparison to Picasso at the Bellagio or Bouchon. We also ordered a side of asparagus which was over cooked. My husband and I wanted to the have some dessert, but the heaviness from the Kobe ruined our appetite.. . I don't think my husband would ever come back here again, unless Gordon Ramsey is making his appearance at the restaurant. It's a 3.5 stars from me.
I consider myself quite the steak fan, and having been to vegas a ton of times, I feel like I have a very good sample of what the best this city has to offer. Whenever I try a new steakhouse for the first time, I judge the place by it's rib eye.. . I had a pretty decent 24oz bone in rib eye. It was definitely a prime cut, but the seasoning was very underwhelming. I always refuse to put steak sauces as I am quite the minimalist when it comes to steak, but almost ordered some sauce this time. This was actually a bit shocking, as Gordon himself is quite the critic on his TV shows about other chefs and cooks being shy with seasoning. I also ordered pan seared foie gras which was rather small for the price. Their wines by the glass were quite subpar as well for a steakhouse.. . For those vegas goer's that are looking for a good meal with great music, ambiance, and a dog and pony show (they make up some stupid comment about some shuttle taking you from Paris to London har har), this is your place. For those that are looking for a GREAT steak, consider looking elsewhere, but i don't particularly think you can go wrong if you wanted to just try the brand. . . If you can't get a table here, I'd consider these ranked by my personal opinion top to bottom:. . Carnevino (if dining for two as the rib eye for two is probably the best I ever had). Delmonico (perfect for those who are minimalists like me who don't mind a little butter). Craftsteak (good for ambiance too). Cut. Prime. . Honorable mention:. Envy. Lawry's ( not really Steak but damn good). Gallagher's
I take an annual pilgrimage to Vegas with my friends for three nights of steak and other ways to kill ourselves early. We decided to see what Mr. Ramsay had for us. The short review is that the food was great, but the service was not very good. We had a 7:30 reservation and showed up at 7:25. We were not seated until 8:20 with no apology or any sort of acknowledgement of our wait. Parties of two came and went while my party of four waited and waited. Once seated we were promptly greeted and drink orders were taken. The drinks took another lifetime to arrive. We were able to order the food, but the apps did not arrive for another 40 minutes. The apps were fine, but we were just hungry at that time. The meat took even longer to arrive, but was served beautifully. I had the Royal Chop which was full of flavor and I did not hesitate to pick up the bone and find the last bits of meat. The sides were well prepared and complemented the meal quite well. The desserts were quite good. I don't typically care for toffee, but the dessert is as advertised. We didn't leave the restaurant until about 11:00 for a 7:30 reservation and it wasn't because we were taking our sweet time. I would certainly come back for the food, but I was left very disappointed with the service and time it took. Yes, it was a Saturday night, but the restaurant was never full at any point.
This was my second trip to this restaurant (first visit 5 out of 5 stars). Unfortunately, this trip was much worsethen my first. This makes me concerned for consistency. . . I first visited Steak during a business trip last year, this time I wanted to take my family during our vacation. When we were sat, our server asked if we wanted water, we said yes, as we assumed that like every other restaurant, the water is free..but that was not the case.  We were not told they had imported water (until we asked about it when we got the bill), who needs imported water? During the meal, they kept filling our water glasses, with no mention of a charge or if we wanted to have more of their special water. We were made aware of this when we recieved our bill with $36 charge for water.. . We also purchased cocktails,  and the water costed us more then the cocktails. Just be aware of this when you visit this establishment. . . Now to the food. I was not impressed, and my wife (a huge Gordan Ramsay fan) was disappointed.  We ordered the Beef Wellington for two, and it was not seasoned well at all. It was bland, although cooked perfectly. . . I do not want to be all negative.  The bread plate was amazing, and our appetizers were wonderful. To end our meal, I tried the Sticky Pudding that everyone was raving about,  and I was blown away. . . If it was not for the water situation,  and the bland wellingtons, it might have seemed like a $300 meal, but unfortunately the quality and service did not meet our expectations.  With so many options in Vegas, I would hesitate to spend my hard earned money here again. . . So to end...the food was just ok...desert was amazing, service was slow, environment was loud, and watch out for the expensive water. . . Maybe they can train their staff to clarify that they have imported water, because it was told to us...until we got the bill.
First impressions are the hostesses with the tiny little black dresses.  Yes, the attire, or lack of it, gets a person's attention as much as one may not want it to.  My bride & I were asked if we had a reservation.  No, we did not, so we were offered to be seated in the bar area and we took the offer.  Looking around, the space is tinted red, the tables are seemingly mirrors and the seats are actually pretty comfortable.  . . What I did not expect was a "club" atmosphere for an upscale steakhouse.  Club music was loud and more in the foreground than the background.  I understand this is Vegas and the city is a 24/7 party atmosphere, but come on... this is supposed to be an upscale restaurant.  The noise level made for difficult communication with our server and between ourselves.. . Other than being way overpriced, the food is pretty good.  The porterhouse was good, not spectacular, and not worth the $105 (for two).  The creamed spinach was awesome, and the loaded potato was a bit overdone, very very dry.  The wine by the glass selections were limited and very pricey.. . Unprofessional behavior from the male staff - whether management or not, patting the young gals (wait staff) in the bar area on the tush (remember how they're dressed from "First impressions"), or placing your hands on their hips as you're walking by them or in an attempt to get their attention or to get them to move so you can get into their space may seem acceptable at some level or even flirtatious, but it is very unprofessional in any restaurant at any level.  I must have been seated in one of the very few places in the bar area that a patron could witness these interactions.. . Based on my experience, and I've been to numerous upscale steak houses between the Mid Atlantic and central Texas, by comparison this one doesn't come close to being one of the better ones.  I can say I've tried it, and it's good - but not so good that it deserves any kind of hands down as good as it gets praise.  Mortons, Sullivans, The Palm (DC-Tysons) and many others offer much better quality food at slightly better prices.  GR, are you listening?  While it's okay, I cannot say I'm a fan when I think my money would be better spent at one or more of the previously mentioned places.
This was our second Thanksgiving dinner @ Ramsay's.  Last year's was far superior to this years.  The hostess think they are in the Robert Palmer video, and that they are all that and a bag of chips.  Our wait staff (esp. Johnny) was fantastic.  We had the tasting menu with the wine pairing again.  The scotch egg was great. The beet salad so so.  My risotto (no scallop ~ allergic) was undercooked and the mushrooms were full of dirt and grit. I understand that the mushrooms are "hand forged"  but you still need to clean the darn things. The wellington was just fine ~ and of course the dessert was fantastic.  This visit wasn't as memorable ~ and probably won't be back
Good, not great. Had the shrimp cocktail and prime ribeye. A $54 steak shouldn't need a $6 sauce to put on or dip in to make the steak taste great. My wife had the wagyu skirt steak that had good flavor. Hit Del Frisco or Ruth's for better taste, not to mention value.
First off I love GR but I was little let down with my experience at his Steak restaurant. . . The atmosphere is nice. Contemporary, edgy and clean. The wait staff is very professional and look great. Their presentation is fantastic (meat cut carts) and the explanation of what to order and what you ordered is on par with other high end restaurants. That's where my great experience ended though. . . I ordered at bone-in New York strip, medium. The result was a fatty piece that was cooked medium well. In my opinion, theres nothing worse than leaving a premium steak uneaten on my plate. Pretty bummed. (-1 star). . We ordered salads and some sides with dinner. The salads were pretty standard and the sides: Mac n cheese, potato niblets and deep fried asparagus. Mac n cheese (5/10), potato niblets (7/10), asparagus (9/10). Other than the asparagus, the sides were nothing special. . . So my biggest gripe is when we were charged for water. They asked us at the beginning of dinner, "Sparkling water or still water?" Of course we always go with the standard free water, so we said "still please." All throughout the 3 hour dinner service they poured our water from these fancy red bottles. Well, we ended up paying  fancy. The check said $20 for water?!?!  (-1 Star) Ridiculous. When we asked the waiter, he did admit that this was something of a issue with other past patrons. He said that they wouldtake it off our bill if he didn't charge it already.  He offered to but to return the charge but it would take a month in processing. We let it go and now I'm writing a non-favorable review on yelp.. . Summary: If you decide to eat here, open up the pocket book because its expensive. And when presented with your two options for water go with the third option and ask for the "Tap" water.
Meh.....  It's really all I can say.  I expected a lot more for the money spent on this meal.  When you spend nearly $60 on a steak, it should be THE BEST steak you have ever had.  The atmosphere was really nice, but atmosphere alone was not worth the better than $400.00 price tag for dinner for four.
I'm being a little critical of this restaurant because of the price and amount of other quality steakhouses on the strip. First things first your gonna need a reservation for sure! 2 weeks before there was still limited availability! Luckily we got in. I live the decor and atmosphere of the place. The bar area was nice and they had an extensive alcohol menu. First problem...the bathroom was flooded, gross. I had to leave the restaurant and walk a bit to get to the restroom.. . Once seated we began the hard decision of choosing our food. We ended up ordering the fish chowder, beef tartar, Waygu rib cap, and beef Wellington. The soup was good, the fish in the soup was really tender and delicious. The tartar was good, but nothing special at all. The 8 oz waygu was really good, super tender and was the reason for the 3 stars! The beef Wellington was good...for beef Wellington! I'm just not a fan of that dish. We also ordered their "famous" sticky toffee bread pudding. It was average.. . Overall with drinks and tip it was about 350$ and in my opinion not worth it. My steak was delicious but I think with all the other options on the strip I would not be returning. However if your a big fan of Gordon Ramsay and not concerned with price the atmosphere is top notch !
Service- very good, friendly and professional.. Food- just ok, I ordered the beef Wellington which was way over done! Roasted potatoes- awful.  I expected much more from this place. Next time when I'm in Vegas I won't be running back.. Drink selection- plenty to choose from!. Ambience- nice, however the tables are to closer together and I felt like I was having dinner with the people on both sides of me.
This Steakhouse did not make my top 5 for Vegas because I didn't have the steak.  I had the Wellington which isn't just the meat to judge by itself on flavour and tenderness.  The Wellington was good, I wouldn't order it again because I like the flavour of ribeye and the fatty goodness that comes with it.  . Food - seafood tower, if you screw up chilled fresh seafood in billion dollar hotels that receive fresh seafood every day, well then you don't belong here.  Oh yeahit was good and fresh.  Best part of the meal, the sticky toffee pudding and the coffee.. Atmosphere - no different than any other trendy restaurant in a Vegas strip hotel.  But we did meet Christina.  . Service - excellent.  The napkin lady folded it for me every time I got up.  Thanks. Wine - great selection but would you expect differently. . Nest time I will judge it on the steaks.
