1 star for the stage. 1 star for the dancers/acrobats. 1 star for the creativity. . 0 stars for the storyline - boring. 0 stars for entertainment - again I was bored at some of the scenes. . In general I think I liked O a tad better....I don't like these cirque de soleil type shows.  They take a circus act + add fancy costumes + add weird music + stage + storyline + $$$$$
Hmmmmmmm...............?  What to say about this one?. Well, I know my husband shelled out a pretty penny for us to sit seventh row center for my birthday two years ago, and now I'm wondering if we could have gotten some swell 2 for 1 deal.....? Ah, such is life.. Ya know, it was an alright show, but that's about all I can say.  I wasn't too impressed with the storyline and it wasn't as colorful as say Beetle's LOVE or Mystere, but for what it was, I'm still glad that I saw it.. ~Speakers in the seat......very cool!. ~A ginormous rotating stage........also, very cool!. ~And the typical Cirque acrobatics.......always a crowd pleaser! . =). Personally, I wouldn't pay to see it again, but if you can get the 2 for 1 hook up......HECK YEAH!
As others have said, I don't want to go into details, as part of any Cirque du Soleil show is the experience.  Between my wife and I, we have seen five Cirque shows and each of us rated KA as least favorite.  That is not to say that it is bad by any means, but given O or Love, we didn't feel it was worth the price.  Ultimately, I am glad that went, but won't attend a second time, as I plan to with other shows.
Probably the most linearly progressive and easy comprehensive non- English speaking show that bears the Cirque du Soleil badge. That is a bit of a negative to me because I enjoy shows that challenge me to think.. . The theater is no doubt stunning, large, surrounded by high tech equipment, the ushers are dressed up in performance attire, but the real jewel is the stage. The stage is an enormous square  platform where most of the action happens. The performances that take place on the platform certainly highlight the acrobats of the performers. The story seemed to be heavily influenced by marital arts and probably about 14 acts. Without spoiling the story, Ka is about two twins whom are separated after their palace is raided in which the twins go through adventures finding themselves. . . There was one particular scene that amazed me which was when the sister seems to be swimming down the ocean to rescue the nursemaid, but in reality the performer whom play the twin was on a rope against the enormous curtain pretending to swim while the nursemaid is slowly departing into the deep ocean. The swimming was very convincing and my mind was blown, that is all. . . If you plan on buying a frozen drink before the show I would advise you to go with the beer. The Ka Peche was super expensive ($14?) and tasted mostly like cheap super sweet peach drink mix. Where was my rum rum rum?. . I was a little uncomfortable in my seat because it was jam packed in the theater and I felt as though I was sitting in an airplane (think southwest airlines) with limited leg room.
Cirque du Soleil shows are always jaw dropping with spectacular theatrics.  However, I wasn't as blown away.  The story line was so confusing.  Especially since there is no dialogue.  I gave up trying to figure out what was going on.  On a plus note...try the large long island iced tea for $18.  It will get you through the show.
I recently watched this show for the second time since I saw it once w/o my husband and he really wanted to see it. The show is definitely different from your typical cirque du soleil shows. This one is more focused on Asian themed/ sword fighting/acrobatics. Most cirque du soleil show is like watching a dream with really no plot just different acts of crazy "sitting on the edge of chair" acrobatics. But KA actually has a storyline and nothing was really scary cause they used wires.. . The language they use and some characters (ie the Tarzan-ish guy) is just hard to take in. Even watching it the second time, it's not my kind of cirque du soleil, so I'm glad for both times I was able to get the tickets for a cheap price.. . The only thing I really like about the show is the big platform that can go vertical and move around. The last scene with the fighting on the vertical wall was my favorite, but the other parts didn't catch my attention like the other shows do.
The ambiance was outstanding. There were lots of humor in this show, which I really like. I love that the characters get the audience to be involved. The effects were pretty good as well. Tickets were about $160 each. I would look for a bargain.. (coke Bottle) if you want to see this show. I don't want to spoil the show, so I won't comment on the story line. The story line was so-so and to be honest I felt like it was not worth the money I had paid for. I walked out of there feeling ripped off. The action was not as great as I imagined. i guess I went in with higher expectations. Especially when people were hyping it up. tisk tisk... that should be a sin!
I have to preface this with saying that I have a personal preference for the more colorful and acrobatic shows. If you like martial arts and special effects, then this is the show for you!. . Without giving too much away, the stage seems to defy physics more than the performers do. It seemed to have a heavy Asian influence and the story, music and special effects really were amazing. Iparticularly liked the animal costumes - reminds me of the Lion King on Broadway. . . It's a great show with tons of talented performers, just not my personal favorite.
Not the same as other cirque du soleils.....much more of a play than a traditional cirque show, was dissapointed at how few acts there were...mostly comprised of dancing and a fancy stage/set.....cirque du soleil is starting to spread itself too thin....they need to stop expanding and focus on returning to their roots!
This show is pretty incredible and yes, gravity defying, but if you have seen the traveling Cirque shows it may leave you wanting more. The production value and moving stage is something to be seen, and if you can, do. I just thought the show was more choreography than acrobatics. The shifting, ever evolving stage on hydraulic shafts? AMAZING. whoever thought of that should get a medal.
Maybe i'm just not that artsy, but i thought this show was just okay. Granted my girlfriends & i had been drinking all day at the pool, so this was definitely a change of pace. I didn't follow any type of story, but some of the acro was cool. We were planning on going out to a club afterward to celebrate my friend's bachelorette party, but we were so tired from the serene music and dark room that we just went to bed.
I'm not sure how this show got 4 stars but I didn't really enjoy it, really. It was my first cirque du soleil show and I'll never watch another one if all their shows are like the KA one. I got the tickets for free and I sat pretty close. I was extremely excited when it first started, the fire, the costumes, etc. But as the storyline went on, too much shit was going on and I didn't understand any of it. . . It's Las Vegas - I haven't been sleeping, it's dark and cool in here, if I'm not entertained, i will fall asleep. Which point blank, did happen - kind of. I didn't entirely knock out, it took every ounce of energy for me to not fall asleep. It was pretty boring and I was unimpressed. Sure, the moves were amazing (i don't doubt that, there's no way that I could do half the things they do on the stage). But the show just didn't hold my attention whatsoever. For the last 30 minutes, I was hoping that it would end ASAP so I could leave.. . The concession stand was cheaper than other shows though, $6 for beer/pop and you get huge cup! And popcorn was pretty cheap (comparable to theatre prices). . . I wouldn't want to watch this if I had to pay for my tickets and I got pretty close seats. . . Honestly, don't cheap out on the seats... if you get seated too far back, you won't see anything.
Of all of the Cirque shows I have been too, this one was my least favorite. I guess it depends on what part of Cirque you like...me personally..I like the crazy acrobatic stunts and the tumbling. This show was more storyline centric though. Frankly there were times during the show where I was just bored and waiting for something exciting to happen. That's never been the case for me at any other Cirque shows.. . The theatre was pretty sweet though, and there was actually some audience interaction by the actors, which was pretty cool. Also the whole stage setup and props were just AMAZING. I've never seen a rotating stage like that before. Pretty damn awesome.
For 150$ bucks a seat, not worth it. There were a few times where I was very impressed  with the acrobatics however I felt that there were some slow parts. It took 45 min into the show to really see anything amazing. There were a few comedic parts and I was more impressed with the sea lions at SeaWorld. Go see KA only if you can get a heavily discounted ticket!!
Went to see this show this past Saturday night.  Unfortunately, the experience did not live up these rave reviews at all.  It took a good 30 minutes for the show to interested- and by then my bf was deep asleep.  The show really needs to be reworked- the stupid baton scene as well as the beach scene with the sea creatures was totally ridiculous.  Overall there were like 4 really interesting scenes, but I definitely feel like Cirque is holding back on us.  . . In the past I've seen O and Mystere- and those are really amazing and the performers totally push it to the limit.  I also have NO idea what the story line for this show is supposed to be- it literally made no sense while I was watching it, so I made a mental note to just disregard the story line and just enjoy the experience.. . If you plan on going, make sure you book through ticketmaster and type "summer" in the box to get a better deal- and know that seat location doesnt really matter because the seating area is relatively small.
i've wanted to see a cirque show for some time now and this was the first cirque show for my friend and i.. we got discount tix at one of those booths 2 hrs before the show.. our seats were first section, left side and being on the side wasn't bad.. we actually couldv'e gotten second section seats and it would've been fine bc the stage wasn't that far up.. . . within a min of starting the show i knew my friend would get bored and fall asleep.. lo and behold, i was right haha.. there's a storyline to this show but there were parts of it i just wasn't interested in.. there were a few scenes i loved though because of the bright lights and visuals.. . . the show is 1.5 hr with no intermission.. which was good so my friend would be put out of their misery.. glad ka was our first show to watch together.. now, on to the next! le reve, zumanity, o..
The beginning is slow...not many cool things going on at first, but it does pick up with some really cool dancing and swinging around throughout the show...and cool music.  A martial-arts themed show with a lot of ninja-type action.  Cool storyline.. . I guess I was just expecting more, considering it's one of the best and most expensive shows in Vegas.. . My boyfriend loved it though.  It was his first show in Vegas and had nothing but great things to say about it.
For cirque de soleil, I am not very impressed. When that word comes to mind, it invokes lots of mind boggling acrobatic. The play focused more on Details such as costume and their expensive rotating stage. . . This show was ok as best. My favorite so far have bee, O, Mystere, and phantom of the opera( I know that's not cirque de soleil)
I had such high expectations for this show but maybe they were too high because it was just OK. however, the theater was impressive. there was a part where they portray a rocking ship during one scene and the whole stage where they were on were rocking. and it really did look like a rocking ship. also there was the huge vertical wall where they perform while sliding across left to right, up, down etc. IBut the show itself, I thought was not five stars for a cirque de soleil production. i guess i like it more when they visit the city and the theater is not as big, so you get more up close to the performers and the special effects/lighting.
This was my first Cirque du Soleil show since the touring Saltimbanco in the early 1990s. I was a teenager then, but I STILL remember how cool that show was: Essential CDS, with totally amazing acrobatics and music, beautiful visuals, etc. . . Having been to Vegas a bunch of times, somehow I never got around to going to a CDS show in Vegas. So this time, I wanted to put things right.. . Unfortunately, I didn't get around to buying the CDS tickets until we arrived in Vegas. "O" - our first choice - was sold out. The concierge at our MGM-affiliated hotel, Aria, told us in an OH-so-unbiased manner (uh.... right) that the MGM-resident "Ka" was just amazing, totally worth it, etc. So we plunked down $119 for Ka tickets.. . Man, were we underwhelmed. Where was the majesty, the beauty, the physical feats that make you wonder whether you've been transported to a lower-G environment? . . Ka is about a bunch of Asian-stereotype folks running around a stage, spouting psuedo-Asian gobbledygook, with fake giant sea creatures, human hamster wheels, and a human-sized peg board that rotates every which way. And that's about it. Really.. . I didn't fall asleep, but my mind definitely wandered. . . Instead of "Ka," they should call this show "huh?".
Let's keep in mind that this review is coming from someone who is in their 20's. I was not amazed as everyone else was with this show. The props and stunts were cool but nothing to die for. There was more story telling and fake kung fu that took up most of the show. There were about 2 or 3 really cool scenes but besides that it wasn't to my liking. . . SPOILER ALERT: the big spinning wheel was the coolest along with the vertical wall. The fighting on the wall and the sand was something u would see on power rangers. Just over exaggerated fighting. It didn't help that the actors spoke baby language. It wasn't English, Chinese, or anything. It was goo gaa gag ooo. I myself wouldn't go back to see. Maybe when I'm a lot older and haven't seen better things. I would go to a Michael Jackson Cirque du Soleildad if they came out with one.
This show was OK. There was too much going on and my lack of interest in martial arts didn't help.
Every Cirque is wonderful. I've seen almost every Cirque du Soleil and I have to say this is 2nd to the bottom.  I'm glad I saw it, but it isn't as exciting or as moving as other shows. Piece of advise: don't sit near the front. We did and our necks were stuck in extended position for an hour after the show!!! :)
Well... I have to say I was a bit disappointed.... The stage is amazing and very dynamic.. But I think some parts of the show are a bit repetitive and not so spectacular (I was not impressed by the fights).. Don't get me wrong, it's a good show but if this is your first cirque du soleil show, I would go see Mystere...
This show was OK.  I chose it because of the story line, which I thought my son and I could enjoy, while my wife enjoyed the acrobatics.  My impression was one of "Prince of Persia" Cirque de Soleil style.  I wasn't far from the truth, but it still wasn't good enough.  The moving floor was cool, and during some "fight" segments the actors would slow down their movements to provide a "slow-motion" feel to the choreography.  Still, the story didn't seem to flow.  Two different plot lines, going seemingly different directions, and getting farther apart, are merged during the final moments that make the climax seem rushed and forgettable.  The best part could have been when the floor was vertical, giving an overhead view of a major battle.  Unfortunately the choreography looked more like stoned hippies dancing in the park than any sort of action scene.  Great concept, but poorly executed.
As far as Cirque shows go, this one wasn't that great. See Love instead. I found this stage very boring since it was not in the middle of the room like others.
This show was a bit slow for me.  It made me snooze for a little bit.
First of all, I was hugely impressed by their theater.  It's definitely one-of-a-kind, and makes the experience that much more enjoyable.. . Their "pre-game" show (or whatever you call it) was really amusing.  The actual show was kinda odd and confusing, though.  Sure, the performances were great, but the plot was not well-developed or even interesting!  From what I've heard, Ka is supposed to be the most plot-heavy of all the Cirque du Soleil shows!  yikes.... . Ka is basically a story of two imperial twins who are separated and by an event and they each go on their own adventure where they make friends and fight enemies.  But whenever they speak (which is not often), they are talking in some gobbledygook language.  The stunts are pretty neat, especially combined with the fancy floating-stage-thing.  Sidenote: The animals and symbolism really reminded me of Ottawa's Mosaika show (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mosaika-ottawa#hrid:3pr40QV1gK0hLlzkzTsslA) ... must be a Canadian thing.. . Anyway, if you are looking for something to do in Vegas, it's a fair option.  Not super-memorable or anything, but I didn't feel like I wasted my time, either.  Just gotta decide if it is worth the $$$ to you...
While we were in Vegas, we decided to catch a Cirque du Soleil show.  There were so many we didn't know which one to pick!  I really wanted to see Zumanity and O, but with so many positive reviews about Ka, I decided to go with Ka.. . I was disappointed.  I've seen two Cirque shows, both travelling (Totem and Quiddam).  I guess I expected more since I was so impressed by the stunts of the prior two shows, especially Totem.  . . The stage is truly spectacular, and a few of my favorite parts included the shadow fingers and the guy jumping rope on the wheels.  I thought it was quite amazing that the stage could rotate the way it did.  . . The stunts just aren't as breathtaking as the other shows I've seen I guess.  By that I mean there aren't unicycle girls flipping bowls or a guy doing triple flips on a beam.  . . If this is your first Cirque show, I'd recommend it, but I feel like I should have picked O instead.
I wanted to see one of the Cirque Du Soleil shows since I was in Vegas.  I booked the ticket around noon of the date of the show, but it was only $70 with tax for the second level seat right in the middle.  I could have not asked for a better seat for the price I paid.  . . They have a harp show near the entrance 15 minutes before the show.  My girlfriend and I only saw a couple minutes because to us it sounded like a bunch of random notes being played.  Okay I guess we are not artistic enough to understand it.  . . As soon as we stepped into the theater, I was amazed by its structure.   The technical aspect of the show is also great.  I loved how the main stage kept rotating horizontally and vertically throughout the show.  . . However I did not get the storyline clear enough.  They give you very little information about the show and expect you to understand everything going on the stage.  Apparently KA has the clearest storyline of all the Cirque Du Soleil shows.  Okay I guess I am not theatrical either.  I wish I searched the storyline of KA before seeing the show so that I would have know what was going on all the time.  On top of not knowing what was going on fully, some scenes are really slow and boring so I came very close to falling asleep.  . . My first Cirque Du Soleil experience was okay.  Next time I will search a better show for me.
Great show for first time Cirque du Soleil patrons!  Visually appealing, loaded with movement and energy, a little bit like a variety show (e.g. solo aerial gymnast/dancer, duo that jumps rope, etc.), and the music is pretty good.  Don't be late - you'll miss some cool and fun stuff.  Also, after seeing the show twice, once sitting THISclose to the stage and a second time sitting farther away, I prefer to sit farther from the stage.  I got to see the entire set, in all its glory/beauty and appreciated the show so much more.  Plus, seating farther from the stage are cheaper.  All this to say, engineers, computer geeks, gamers, construction folks, makeup artists, dancers, pyromaniacs, music enthusiasts, costume lovers, seniors, and youngins will find this show appealing.. . The lowdown: storyline is about two royals (prince and princess) who become orphaned and separated.  The show follows each royal through a period of his and her life, including people/places they meet/see along the way.  It has a storybook ending.. . Other important info: student discounts only available on certain days of the week, don't be late as this show starts promptly at schedule time, 'cheap' seats (sitting farther back) is preferred, interactive pre-show (again, don't be late or you'll miss the pre-show), adequate leg room in all rows, built-in speakers in head rest, pick up tickets well before show starts; other wise, your tickets will be sold to last-minute purchasers.  Pick up tickets from MGM concierge if Ka Theater counter is closed, I scored FF row tickets for $70 using a deal a found on Travelzoo.  The seats were great.
Not as gay as I expected.
The tricks were really fun to see but the story line was hard to follow.  It was nice to see waht a cirque du soleil is all about but not in a rush to go back.
My husband and I went to see this on 7/26/2012. It was our first time seeing a Cirque show. We sat about 7 rows from the front on the right hand side. I think if we had sat farther away we might have had a bit more appreciation for the set. As it was we sat so close to the stage the acrobatics didn't seem that impressive because we were so close nothing looked that high and it was easy to understand how it worked. The storyline lacked and I'm not sure it was necessary. In fact it seemed that there were parts of the show that didn't really add to the impressiveness of the skill but they were there to carry on a very loose story line. All in all I do not reccomend this as someone's first Cirque show. If you go get the cheapest seats and try to get seated farther back from the stage.
I am sure this is a five star show to those who are new to acrobats but to me who grown up watching Chinese acrobats KA is just an entry level acrobat show(death wheel is the only part I enjoyed). I know I could never do any of the moves in KA but when you have seen the best of it watching KA really disappointed me a lot... I would choose Mystere over Ka which has more acrobatic skills and music is better. 3 stars is for the hard working performers.
I picked this show to watch because the story line was something my (Vietnamese) parents could understand, but my sister and her bf had already watched the show.  However, they said it was so good that they were willing to pay $100 to watch it again.  We got the fifth row from the back, but at least we were in the middle of the theater - seating was pretty decent in my opinion.. . I like how the performers came out before the show actually started.  They did a small gestures/skits while people were still looking for their seats.  They story line was simple, but made it easier to follow since there wasn't any dialog (just some singing). The performance and the graphics were amazing, but I was hoping the last flight would of been more intense and had more action.  Great start, weak finish.. . Overall, it was worth $100 and was a great experience, but I would not pay another $100 to watch it again.
My least fav. Cirque show. I just didn't find it as exciting as the others. A little too much performance art vs. acrobatic entertainment. Ive seen almost all the cirque shows and  this is my least favorite. To be honest, I thought it was boring.
Great theatre and amazing stage cannot fault the production values of the show however there were less acrobatics than expected and this mismatch of expectations can put ppl off
Cool. . dramatic and entertaining for a family outting.
It was alright. I've heard so many people rave about this show, and I guess with having such high expectations before seeing it, I became a little dissapointed when it didnt turn out like how I thought it would.. . Still worth seeing. . . I'd say seating really doesnt matter.. because there is action going on everywhere not just at the front. You'll see them from the sides. so if you reserve seats at the front, you'll have to turn around to see some action..
I'm not a huge fan of Cirque. Don't get me wrong; what they do IS amazing. But like cathedrals in Italy, if you seen a few they seem the same. I do think KA had a great stage and an excellent lighting design. My favorit was under the water scene.. . I haven't seen 'O' so I wouldn't claim to be the authority on Cirque shows. If you get discounted tickets like we did, I would recommend checking it out.
I like O and Mystere the best. This was a bit boring in spots.
This will likely be an unpopular opinion but I thought KA was just OK. It wasnt bad and it wasnt great either. Having seen other Cirque shows in the past, I was surprised at how little "acrobatics" and "tricks" this show had. It was mostly storytelling with beautiful music, an absolutely stunning stage, impressive large scale sets and costumes. . . But thats not what I want when I see a Cirque show. I expect amazing acrobatics, tricks, people flipping through the air and performing eye-popping routines. I expect to be wowed. I expect to be impressed and leave the theater wondering "how did they do that??". . Don't get me wrong, there were some parts of the show that were truly amazing. Some very gifted athletes in this show. It just was not what I've experienced at a typical Cirque show. Lots of light hearted storytelling with a big emphasis on the amazing stage which moves around and lifts in the air and flips around, etc.. . If this is your first Cirque show I think you'll be impressed. If its not, I think you'll enjoy it just but it wont be your favorite.
Oi...this was the most yawn-inducing production by Cirque Du Soleil ever...however the only redeeming factor about this show was that it actual has a story...other cirque du soleil productions are mostly about the awesome and cool acrobats and performances however this one has an actual story - and I feel like because it was an actual story it lacked the cool performances of the other Cirque du Soleil shows.  . . Now what I really expected was an integration of cool tricks and acrobats into the story. But they kept me waiting for something cool to happen and it never did. The only really thing I liked about this show was the cool vertical wall they were fighting on.... but honestly other then that the rest of the show was pretty boring. . . I enjoyed Mystere, Iris and several other Cirque du Soleil productions but this one kind of disappointed me and was not really worth the price I paid for the four tickets. Some parts of the show just really dragged and at one point it got annoying with the girl screaming.  . . Overall if you are watching a production by cirque du soleil for the first time then this would be an okay show to watch since your expectations wouldn't be so high yet. I mean it's not necessary a bad show just wasn't what I expected.
Finally saw the show after wanting to see it for a long time!. . Well... i will have to say that it was simply "OK". Storyline is kinda slow and not much of acrobatics or tricks. My boyfriend was falling asleep and so was I. We have seen Quidam and it had ALOT more acrobatics and more entertaining. . . The music was actually pretty good as it goes well with the story telling. The only highlight of the show are the moving stage, which is REALLY impressive. . . Would i see it again? Probably not.
So this was my first Cirque du Soleil. And since I was running the RnR Las Vegas Marathon, they had a pretty sweet deal and had tickets to the KA at 2 for $99. Since I went solo, I think I paid $64, which was still pretty good and with a pretty good seat too.. . I really didn't know what to expect walking in the theater; but it seemed  that you are expecting all of the theater would be part of the show with the giant towers, and dangling ropes so I was thinking to myself...this is gonna be cool.. . So I was told that KA has a lot of acrobatic performances and a really great story line. I can totally see the acrobatic performances but I didn't get the story line. Maybe it was just me, but there seemed to be some good guys, then some bad guys taking over, then the good guys take over at the end. There were Asians, blacks and some Eskimos? so I couldn't figure it out...oh well.. . But the performances by the artists were definitely top notch. With the super high tech stage that kept the audience guessing on what is going to happen made it more special. Lots of gravity defying stunts did make me go "wow" but it wasn't enough to compensate for the unknown story line.. . I guess this is a good intro to the Cirque du Soleil shows. I can't wait to see the next one. I guess they have a no photography policy, only at the end it is ok.
Sat in the very front row to see this show and sorry to say that was a mistake as you lose some of the perspective that close up.  This is standard faire Cirque cool wire and wrap work but nothing memorable.
Not my favorite Cirque show, but the transformational stage was amazing. Pay extra for seats up close. You'll be glad you did.
Ka did not live up to my expectations. I've always heard of Cirque shows being the "must see" in Vegas however, after experiencing a few I would be more inclined to tell people to skip it. About 20 minutes in to the show after the initial amazement had worn off I was bored and ready to leave. I'm sure this is some people's idea of entertainment, definitely not mine.
It was a good show, but slow at times. The plot line was very confusing. Not all the scenes related to it. The workers are dressed in costume to give you that Cirque feel. The acrobats were definitely something to see, but I left disappointed. Glad I didn't pay full price for the tickets.
It was ok. The theatre and stage are pretty impressive and the music is dreamy. I wasn't a fan of the story line. It felt a bit slow and some stuff just didn't make sense to me.  I also  kept hoping for amazing acts that are typical of cirque du soleil. There were maybe a couple of really cool ones and the rest was a lot of prancing around. Don't get me wrong, the type of prancing took skills (I wouldn't be able to do it) but I was expecting for more instead of just letting the amazement of the stage be the main thing. I wouldn't see this show again, but it was entertaining and a good experience.
This was my first Cirque du Soleil show.  I was awed by the acrobatic performances.  The music was nice and loud. The story was great.  But, I did fall a sleep 3/4 the way through the show.
Gorgeous as usual for Cirque Du Soleil. But unfortunately A-OK. My mom ended up falling asleep during the middle of it lol.. . IF YOU SIT IN THE AISLE BE PREPARED FOR CREEPY DANCERS TO SNEAK UP ON YOU AND SCARE YOU.. . OhmyGod! it's like I was a target! WTF KA. Not cool. Once was funny. 6 times not soo much. Like Knotts Scary Farm all over again.... . ,Unfortunately, I think this was the most underwhelming Cirque Du Soleil show I've seen. Definitely beautiful, but I caught my attention drifting away at times. Not really a fan of the beginning or end or anything to do with that weird Rock Star dude. But the middle was great! LOL don't want to spoil it for anyone... . . Would I see it again? Probably not.... . But I definitely can't give Cirque Du Soleil anything less than 3 stars. Gotta give props to the performers. No way I could ever bend or move my body like that!
I am only giving KA 3 stars and I feel bad doing that. I have seen this show many times and always thought of it as one of the top show in town.. . I felt that the performers in the front were not very friendly like they normally are. The seat usher was extremely rude to us and our out of town guests. So we already had a bad taste in our mouths before the show started. . . The was just good Nothing spectacular. They have changed so much of it and removed so many good parts. Not sure why, I thought it was amazing when it first opened.. . The only part that actually stands out in my mind now as amazing is the baton girl and the 2 people doing the hand puppet light show. . . I am glad I got this on a locals special this time. Otherwise I would have been really upset. I will probably not be returning and that is sad.
The stages were cool but it just didn't do it for me after seeing Michael Jackson One the night before.
I would like to quote someone below, "for the price I paid ($0), it was fantastic."  LOL  We got this through Expedia as a promotion.  Now, I would NEVER call ANY Cirque show bad.  Too much work and talent is required to put on a Cirque show for me to say that.  I thought this show was beautiful - the set, the effects, the understated talents like the hand puppet part and such.  I guess I just wanted a little more in the way of drama and all.  If you don't have A.D.D. and can go in with an open mind and can appreciate the talents you are witnessing, you will love this show.  If you're otherwise, you might want to think twice.  I enjoyed it, but not as much as other Cirque shows I've seen in Vegas.
First I should state that I just saw this show last night (8/10/13) so this review is pretty fresh. Me and a friend decided that we wanted to see a show while she was visiting (Yes, I'm a local and love that locals discount!)....Anyway this is the third Cirque show  I've seen and all I can say is its ok. The theater is beautifully designed however bring a  sweater because it gets freezing in there! Thankfully they tell you what the story is about in the beginning otherwise its kinda unknown. The stunts, music and performers are great but the whole production seemed to be missing something. Even with the amazing stage I still felt like something was missing. If I would've paid full price for these tickets I would be upset....Go see Zumanity! It's still my favorite, Loved it!
This is the only cirque show I have watched, but after getting reviews from acquaintances for other shows, I feel that this could either be your show or not; it really depends on what you are looking for in a show.. . Also, I would like to note that this was my second time watching this show, and my first time happened to be one week before the cast member died and they had to change the show. Before I would had given this show a 3.5, maybe a 4. They did take out the best scene in the show. . . First of all, staff was friendly and entertaining. With that said, I did not enjoyed the fact that they were sitting people down that were late right in the middle of the show. This is when I heard the most insincere "so sorry" I've probably hear. . . The show does offers some interesting acts, but I feel that it develops slowly and I would say some are even boring. Surprisingly, I was more entertained the second time I watched this  but I still had a hard time staying awake for a couple of minutes. . . Bottom line: I wouldn't pay again to watch this show.
We attended this show after they revamped the ending due to the accident and death of one of the performers.  We found the overall show to be wonderful and exciting in parts.  However, we feel they rushed to get the show back into production and therefore the ending did not fit in well with the rest of the show, it just made it all a little confusing.  I think if they can rework the ending it will be a great show.
Review for the show after the 7/2013 accident. This show is incredible with the vertical stage and the amazing wire act. The characters are also very likeable with a "video game" like storyline. A basic good vs. evil theme. . . Be advised they changed the climatic ending due to the accident to CGI (you end up watching a video for 3 mins at the end) instead of the original VERY AWESOME high flying act. *Hint: If you really want to see the original climatic Ka ending then it is available on YouTube. Go watch it ONLY after seeing the show though. . . Now, is it worth the very $$$ expensive ticket price without the final high flying act? Not really because you will feel short changed. Save your $$$ for a lovely dinner or for a show like La Reve or O. But if you can score tickets at $$ prices then the show is still worth it. I hate to say this because I enjoyed the show regardless but it is what it is.. . I sincerely wish they will bring back the incredible climatic ending in the future.
This was the 2nd Cirque show the hubs and I have seen with the first one being Mystere. Hubs and I were really excited to see this show. We got there extra early and were at the front of the line. The ushers are hilarious and full of character. It made waiting in line more bearable. . . We sat in our seats for some time while the rest of the guests were coming in. The stage looked impressive and there are speakers in every seat. Cool! I was a little disappointed that there was no clown for this show. . . The good:. + It's fire themed and there's a clear storyline. + Good performances. + Impressive rotating stage. . The bad:. - Not enough acrobatic performances. - 1 whole scene was CG'd. . A few months ago one of the performers fell and died. I'm assuming that the scene where they CG'd the performance was the one where the lady died. Ok, I can understand all the complicated things associated with that scene, but if you're going to CG it you should probably cut the scene out altogether or shorten it. It was so boring watching a CG projection for 5 minutes. I don't mean to be disrespectful to the lady who died. I know these performers are doing risky stunts etc. The audience does pay a lot of money for a spectacular show. If the scene is deemed unsafe etc they shouldn't wastes the audience's time. You can still have a good show without that scene. . . Some people really enjoy this show. For the hubs and I, we thought it was so so. We would recommend Mystere over this one. . . Next on our list, O!
I was SUPER excited to see the show because I've only heard incredible things. The show was great, but I feel like it ended abruptly. I believe they took out the last scene where they had the death earlier this year, which I completely understand, but the new ending did not transition well. I was able to get a really good price on the tickets with their anniversary sale, but I think I would have been really disappointed if I bought the tickets at full price.
If you go to a Cirque show, it really shouldn't matter which one because they are all good.  Most of the other Cirque show doesn't really have a story.  This one does.  But the grandeur of the special effects, not the story, steals the headlines.  It's big and therefore awesome.  Having said that, the individual talent from the Mystere show clearly unshines the individual talents of this show.  You won't be disappointed; it just because of the story, it can get boring at times in between the grand exhibits.
How people are rating this show at 4 and 5 stars is totally beyond me! Here is the real deal since I have a feeling that some of the reviews on here are bogus. Sorry that I didn't know about the revised ending before spending the money, I know better now. . . First, I've been to 5 Cirque shows 2 this weekend in Vegas (O and KA) sadly I saw O before KA and my expectations were high but the bubble burst quickly with the start of the show.. . Let's start with sound, they have a sound system worthy of a Paul McCartney concert and at times they actually use it but from the start it was obvious the main players either weren't miked or they didn't feel that they need to be in the PA at a respectable level because they really weren't. At other times in the show I was able to hear people eating popcorn several rows behind me when the music should have been more prominent, damn they even have speakers in the seats how about using them!!! Oddly later in the same song it was thunderous. . . Next, the show gave the impression of a fire show from the pre-show warm-ups that never played into the performance at all which I found to be very odd. But what really had me scratching my head and wondering why I just spent 600 dollars for my 4 person family was watching 'finger puppets' for 5 minutes, yes 'finger puppets' and I'm not one to spoil the show but seriously Cirque that's the best you could do and incorporate into a top billed Vegas show! WTF guys!!!. . Another thing that I found to be very annoying is that most Cirque shows feature acts with some intermissions, this show is all the intermission skits and some performances tossed in, really backwards and kind of annoying when you pay big bucks for big acts not baton twirling! . . What I came to see was the big fight at the end on the moving platform, that sequence is still in the previews that I saw all over town on DVD loops yet when the big scene came into play I was treated to a video, an F'in video not even in HD video of a previous performance but a really crappy low rez version, then suddenly fireworks and it's over. Everyone in the house had the same reaction, this is it, it's over, aside from 8 guys that stood up and yelled and clapped like they were part of a previous cast, nobody was really even thinking it was over! This show was very anti-climatic to say the least! . . Save your $$$ or watch O, I can vouch for that one!
