Monday night.  teenager is out of town on trip.  what to do?  head to Citizen Public House to try some of the dishes we've heard about.. . first thing -- though theaddress may "be" on 5th Ave., it faces Craftsman Court.  Understand if the PO won't let you change your address, but might be wise to make a mention of it on your website.  we drove up and down 5th twice looking for 7111.  . . we were one of three tables occupied at 6 p.m.  We chose indoors next to the open doors to the patio.  Wanted the ambiance of the indoors, not the so-so view of the street from the patio.  unfortunately the air conditioning was cranked full blast.  when made mention to server, all we got was "wow, really, we're really warm.". . we ordered cocktails, and had to catch our waitresses eye after she  and other staffers spent some time talking to a regular that had come in.  where's our drink?  oh, the bar didn't see the ticket -- and was busy talking to the regular.  shouldn't take 10 minutes to get a drink when you're two of 10 people in the restaurant. . . ordered the fondue -- used Kilt Lifter.  Cheese sauce was quite good -- not overpowering.  asian pear for dipping a nice touch, as well as the homemade hunter sausage.  the bread was fine.  one problem?  the sterno blew out as soon as the waitress left (told you there was a draft from the a/c) and she was not seen anywhere.  so...we ate fast.. . crispy squid were just okay.  the highlight of the night?  the pork belly pastrami with rye spaetzel (typically little blobs of dough dropped into boiling water...these were bigger, cylindrical shaped), and an outstanding brussels sprouts sauerkraut.  could eat three more plates of this in one sitting it was so good.  (actually, was dreaming about the spaetzel on the way over, but due to its shape and denseness, it took a backseat to the brussels....).. . we split the grilled halloumi cheese sandwich.  good....would order it for a lunch, but nothing outstanding.. . what stole the show?  the apple/bacon bread pudding with bourbon brown sugar sauce.  we ditched the cinnamon ice cream on top and just focused on the sweet, smoky, crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside pudding with its not too cloying sauce.. . overall...good place for a good drink and some eats.  destination restaurant for best food in town?  no.  service is casual.  not bad, just casual.  if you've got nowhere to go, you'll be okay with it.. . meanwhile, i'm trying to figure out how to get more of that pork belly pastrami and brussels.....
fun environment and menu. food and service was, meh....just ok. drinks weren't as strong as what we paid for.
Their menu promised food likely to send any foodie into a blissful food coma.  I didn't quite reach food coma status, I'd say nap status would be more accurate.  . The wagyu burger, made from meat that is considered one of the most fatty cuts of beef, was dry probably because the chef cooked it medium well instead of medium rare per our request.  Minus 1.  . The fondue light kept going out, minus 1.  . But the waiter made it his mission to keep it lit all throughout dinner, so plus 1 for service.  . The fondue accompaniments were aite.  Nothing to write home to mom about but they did have asian pears.  Plus 1.. The pork belly dish was freaking amazing.  Caramalized brussel sprouts, spaetzle, it was all done to perfection.  The only thing wrong about it was that there wasn't enough.  Plus 2.  . Beers during happy hour were 2 bucks.  Plus 1.. . -1-1+1+1+2+1=3 stars
What we ate:. . Bacon fat popcorn - yummy . Gorgonzola Mac and Cheese - yummy. BLT of the day - glad we split this, it was good but super rich. . At this point I wish there would have been a small palate cleanser offered, the food is so rich and something small and light would have helped me decide to order more.  Instead I ordered the chopped salad and I was happy with it, though would have ordered a main course instead if something small and light would have been offered.  . . The rest of our party ordered main course's and I tried all of them, the roasted parsnip puree was awesome and so were the scallops.  The BBQ dipping sauce for the short ribs was very heavy and the short ribs were better without it.  . . The service was great, we had a reservation and were seated right on time.  The drinks were great and inventive.  . I probably won't return to have a full dinner here, but drinks and the popcorn for sure, maybe a happy hour.
I must preface this review by saying my expectations were very high for CPH. For no reason really, I hadn't heard any recommendations I just thought this place would be awesome.  Maybe it's all in the name, nevertheless I was disappointed. The food was above average probably deserving more them three stars but everything else was average at best. Well except the lighting, that seemed to be the perfect level of dim. The decor was bland, the walls seemed stark, random plastic house plants were the only decoration other then the poorly framed and hung black and whites. As you can probably already tell my disappointment lies almost totally in the ambiance. It just lacked that something cool that many other restrantuants in the Phoenix area these days have. But like I said the food was above average, i had the burger and it was good (the fries are exceptional). The service was very good and there are some good specialty drinks that were well made.  I would recommend at least 5 other places to try before this one especially given the price.
I decided to give this place a whirl yesterday on my lunch about 5pm from work  the space was nice open airy the staff from front of the house to The wait staff all were very friendly linens on the tables as well as linen napkins the only thing was the menu was a little lack luster the appetizer selection was fair. Hummus,tzatziki  , served w/flat bread ,selection of olives a couple of pork belly selections I had the lamb burger I ordered medium it was served a more rare but was still good the did offer some higher priced entrees and there were other selections of burgers and sandwiches thus the name gastro pub  they had some good beers on tap
I have been here 3 times and I am torn between 3 and 4 stars. I have had a good meal here everytime but somethings are much better than others.. .  Lets start with the passables, which would be almost every sandwich or burger they have on the menu. Not to say that they are bad, but for $13 you can get a much better burger or grilled cheese sandwich at many other phoenix eateries. Another item i was unimpressed with was a Fish and Chips special which was priced at $20. It came out with 2 small panko crusted halibut filets and fries. It was a somewhat decent amount of food when you added the fries to the equation, but the batter was bland and the fish was dried out. Many other places around the valley have much better fish and chips for around half the price.. . Moving on to the good menu items, I would have to start with the $32 Filet which is amazing. One of the best steaks I have had in arizona and equal and if not better in quality to one you would get at any high end steakhouses. Other good choices include the scallops, which were cooked perfectly and bursting with flavor. Another one of my favorites of this menu is the chopped salad which is fantastic and a must order.. . I would review the desserts but I have never ordered one since none of them on the menu have caught my attention.. . The service is always prompt and professional, they have a beer list and innovative specialty cocktails. The ambiance is above average and more intimate then most "gastropubs".. . So all in all, would I go back? Yes, but only when i can afford to order a high priced and deliicious entree, otherwise I can get my burger or sandwich fix elsewhere.
I hate to go against the usual rating for this place, but after my experience Friday night I really don't see how a 4 star is warranted. I must say though, I do see the potential and would go back again to give it a second try, but here are my thoughts about my first experience at Citizen Public House. . . First of all, we went to CPH during restaurant week for a business dinner, so part of my experience may be tainted by the reason I was there. I really felt the initial service was lacking. We wanted to change seats, but our waitress didn't come to our table for about 10 minutes, so we had to ask the hostess to move us. Then, it took another 10 minutes to clear another table, which was empty in order for us to move seats. Once we were seated at the new table, our waitress was prompt, helpful, and extremely delightful. . . As far as the food goes, I was expecting to be blown away based on the reviews. My experiences at FnB and other restaurants in town completely surpassed CPH food. I did love the pork fat popcorn. I had never had something like that at a restaurant and I loved the bacon. It seems that CPH loves bacon overall as it was very present on their menu, including apple bacon bread pudding, which was just alright. I had the smart chicken which was really standard chicken and risotto. My Husband really enjoyed his scallops, but didn't like the coffee pot dessert. . . So, long story short, I would give CPH a second try, but I wouldn't go running back any time soon. I'd say my experience was unique given the trend on yelp.
First time dining here - we went for restaurant week. Overall, it was ok. My expectations were really built up by these reviews, and in relation I was a bit underwhelmed. It's still a good restaurant, but I expected great, so that's influencing my rating here.. . As for the deets... atmosphere was excellent and I'm glad to have a place like this in the area. We had mixed reviews on the food, however. The bacon popcorn was interesting and tasty. The chopped salad was amazing and I agree completely with other reviewers on that one. I would have liked that as an entree size and skipped my main plate. I got the pork sirloin, which was dried out and the flavors were trying too hard. Maybe it was exacerbated by the contrast between it and the salad before it, which was so lovely and subtle in how it came together. I was disappointed. I got my fiance to agree to split the entrees and had part of his Smart Chicken. It was certainly better - well cooked and juicy, with delicious crisp skin on top, but the flavors were overpoweringly earthy - the balance wasn't to my taste with too much mushroom (I love mushrooms but to be fair, these were one of the few kinds I don't like for this reason). As for dessert - I had the bacon apple bread pudding, and though I liked it, some of the bacon inside was too soft and put me off as far as texture. I also didn't like the strong smokiness left in my mouth in the end of the meal. I've had bacon in desserts before that did a better job balancing the sweetness with the meatness and this was just ok.
My wife and I ate there for dinner July 10.  We had 3 appetizers: (1) pork belly- magnificent, (2) crab cakes- exc, and (3) lamb belly- nice sauce but far too fatty.  Our entree was short ribs- a generous portion but nothing special in terms of flavor.  These 4 dishes and a drink each came to $99 w/ tip.  For that price, I expect consistently excellent to superior for every dish.
Yelp Eats Week 2011 (50% off!), Take 1:. . Easily a 4.5, maybe a 5-star review, but tonight's wait times for the entrees were too long, AND the restaurant was VERY noisy, and if there's one thing I really dislike, it is dining in a noisy venue!  . . I estimate that we waited at least 10 minutes our Sausage of the day app (chorizo, w/ a side salad that included pickled onions), which was fine, assuming by the time we sat down and ordered, it was already 8:15p (app photos* were taken at 8:28p), but I'd also placed our orders for the Pan-seared scallops (sub parsnip puree for the corn grits) and the Tender Belly strip steak at the same time as I'd ordered the app.  These did not arrive until shortly before I took photos (8:57p).  Andrew personally sat us at a table, but quickly obliged our request to move to another location that was a little less noisy- a booth had just opened up.  Nice touch, and it was greatly appreciated!  However, as the wait times extended longer and longer, the noise did get to my mother, who was very hungry and tired.  Subtract the long wait times and the excessive noise, I'm left w/ friendly and accommodating, yet VERY slow service (Andrew said I'd be able to sub something else for the corn-based sides in all of the "Yelp Eats" menu... I went w/ the dessert-sweet parsnip puree) and fantastic food!  The strip steak, cooked medium, was not overly-seasoned, and Mom was enjoying the meal, which was accompanied by a gorgonzola-corn spoon bread ("just like eating bread pudding"),  stone-fruit compote (apricot), and  crunchy pistachios.  I LOVED the compote, which really added to my enjoyment of Mom's entree choice.  I also loved the scallops entree, which consisted of three scallops that were around 1.75 inches in diameter each and sat on the parsnip puree, topped w/ sauteed snow pea greens and a gastrique made w/ Red Rock cola.  The applewood-smoked bacon lardons tasted nutty and had a nut-like mouth-feel, as well.  My first few bites of scallops and puree were lovely, but then the sweetness became too much, since the scallops were naturally sweet themselves.  Mom REALLY enjoyed the scallops (she didn't have much of the puree), much more so than the strip steak;  Hearing her hum w/ pleasure made me feel so happy!  :)  . . I would love to visit again, but on a less-busy time- it was, after all, first day of "Yelp Eats 2011."  Maybe for lunch?  I also put in a request to add the bread pudding fondue Yelpers enjoyed at the Yelp party held here in February on the regular menu; Andrew said that the venue still served it, but on special events.  While I was not able to enjoy the bread pudding tonight (I intend to visit again before YE' week ends), I did bump into Donjay S., who had tried it and said it was good, but not as good as the fondue version.  This menu's version includes bacon-- I cannot wait to try it!. . (*Lost my card adapter, and the photos uploaded using the USB seem to be corrupted... Please return back to view the photos, which will be uploaded soon!). . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d10IxZPirVJlOSpdRZJczA?select=pfXMOtx6TQCUJlfsw6qZyA. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d10IxZPirVJlOSpdRZJczA?select=_fOtfCw4UONRwxFaj68TXw. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d10IxZPirVJlOSpdRZJczA?select=DfQI2P_ONdYqtNV1435YhQ
I want to call this a 3.5. I didn't have a bad experience here. The waiter was fantastic, attentive, and funny. Things came out relatively quickly, the atmosphere was spot-on, there wasn't a wait for us, and it wasn't too busy. . . But my expensive hamburger was enormous and difficult and not in the deliciously messy way but in the "this is frustrating to eat for it not tasting completely amazing" way. The popcorn was expensive popcorn, with a bit of bacon grease flavor. Does what it says on the tin. The mac and cheese was quite good. The drinks were... interesting, and ran the gamut from awkward and overpowering to delightful, all the standard $9 or so. I think we skipped dessert.. . My guests enjoyed their meals quite a bit more (though the drinks thing was everyone having a sip; I had tea.). . Overall, a 3, maybe 3.5 star experience. I'll go back and give it another go, but I wasn't filled with a sense of wonderment. (And I tried other dishes than just the burger, naturally.)
Food was 4 stars.  Chopped salad is fun and delicious.  Sausage of the day was very good.  Chicken was pretty good but tasted a bit bland, corn risotto underneath was good.  Scallops were huge and savory on bed of grits, but it felt a bit stingy to only give 3 scallops.  4-5 would have been better, and not cost them a lot more really in ingrediants.. . Atmosphere is upscale, trendy, clean lines, what you expect from any new upscale restaurant.. . Service was extremely good.  . . So why 3 stars.  I could easily have put 4 stars.  . . But the food was NOT outstanding.  Good definately.  Very good, mostly.  Just nothing stood out as mind blowing.  . . Which is fined except when you are dropping around $100 for two people.. . For $100, I expect outstanding.. . Would I be back.  Sure.  Great place to go out with another couple, enjoy walking around, enjoy a good meal.
Will have to give this place another shot.  To be fair, I think it's closer to a 3.5 star rating.  Came here with a group of friends for Yelp Eats.  It was a Saturday night and it was both crowded and loud.  The menu is familiar (think of Cowboy Ciao mixed with Kasimeriz's wine nibbles).  There is the famous chopped salad (which I actually like sans the smoked salmon), fondue, burgers etc.  They have a lot of interesting items like blue cheese mac and cheese, pickled vegetables and sausages you don't genearlly see on the menu.  As part of Yelp eats, a portion of the menu was half off.  You really can't complain about the prices.  What I do take a little issue to is the use of salt.  The restaurant uses salt like it is going out of style.  It might have been that night, but everything came very liberally salted.  Also, I love bacon.  However, it seems like 2/3rds of the menu has bacon in it.  To the point it is almost gimmicky.  Although to be fair I did like the bacon grease popcorn, I just thought slices of bacon in my bread pudding was taking it a little too far.  The drinks are delicious.  If I was rating the drinks along, I would have given the place a 4.5. The service still needs some work.  It is clear that on really busy nights, the wait will be long.  Make sure you have good friends with you to pass the time away.  I did have to send one item back that was so salty it was inedible.  I was a little sad to see that there was no explanation and it was not taken off the bill.  (A little disconcerning given the fact that we were a large group, consuming and generating a good sized tab).  Overall, good place.  Fun but I'm not sure this will be my regular hangout.  I still prefer places where you don't have to shout to hear your neighbor across the way from you.
I have to give it to them - they did a nice job with this place. Service is great, nice atmosphere.. We sat at the bar for a couple of drinks and the bartender Elizabeth was sweet , attentive and poured great drinks. . Our food was good, nothing special though. We had the bar snacks fondue and hummus to start. Neither were impressive. I had the chicken for my main dish. The chiken was very moist and tender but the smoky flavor took over the whole dish and I coudn't taste the risotto or the nushroom. The other people at the table thought their dishes were good. But again - nothing amazing. . Overall we enjoyed our experience but will probably be back for the bar, not the restaurant.
Arrived early for my res, hostess was sweet. Sat at the bar, had a cocktail and was promptly seated at a booth. Waitress was diligent in explaining every item on the menu. I had the short ribs cuz I make my own and always wanna judge the competition. Started with the pork-bun appy, this is 3/4 inch bacon fat, delicious if you can get over eating large chunks of bacon fat. Had the chopped salad too, its a salad with it's own facebook page enuf said.. . My guests both had the filet. Loved it. I had the aforementioned short rib. Originally it appeared to be quite a large portion with 4x ribs, layer of fat, and a chunk of meat on top. After digging in I realized the "chunk" was really quite small and the only other meat in this dish was the tiny portion between the ribs. The flavor of the meat was quite lacking- supposed to be "coffee braised", the sauce provided was very sweet- apple- more along the lines of barbeque than typical braised short ribs. Not for me very disappointed... . BOTTOM LINE: Great overall experience. Short ribs fell short.
We went to CPH for my 29th birthday in early December.  It was easy to find as it is located in Old Town and once inside it was dark and hip.  They have a large bar and the dining area wraps around it.. We did not have reservations so sat at the bar for about 20 minutes before our table was ready.. The bar experience was the BEST part.  I had the Citi-zen signature (lemon drop) it was AMAZING!  It comes with a stick of rock candy as well.  My husband also thought his drink was one of the best cocktails he has ever had... We also snacked on some bacon fat popcorn which was super tasty.. Once seated we had really great service, but the food was lacking. I had a pork sandwich that was just average at best and not very hot.  My husband had the meatloaf, which was good, but slightly overcooked and pretty small considering the price.  I did end the night with the black and tan dessert and it would be one of my favs along with Gallo Blancos chocolate pudding for best desserts in the valley.. . So my suggestion is hit up happy hour, grab a few drinks & apps and finish off with the black and tan dessert.  Call it a night and save yourself from a disappointing entree and in the process save some serious cash..
Came to cph on a friends recommendation, and right off the bat the menu seemed really familiar. I had just gone to Cowboy Ciao the weekend prior and it felt like deja vu. So much so that I had to ask if they were affiliated with one another- sure enough the chef for cph had worked at Cowboy Ciao for 15 years or something the waiter said. Ok. Got it. The thing about both of these restaurants is that the menu is very eclectic, interesting ingredients such as duck fat in the ice cream. Friends ordered the famous chop salad and loved it. Even this has dehydrated corn in it. This restaurant has beautiful decor, not stuffy but elegant. Not something I could see myself wanting to eat all the time. Very rich food. Just ok.
I went here the other night with a friend of mine and we both agreed it was okay. We both got the chicken and it was good but it was anything out of the ordinary and for 20 dollars for a piece of chicken I guess we were expecting more.The service was good but we just weren't really impressed as we thought we would be.
Made an 8:15 reservation on Yelp for a late Vday dinner with the Mrs. last Friday. Wanted to check out Cowboy Cio, but then saw the reviews about CPH and decided to give it a try. . . Got there at 8pm and was greeted with a smile. Our table was still at 8:15, but the hostess said we could hang at the bar or the stinky patio. Had quick service for a glass of Pinot and Tanqueray and tonic ($20 without tip). OK pour. . . Short wait and we were whisked away to a table for 2. Was greeted by Clark who quickly got us more drinks and asked if we had any questions. Good guy, very helpful and honest about his choices. We switched gears to a Lagunitas IPA ($5) and sangria ($8), which was served nicely. . . Read about the Pork bellly Pastrami app and the Citizen Chop Salad, so we ordered both. Clark hooked it up so we could have each in courses per say. Pork belly was awesome! C'mon - rye spaetzle, Brussels sprout sauerkraut = goodness. Citizen Chopped - chayote, snow pea greens, grape tomato, heirloom popcorn, grilled halloumi cheese, cucumber-onion salad & parsley-garlic dressing! Very unique tastes and refreshing. Would like to have that salad in the summer for sure!. . Main courses - The Mrs. had the Short Ribs ($28) and I ordered the Meatloaf... yeah, I know... I was hoping for something epic in meatloaf, but it was good. Nuthin special. The Short ribs on the other hand were EPIC! It is served with this dried cherry bbq sauce that you would not hesitate to lick the small bowl dry! The short rib had a dark right out the BBQ pit look. It was AWESOME! Comes with roasted parsnip puree & seasonal veg. . . Dessert - "DONUTS & COFFEE" ($10) - Bourbon glazed donut bread pudding, vanilla sauce, cafe au lait ice cream, brown sugar streusel... + More AWESOME! If you go, get it! . . Overall, A good experience. I want to give it 3.5 stars. Service was prompt, Food was good, but it was the surprises in the ingredients that made it fun. Good mix of people too. The price is a little high by a few bucks for items in my opinion. I mean a $20 meatloaf should have been effin epic - Right?!
It was my first time here, i had a good experience but i thought the food i had was ok.  Maybe i dont have a very sophisticated palette, but i thought the fondue was ok.  The cheese didn't have a very appetizing taste to it.  I ordered the short ribs which were awesome!! They fell right off the bone and had great taste.  they pair it with a mashed potato that had a weird spearmint taste that overwhelmed the dish.  I had a drink called the moscow mule, very refreshing and it doesn't feel like you are having alcohol.  My fiance ordered the chopped salad, supposedly one of the best salads she has had. I had a bite and agreed it was very good.  The ambiance it nice, a little dark, but was cool how it felt like you were in a house.  I will go back, but hopefully have a good all around meal.
Our service was excellent! Very attentive!. . The food was also pretty good for what it was, and the prices were decent.. . We would however not return because the food is just not our style. While looking at the menu, nothing stood out to us. We literally didn't like the sound of anything on the menu. We did order two dishes, and they were good, but I guess it's just nothing we would ever crave.. . We were here for a friend's birthday, and we did look at the menu online a few days earlier. Even then, nothing jumped out at us.. . Our friends did seem to enjoy their meals though!. . I would recommend looking at the menu first. If the dishes sound good to you, then I'm sure you will enjoy your meal!
I had very high expectations with all the great yelp reviews so I was a bit disappointed.  Similar to another yelper i just was not super excited about anything on the menu and typically I love to try new things.  We started with crab cakes and salads.  Crab cakes we excellent, salads were basic, no anchovies for the Caesar salad.  For dinner one of us had duck, one had steak,  two chicken dinners and one barramundi. Everyone thought their meal was good but nothing special at all, very basic.  Most of the entrees came with risotto that was fairly oily and salty.  Server was great.
I left a tip, but a further review is necessary. I have to start out by saying that I was skeptical about coming here. But my wife hyped it so much for the bacon-fat popcorn. I was excited that they had chicken and waffles(as being a huge fan, and eating at many chicken/waffle places, i.e. Roscos in LA, LoLo's, etc.) I must say, honestly... pathetic. the chicken was over fried, dry, burnt and thigh meat to top it off. The waffle was a tiny 3inch square, with not syrup, but honey. And rather bland as well. Upon stating my dis-satisfaction to my waitress, she offered me my choice of different food from the menu. I chose the AZ BLT, per her request. And, I was blown away. the bacon was orgasmic(for lack of better terms), it buckled my knees with its perfection of tenderness and semi salty flavor. As a man who loves crispy bacon(almost burnt), this was a dance of flavor that is matched by few. The combination of the fresh greens, campari tomato, carmelized french bread and aioli mayo made this "basic" classic dance on the tastebuds. Total redemption was achieved, and I would recomend this place to anyone. Also, having happy hour 7 days a week does'nt hurt either. good prices and drinks.
This place was just 'eh' to me!  I was just whelmed, not over or under!  The service at the bar leaves little to be desired!  I am not sure what it is about Scottsdale restaurants thinking they have to be snobby to people.  We ordered drinks from an un-friendly bartender and then waited another 20 minutes to even be acknowledged again!  . . The food was ok!  The bf had the berrimundi which he liked but wasn't wild about the side it came with.  I had the meatloaf, which was good.  The gravy and mashed potatoes had a great creamy flavor.  My sister had the lamb burger with fries that were cold and not very tasteful.  There is not much on the wine list either.. . I probably would not come back here because I dont think it was worth the hour wait for the crappy service at the bar.  I would rather venture down the road to Olive and Ivy.
The atmosphere is definitely on the loud side.  The food was unique and tasty but, there wasn't a lot of dishes on the menu that interested me.  I wouldn't seek this place out but wouldn't be opposed if someone suggested it.  The service was wonderful.
Abridged: Chopped Salad. Superb drinks. Sparse decor.. . Unabridged: I was excited for the chance to finally hit Citizen Public House. I know I know. But if you want to up my chances of going anywhere in Scottsdale, make them available during lunch hours. . . At first glance I was only somewhat impressed. The decor and feel was very empty and sparse. Almost as if it had no vibe, but I'd heard great things about the food and beverage selection, and the hostess gave me props on my Pliny the Elder shirt (hopefully she wasn't making fun of me), so I was anxious to see what else was in store.. . It was a Saturday night around 7, and apparently the place was booked until 9, though it looked really empty, and we were promised it would liven up soon as we sat at the bar.. . The bacon fat popcorn quickly started to make up for the concerns I had. The whiskey concoction I had started to as well, until I realized they did have 12 and 18 year Jameson reserve but told me they didn't when I asked if my drink could be made with that.. . The recommendation to have the Chopped Salad pretty much was the most amazing thing ever. It changed my life. It is my quest now to recreate this masterpiece in my home. I cried when I finished. I didn't want it to end, and I typically don't even like arugula!!. . So the day wasn't a bust and I definitely will head back again. The company I surround myself with makes up for sparse decor and now I know better than to believe they don't have Jameson reserve.  Maybe it was my fault for dressing in bright colors and my weird style. I was also the only redhead :)
Nothing better than a restaurant that opens up to Arizona's beautiful fall weather.  Wish I'd had time to hang out on the couch out front after dinner. The hummus platter appetizer was definitely better than any I've had.  The homemade pickles on the platter and on my lamb burger were delicious--remind me of my grandma's in Iowa!   I would have given them 4 stars, but after filling up on the flatbread and hummus, I ate less than half my dinner and had them box up the leftovers. Should have been a red flag when the gal took multiple plates back to the kitchen. What a bummer to open my box this morning hoping to see lamb burger and fries and see somebody else's leftovers. Not only am I mad, but whoever got mine will be disappointed too. One mistake--two unhappy customers! I suggest they bring the boxes to the table or have the staff label them.
the volume of noise was just too much. what I had was good but not that good that I would go again.
Oh I hate having to write a review like this, I want to rate it FIVE stars all the way, but I can't. The customer service is up there as the best I can imagine ever experiencing, honestly they set the example for treating their customer perfectly.  The reason why I wasn't happy was the food was not very impressive.  The chicken and waffle app was good, but not that great, also the chicken was raw in two of the chicken strips.  I have to mention our waitress did a great job making sure to apologize and take the charge off the bill because it wasn't edible.  I ordered the meatloaf, my older sis ordered the lamb burger and my younger sis ordered the truffle grilled cheese.  We are the kind that share tastes so we all get a chance to try a few things.  I ended up trading my meal with my older sis because she liked the meatloaf a lot. So she likes meatloaf different than I do I guess, but what I didn't like was the gravy, it wasn't that good.  I liked the lamb burger more, but the meat wasn't seasoned well, it couldn't get a salt hint from it at all, but the topping helped to add flavor, and it was good overall.  The fries were good, but I feel like if In-N-out or five guys makes better fries, they aren't impressing me much... The ketchup was soooo good though, I am not a ketchup eater much (I mix it with mayo for a Utah style fry sauce), but this spiced one was very yummy.  The truffle grilled cheese was again, good, but not great, it also lacked seasoning or any wow factor.  Last the dessert, the apple pie was very good, not the best I have had, but solid apple pie.  The dream pudding cup was not good, it was very griddy, like very very griddy.  I really didn't expect to feel this way, maybe the high expectations set me up for a let down, but really I was just let down...
Ok.  Not great for what is supposedly a good steak joint.  Not much ambiance and food was good not great.
I'm sorry but this place is just good for apps & drinks. Way overpriced. I had the scallop entree and it was 28.00 for 3 scallops. Their chef salad is a copycat from cowboy ciao. I enjoyed their citizen drink but I should for 12.00! The food is nothing special. Good ambiance to meet friends for a drink- relabel bar.
Pan seared scallops with corn grits and wilted snow pea greens and cola gastrique: humble-poser sounding dish, corn grits were fine but the scallops were too salty. . Lamb burger: lamb patty lacked flavor except for the bitter gamieness, loved the kennebec fries that came with though, very unique chunkier texture, homemade ketchup was also too bitter and I'd rather have heinz/sirracha/korean bbq sauce/mayo/anything else generic. . Could've just paid $10 tops at any southern restaurant for grits and fries instead.
GREAT chopped salad!  Glad to see the chef was so generous and shared the recipe with others around town! I had a great short rib entree and some yummy wine!
Rosemary roasted nuts - sweet and nice.. Fondue - a little floury, bread was toasted a little too much but the sausage was wonderful.. Burrata - if you only get one thing, this should be it.. Short Rib- presented on the bone with a new coffee rub and a cherry vinegar sauce on the side, a parsnip puree as the base - cloying without the vinegar.. Duck - thick sliced, I suggest ordering medium plus (the medium order was a little rare), excellent quality, nice flavor.. Flourless chocolate cake, very nice but I think I've seen them at AJ's.. . Nice selection of after dinner drinks.  Ok wines by the glass.  Great cocktails.. . Loud loud loud, mostly tables.  Really good service.  Reasonable prices.. . Ok but not awesome.. . I will return but only for happy hour fare.
Great service, reasonable prices and a lovely atmosphere. . I'm giving it three stars because the menu was a bit limited and I wasn't entirely happy with any of our food. We started with the pastrami appetizer. The flavor was great, but the meat was a straight up slab of fat. I mean, it was the type of fat that you cut off your meat and push to the side of your plate. I would never knowingly purchase a slab of fat, so it was pretty disgusting. When I asked what was in the chopped salad, they explained to me that it had salmon. Since I like Salmon, I ordered it for my entree. The problem was that the salmon was not the grilled kind, like I had figured it would be, but the smoked slimy lox and bagel type of salmon that I hate. It was all mixed in my salad, so I just did my best to eat around it, but it was pretty hard to do that and it ruined what seemed to be an otherwise great salad. I think they should tell diners what type of salmon is in the salad. My husband ordered the lamb burger and his response was "Meh." When I asked him what was wrong with it, he just said "It tasted kind of bland, like something was missing. That said, the prices were good and I really wanted to love this place. I just don't think I'd go back, unless they changed their menu since everything we ordered left us a little disapointed.
Great place to hangout. Food is not bad. I had the Kale Caesar which was not as flavorful as I expected. The starters are very delicious. The atmosphere is a 4 star if you are looking for a casual dining experience with a flair.  Does have a bat and outside patio that's fun.
..
Cobb Salad was pretty good and unique. Worth it for sure. . The filet and the scallops was also very good and recommended. . Unfortunately, the service had a lot to be desired. . We ordered drinks that never came, waters weren't refilled and although the staff was pleasant, they were not dialed in. . It was Saturday, I would return, but on a slower night.
I would give 3 1/2 stars if I could, husband agreed.  The service was phenomenal and the atmosphere was great.  Their chopped salad really is something special.  But, I was quite disappointed in receiving 3 medium size scallops for dinner. And I didn't find the other dishes I tasted great.  For the money, I just can't rate the food any better than this.
I thought this place was good! Great atmosphere, but not sure what the hype is about. Maybe I ordered the wrong plate (roasted chicken for restaurant week). The famous chopped salad was really good. I will give them that. . . I would come back to CPH, but I won't race back.
Great COBB salad, lamb burger was alright but nothing great.
I couldn't wait to try this place. All the reviews and word of mouth were so positive that I felt that I was going in for an awesome experience. Well, I was somewhat let down. Despite the restaurant's success and  I am happy for them,  I found it impossible to carry a conversation with my friend without constantly having the repeat myself....and that just got old real quick.. . As we sat down, I already knew I wanted out. The food was okay...definitely not blown away. I had the lamb sandwich as I wanted something that hopefully would not take long to make and minimize my time...so bottomline, what could have been a great experience simply wasn't...and the noise was just unbearable and exhausting. Gastropub maybe, just not the place for me....definitely not a romantic joint..... . My friend had the steak salad, and all there was were greens and meat...no other veggies ...just thought t looked kinda bland and boring.
The restaurant has a really nice ambiance, especially for a gastropub. The service was fine, nothing poor or exceptional about it. They have a great drink menu, with good inexpensive drinks (local beers for $5-10) as well as fine wines for the special occasion. The food was good quality and very fresh, but the taste of my entree, the lamb burger, was average. All in all I will go again and try some of the other food.
Had the popcorn with bacon for an appetizer - it was ok, but nothing great. We split the chicken and waffles - not bad, but not maybe I'm just not a fan of chicken & waffles in general (don't hate me). But - we also ordered the short rib, which was quite delicious! It came with some greens that were quite un-delicious and we didn't take more than 1 bite of them. . . If you try it, get there early otherwise it gets VERY loud inside and you'll be yelling across the table to have a conversation.
I had been wanting to try CPH for awhile, so when a friend suggested we go for a joint birthday celebration I jumped at the chance!  The interior and vibe is cool, although I did find it to be a tad on the noisy side, but that is not the reason for the three stars.  I only gave three stars because I was really disappointed in the food, maybe my expectations were too high, but I felt let down.. . We started with the Pork Belly Pastrami, and while it tasted good, we weren't blown away.  I love spaetzle, but I found this version to be dry.  We did enjoy the chopped salad, I wasn't sure that I would because I am not a fan of salmon, but it was by far the best dish we had, but I didn't love it enough to warrant a return visit.. . I had heard such great things about the seared scallop dish, and it was served with things that I love...bacon...spinach...grits...it should have been a winner, but it was not!  The scallops were really mushy, and the cola gastrique was overwhelmingly sweet and overpowered everything else on the plate.  I didn't even bother eating the third scallop....it was sad :(  By friend ordered the Pacific Rockfish, it was cooked fine, but it was bland and the other stuff on the plate really didn't add anything or make it taste any better.. . Since we were celebrating, and still hungry because we didn't eat all of our sub-par entrees, we ordered dessert.  We got the PB&B Bread Pudding, it was rich and delicious, with banana ice cream, peanut butter and chocolate all swirled together.  We enjoyed the dessert a lot, so it made up for our lackluster dinners.. . Maybe since it was a Wednesday it was an off night, but I would be hesitant to try it again anytime soon.
Went for dinner as a party of three.  I absolutely LoVeD the Original Chopped Salad!  Enough to check out and "like" its very own Facebook page.  I ordered right.  Five stars for my choice.  . . We weren't terribly famished so we ordered a couple of sandwiches and the appetizer crab cake and decided to share.   The gourmet grilled cheese sounded wonderful. . Meh.  None of us were impressed  or even satisfied.  The mashed potatoes really don't belong there, and their choice of cheeses was way to strong for us.  Presentation however was five star all around.. The fried bologna was a yum for two of the three of us and the crab cake was good.. Service was good.  . . Maybe we need to come back and order something off the dinner entree menu.. . That bring said, definitely order The Original Chopped Salad and try an entree!
This place was a bit of a dissapointment with all the raving reviews on Yelp. . My first reflection is that the place looks much more cosy on the pictures and that the sound level is very high. Feels more like a bar with food then a restaurant.  . . The food then....... . I had the fair trade short ribs with coffee rub , dried cherry bbq sauce, roasted . parsnip puree and seasonal veggies for 28 $. I love shortribs if they are made right and the coffee rub made me think of the calfs liver in coffee/veal reduction i loved at Ralp Lauren's Bistro in Chicago so i had high hopes for this dish.  . . Im sad to say that i didnt feel that Citizen Public House delivered. . The short ribs (on the bone) was tender and not bad put i could taste any of the coffee rub. The cherry bbq sauce was so so and the parsnip puree that might have been the best thing on the plate was not veru much of. It was a smaller "pile" hidden under the veggies that also was ok. . . My companys file of beef was better in my opinion but at 120 $ for two mains and 2 glasses of red i think this place was a little to expensive for the food and the experience. With so much great food in Scottsdale i just dont think this place is worth the hype. . . Service was ok but nothing special. Location in old town is great though!
Great food, good selection of wine, and killer drinks.  It was unfortunate that the only way to carry on a conversation was to shout.  Even the music seemed to be piped up louder due to the noise generated by everyone talking.  It's a shame that the ambiance of the restaurant was spoiled by so much volume.  You can even here it overcome you when to walk past the front door.
This place reminds me of one of those hip/cosmopolitan restaurants in Manhattan I used to walk by when I was a student at NYU that I couldn't afford. I like that look and, after feeling good about the reviews, decided to join three old friends for dinner.. . Everyone is dead right about the chopped salad. Damn! I'm not a huge salad eater but I could have this one every day.  The perfect starter dish.. . On to the main courses.  I had the Truffle Grilled Cheese sandwich. Meh. It was OK, not great.  Two of my friends ordered the filet mignon. One loved it, the other - not so much. She said it was OK but they smothered it with sauce. At $32 I'm not sure why you'd do that to a perfectly good piece of meat.  Another friend had the lamb burger. She said it was fine but probably would order something else the next time.. . Bottom line - mixed reviews on the main courses - go for the salad!
We were Restaurant Hopping and this was last on our list.. . I loved the outdoor/indoor seating and location of this hot new dining spot!. . But as for the items we had....the only thing good was the chopped salad and service. We tried the Crab Cakes (too much red peeper not enough crab)  &  Bread Pudding (which was too hard to cut through). . Now after saying that I would definitely go back for the atmosphere and chopped salad because the chopped kale with the pesto ranch salad dressing was absolutely delicious and I would like to try some of the other menu items.
Mixed review-  Wine was very good. Service was okay. Nice atmosphere... a little bit on the dark side though... we sat at a high top near the bar and my friend had to use her phone to read the menu.... so I'd consider that slightly too dark to be comfortable.  . On to the food- Bacon Popcorn, yes, absolutely, yes.  If I do return it will be solely for the bacon popcorn and drinks.  . Short rib- don't do it. Whenever I see short ribs, I have to get them. This just did not meet expectations. The greens were gritty and the parsnips were much too sweet. All I ate on the plate was the meat, and for 25 (or 28?) dollars, I think the accompaniments should be good also.. Meatloaf (friend had it)- excellent! Great meatloaf, mashed potatoes were yummy, and roasted zucchini was very good.   . The dessert was not memorable- I remember we didn't finish it, but thats all I can remember (and it's only been 5 days!) . . At the end of the day, there are better places in Scottsdale.
I have Mixed feelings on Citizen Public House. I truly want to love it more than I do and because if that I've been here about 3 different times. I almost wish I could write two seperate reviews. If I were writing this simply on the drinks the service and the atmosphere I would give them a solid 5 stars. I just feel like for me, the food is a hit or miss. . . The first time I came in was for my boyfriends birthday. We eat out almost every meal and were so excited to try Citizens public house. I had called before hand to make the reservation and they seated us in a great location.  The service was top notch. I dont remember our servers name but he was fantastic. We ordered three smaller plates to share and every thing was just ok. . . The Chop Salad: Our server told us we had to try it. This is something that they are known for. We both thought it was good but not overly fantastic. I honestly expected more. Presentation wise it was really pretty. . The Kilt Lifter Fondue: So-So once again not overly impressed. The idea of fondue is fun but i wanted just a little more. . . The Truffle Grilled Cheese: They honestly need to take this off the menu. It is aweful. It tasted like someone just put a huge mass of potatos on bread and called it a day. DO NOT ORDER THIS. . .  PB&B Pudding jar: Yum im a fan. Im a sucker for anything with caramel and bannana and this hit the spot. . . I dont remember the drinks we ordered but they were all great. They know what there doing behind the bar. . . We left that night a little dissapointed. I still left the server a great tip because he was awesome and deserved it but I wish the food had reflected the service. . . Ok So now for EXPERIENCE #2:. . I came in with a girlfriend for restraunt week and had a Fantastic time. We were seated in the same great place as before. Our server this time wasnt as great as the guy Id had before but he was a gem. They have somewhat of a pr-eset menu for restraunt week so heres what we ordered: . . Squash soup: Not always on the menu. It was a little bland but over all good. Its hard to make butternut squash soup pop. I was happy. . . The Pan Seared Scallops: OH MY GOSH YUM. These scallops are fantastic!!! The corn grits they are served on are to die for and the cola gastrique is Awesome. This dish is killer and I would come back for them. I even ordered them at thei sister restaurant the gladly. . . Amaro Meatloaf: The meatloaf was huge!! I only tasted one bite because it was my friends but she loved it and the bite I took was great as well. Tasted as good as moms meatloaf!! The only quam we had with this was My friend had asked to switch the veggies it was served with and our waiter just  flat out said no. She could have at least asked the kitchen for us.. . PB&B Bread Pudding: I feel like it was different than the first time id had it. Maybe not in a jar? Still good though!!. . Now for the drinks: The Sangria here is the Bomb. I dont know what they put in it but man is it good. I also love the Citi-zen cocktail. So Yummy! and they put a rock candy stir stick on top which is so cute!!!. . Iv'e also been in before just to sit at the bar for drinks no food and the experiances are always good. Like I said before the guys behind the bar know their stuff.. . Alright so I have mixed feelings, One Blah experience and one great experience. Im conviced that the main courses here are all awesome and we just oredered the wrong items the first time so I still reccomend this place to people. I really Want To love Citizen Public and there are parts of it that I do.
Meh, it's OK. The world famous salad is just OK. Service is good though.
I really wanted to like Citizen Public House because the reviews are so amazing, I thought it was ok.  It always bothers me when I sit down at a table in a nice restaurant and the table cloth is dirty and my plate was not clean...  On the plus side, the service was good.  It was a nice surprise to have the chopped salad, that's a favorite.  I had duck and it was good - it came with sweet potato hash and greens - both good also, could use a little kick - but I like really spicy food!
My wife's company rented out the "upper room" area. We got to try multiple dishes. . . The mac and cheese was bomb. . . The chopped salad was amazing. . . The chicken was flavorful, but nothing amazing. . . The steak was ok, but had this disgusting mustard on it. . . Our bartender was very nice and showed us a lot of cool tricks, and some secrets about this place ;)
