Honestly?  I thought it was only OK.  Maybe I was let down by all the hype...  Maybe I was expecting too much?. . Anyways, stopped by here during our Vegas vacation, expecting to "treat" ourselves.  We asked the waiter for suggestions, and he recommended the bone marrow flan and kobe sashimi to start.  I personally thought the bone marrow was TO DIE FOR.  On top of the toasted brioche = YUUUUUMMMM!!!  I would get this again.  The kobe sashimi was my husband's favorite, but for some reason, I didn't really find it appetizing.  Don't get me wrong, I am full out Chinese and can stomach lots of stuff (tripe, pork blood, etc), but the raw meat plate made me a little queasy.  Anyways.... . For our entree, the waiter raved up and down about their waygu.  When in Vegas, right?  So we shelled out $80 for the rib eye.  Totally not worth it, in my opinion.  I've had better steak for half that price.  The sides were OK - creamed spinach and mac and cheese.  Very rich, didn't even come close to finishing.. . All in all, don't think I'll be visiting the LA branch anytime soon.  Maaaybe would go back and try the regular steaks, cuz their waygu really wasn't worth it in my book.. . Service was great though.  Have to give them credit.  I did like the ambiance - cool lighting, very modern.  Lots of large tables for groups.
Went here for my BFF's birthday and was so excited, we both printed out menu copies and highlighted what we wanted to order. Yeah, we're like that. LOL. . Complimentary bread was delicious. They had focaccia, pretzel, pumpernickel, and sourdough. The pretzel was my favorite.. . Bone marrow flan - So decadent, yet light at the same time. Wish we got more toasted brioche for it, though. (It's OK because the waiter came back and gave more bread and it worked just fine.). Asparagus, poached egg, and bacon vinaigrette - Simple and yummy. I would get it again.. . BFF and I split a bone-in ribeye. It was OK. We've had better.. Friend had the petite filet mignon. She finished it, so I'm assuming it was good?. . For sides, we got:. Wild mushrooms with shishito peppers - Too sweet and not enough savory.. Creamed spinach - It was OK. I've had better.. Fingerling potatoes - This was really yummy! My favorite of the sides.. . The food was good overall, but we ordered too much/got full off the bread and apps, so we only had a few bites of the steak and sides. We asked to pack up the leftovers but they only came back with the steak. When we asked where our sides were, they said they threw them out. WTH? Why? We honestly had like a few bites of each. They threw away like $50 worth of food. :( The waiter offered us coffee after and we thought it was his way of apologizing for throwing away our food... until we saw the bill. He charged us for that, too.. . The food was good. But I think I'll get my steak somewhere else.
It was good. Not great.  The cooking technqiue almost overcooks your steak to the next level.  And they do warn you.  But a Medium Rare can look like a medium very quickly with the heat of his oven.. . Price is standard for a vegas steak place.  bread food sides, they were all good, drinks were good, but the steak itself did not blow me away the way i expected it to for the price.. . So many options in this town, time to move on
I always believe that a good restaurant is where looks and tastes have to be equally good. I've been to hole-in-the-walls where the decor & presentation of the food don't do the taste justice. Unfortunately, CUT is quite anti-climatic as the taste doesn't measure up to its fancy decors and delicate presentations. . . When I walked into the restaurant I was immediately impressed by its edgy and modern atmosphere, and was prepared for a 5-star dining experience. The food was expensive and I felt like I was paying more for the "looks" than the food itself. I ordered a medium-well petite filet mignon but turned out to be well-overcooked. My friend ordered a medium filet but it was more cooked than her liking so she sent it back. But when her second steak came, it was medium, closer to medium-rare, and the middle part was cold. She didn't finish her steak. . . Positives - I have to say service was great. When my friend sent back her steak they didn't try to push back and didn't charge us for the new steak. Also, the bread here is amazing.. . Overall, I don't think CUT is as good as some of the other steakhouses for the price, bu it definitely looks nicer.
Bad experience I believe when we were there.. Steaks Over charred. Pretty much ate burnt crispy Steak outside.. Fancy kind of. Not really Fine and Dining but the dim lights made it ok.. Good Service or so it seems.. Our food didn't come out in a timely manner cause we were waiting a while for everything. By the time the steak came out or our appetizers we were already starving and wanting to leave.. Paying this much money should have more attention to these kinds of things.. The side dishes like macaroni and Mash potatoes or Bone Marrow were delicious a+++.. Out of 6 of us 2 steaks were Over Cooked at least the waiter took those 2 steaks the cost of $55 bucks on average per steak off check. I guess that was the best part yet. We ate our food even if it wasn't cooked to our request. We were starving.. . I wouldn't come here again if i stayed at  palazzo again.
The snake river farms "kobe style" ribeye $85 was good! But the apps were mediocre (asparagus w/ poached egg and beef sashimi).  Sides were good but small (mushrooms n shiseido peppers, mac n cheese, pot puree). . All in all, I think it's a little pricey for what you get... With so many other steakhouses in town, I doubt I'll come back to this one.
CUT is a top notch steak house, with a nice variety on the menu.  Compared to many other high-end Steak spots in town, it's good, but not the best.  While my group really enjoyed the meal, there were many misses on service and execution.  . . First the Bad:. . While we were there with a large group on a Friday night, drinks took 15-20 minutes to come out each time.   This was discouraging, since most of the time one likes to enjoy the symphony of flavors found in pairing food w/ wine rather than sipping after the meal.  The side dishes are tiny and expensive ($12) even by upscale steakhouse standards.  We ordered as the waitress suggested, and found that we ordered too little.  Many of our steaks were not cooked to our requests.  I had the 9 Oz. American Wagyu Ribeye ($88), and ordered it medium-rare.  It came out Medium.  When I brought it to the server's attention, she paid it no mind.  "It's still quite good medium," she responded.  For a place that specializes in steak, any imperfection in it's preparation is a huge concern.. . Now the Good:. The Bone Marrow Flan appetizer was magnificent.  Unctuous, rich, beefy, orgasm of flavor.  I've never had bone marrow executed so well; it was the most loved item of the night, judging from our table's "Mmm's" and "Damn that's goods."  . . The Maple Pork Belly was also incredible.  Rich, smokey, bacony goodness; I could have eaten another order, but didn't want to spoil dinner.. . The Manhattan (while it takes a while) was perfect.  The Whiskey-cured Cherry at the bottom of the glass just teases you with flavor, it is the best Manhattan I've ever had.  . . Decor:  Lot's of textures, generally straight lines fused together to create a stylish yet welcoming setting.  It is well-lit, and bright, which isn't something many steakhouses can say.  I like to see my food in all it's vibrant color, and the ambience at CUT allows for that special situation.. . CUT is a special place, but when compared to similar estabilshments, it doesn't shine as bright as one would hope.
Service was superb, the cut of steak was great, and there was quite a large wine selection...BUT the presentation (for the main dish) left something to be desired, not to mention the lukewarm state of the steaks.  Thus, for the price, I would rather go to Mastro's (at the same time, I am not going to turn down a comped steakhouse run though haha).. . So why would I choose Mastro's over this place? . . Well first, don't get me wrong but the service here was very good, better then most places, but it wasn't nearly at the personal level that Mastro's is at.  Our server explained the menu, brought out a sample plate of the rare cuts of meat (have to say I kind of wish other steakhouses had this), and explained each cut.  Moreover, the service overall, was very attentive....however I still was not "feeling" the place.  Maybe it was the decor or maybe the presentation, but I have to say there are definitely better places to choose from in Vegas for a fine dining experience.    . . As for the steak, I got the New Zealand Wagyu Beef From Kato Farms, Hastings, Hawkes Bay, New Zealand 8 oz steak for $140 with an additional 2 oz for an extra $40.  It was 10 oz of pure bliss...with a few gripes.  First, the steak come out lukewarm. Personally, I find this to be kind of disappointing as I like my steaks to come out piping hot.  Luckily, the steak had the nice charred outside with a juicy pinkish/red inside, medium-rare just the way I like it.  Second, and probably the most taboo thing, the plate was cold, warm at best.  Which top-notch steakhouse serves their plates like this?  I mean I can let by the fact that the steak was warm, but a cold plate is just unacceptable as now you are forced to eat your steak and sides quickly lest it cool down.  Thirdly, the presentation of the sides was simply awful.  I could present my own buffet plate nicer then they do here.  And when the servers scooped the sides onto my steak plate I felt as if I really was walking through a buffet line...  You would think for a couple hundred a plate that this place could present their food better.    . . Decent place to grab a bite or bring a date if you are staying at the Palazzo, but not someplace I would specifically come to on a whim as there are lots of better steakhouses on The Strip (for example Strip Steak at the Mandalay Bay).
Our meal at Cut in The Palazzo was very good, but a little disappointing on minor points.  The service was impeccable.  The cocktails, steaks and sauces were superb, and the modern space - think West Elm modernist - was a sophisticated variation on the usual steakhouse decor.  Our appetizers were good, but not as impressive as we would have hoped for a dinner with a $300 price tag.  My shaved hearts-of-palm watercress salad had a nice blend of flavors but the way the ingredients were cut gave it a clumsy mouthfeel.  My fiancee's tuna tartar was much better - but not exactly original.  Overall, it's a good steakhouse, but they ought to make an even greater effort to distinguish themselves as a modern steakhouse alternative, such as greater attention to the subtle elegance achieved in both rare ingredients, atypical blends of flavor, and tactile qualities in their starters.  We did not get dessert but hear they are really good.  Wine list good also.
Most. Expensive. Steak. Ever. . . For that price, I wish I could have seen them kill the cow or something? I mean it was good.. but was it THAT good? Hmm.. nope.  Have I had better for less?? Hmm.. Yep.
i could go on and on about the food and the service here - which were excellent by far - but the two things that stand out in my memory of this place was that they made me pay for ketchup (yes, i know sinful in a steakhouse!  but hey, i like to red juice my meat!) and bottled water when in other places this would've been complimentary (i mean jesus, it's not like their steak is so cheap!).  it made me feel like they wanted to squeeze every last nickel and dime out of you.  plus even though we had a reservation and the place was empty they first sat us at the bar so we could order some drinks first.  i noticed the people before us and after us had the same thing happen.  i didn't want to drink any alcohol so i just waited until we were seated which was like 20-25 minutes after our reservation.  to say i was perturbed would be a nice way of putting it!  i told my friends it was like they wanted to make more money off of us by trying to get us to buy alcoholic beverages while we waited.  i am by no means a cheapskate but this was the first time where i went to a "classy" restaurant and felt this way.  it made me disgruntled about the experience.
Service was good, food was mediocre.  I have pretty high standards when it comes to steaks and when I'm going to a "good steakhouse" and paying 50+ dollars a la carte Iexpect a certain level of deliciousness!. . A lot of people rave about this place which was why my expectations were so high.  The steak was good but not amazing.  It was probably a little better then the kind of steak you would expect to get at a place like this.
I was expecting an incredible dinner and an equally fun ambience. What I came away with is 100 percent of the ambience and over priced, decent food, but not Morton's for sure if you judge the steak.. . The atmosphere is a riot. We started in the bar as we waited for our seating. The place was very cool and happening. We saw men and women dancing on tables. The drinks were really expensive. I can't remember what I paid, but cocktails as I remember it were around$ 20. Heck It's Vegas.
We went to CUT to celebrate two birthdays on August 31, 2011 and we had a rather large party of 15.  Our table was ready and set up beautifully for our large group, and the staff was extremely friendly.  My date and I ordered a salad for an appetizer, two filets, and mashed potatoes for a side.  The salad was ok, the steaks were over cooked and we had ordered them medium and they were well done and the potatoes were also ok.  All of the people in our party that ordered steak agreed that it was all overcooked.  Our uncle ordered the bone in ribeye medium rare and actually sent his back.  He told them to simply sear it on both sides and it still took about 10-15 minutes, in which the rest of the table was getting close to being finished with their meal.  When I made the reservations, I notified the staff that we would have two birthdays and they made a special complimentary dessert with their name on the plate, which was a nice touch.  In addition, when I also told the staff that we would have separate tickets and they informed me that it would take an additional 30 minutes, once the tabs were handed out.  That was definitely a true statement.  I feel like the meal/restaurantis overpriced for the quality; however, I gave CUT a 3-star for the staff.
Came here for a birthday dinner celebration.  No doubt the steaks are prime quality.  Could have been seasoned a little bit better for my taste.  The extra $2 for sauces is a little tacky for a high end restaurant.  Honestly, the sides are mediocre except for the onion rings. Best I ever had!  I believe the side dishes at Maestro's are tops.  Desserts were average; had the chocolate souffle and banana cream pie.  Service very snooty; you pay $1450 for dinner, I expect some rapport with the customer.  For the money, I think you can do better at other steakhouses eg Maestros.
I used to frequent Cut a lot, but for some reason, I feel that the quality of steaks has decreased over the years. I think a lot has to do with the amount of seasoning that Cut puts on the steaks, a little too much for my preference. I've had good and bad meals at Cut and I think it really has to do with the amount of seasoning that I get (even when I ask for less seasoning). The rib eye is really good and so are many of the other steaks that I have had here. I've been to Cut for birthday parties (large groups which they can handle) and with small groups. Cut is definitely on the higher end of the steakhouses in Las Vegas as it is in the Palazzo Hotel and so the cost per person is higher than some of the other steakhouses that I have been to. Service is great and very attentive, although the one time we tried to bring a bottle that we wanted to open (for a birthday, it was a bottle of Johnny Blue Label), they wouldnt let us open it. Overall,  a good steakhouse, but there are better places to go in Las Vegas.
Whenever I'm in Vegas, I always like to eat at a nice restaurant. This was my choice one year. . We had ordered for appetizers was the bone marrow and maple glazed pork belly. These were amazing. Melt-in-your-mouth goodness!!!! . And for our entrees, I had ordered the 8 oz. filet mignon/American Wagyu while my bf ordered the "A tasting of New York sirloin". We both requested med-rare as how our steak should be cooked. As for the sides, we had the wild field mushrooms, creamed spinach and broccoli-rapini. And of course, a bottle of red wine(I don't remember what it was). When our steaks and sides arrived, I was excited to cut into the steak and taste the wonderfully crusted meat but to my surprise, I was disappointed and didn't like my steak at all. I like my steak crusted but not burnt!!! I didn't touch my steak for the rest of my meal but I did enjoy the wine and the sides we had ordered. I can honestly say that I will not be returning. That's only based on my steak alone bc the service was impeccable.
Maybe I was overly excited. Then I was overwhelmed. Then I wasn't too impressed. The steak was good, but I've had better at Ruth's Chris. We also ordered the lobster which was a good size. But to have to order lobster at a steak house? Is that even ok? I would order the mac and cheese and french fries.  Tuna appetizer was ok, but the Kobe Steak app was better. . . I will only come back if I get a gift card.
The atmosphere and service were top notch but maybe it is because I'm from Texas but this steak was just steak.  I got a Nebraska raised ribeye and it was nothing more than a ribeye I can get here in Houston at a reputable steak house.  It wasn't a terrible experience but it sure wasn't top notch like the prices are.
Restaurant was beautiful and staff was nice. Service was good too they were very attentive. The food I thought was ok. If I could i'd  give them 3.5 stars. I had the wagyu center ribeye med-rare and it was presented Rare. I asked it to be refired and it came back better but rare.  Granted was a thick cut but it's a expensive steak joint so it should be perfect. Also the use a 5 spice rub on their steaks that i did not like at all. The waiter did mention this upon ordering, so I thought try it. I am picky when it comes to steak and am weary of steak rubs on prime/ wagyu steaks. Sides were pretty good we had the onion rings and mac n cheese. Sides were plenty for 2-3 people. They get the extra half star for the dessert. I had the berry cobbler...delish! Overall it was good but prob would not go back.
Environment  was sleek and appealing. I would like to give them 3.5 stars but i can't on here.. . SERVICE...You want for nothng you think it and they read your mind. We are accustomed to high end restaurants and the service here was PERFECT plus !!!  Benito our server was on the mark 100% of the time.. . Appetizer. Lobster and Shrimp Louis. As good as it gets. Could not have been fresher or tastier in any way. Perfection on a plate.. . Sides. Mac & Cheese Gratinee...Again as good as it gets. Perfect blend and taste throughout.. . Peas with ramps and sunchokes....again perfect in every way. A unique side dish full of flavor and texture.. . Desert. Banana cream pie...there is none better ANYWHERE. this is a must.. . Steaks: NY Strip and Kobe Filet....Well to be honest they were good not great. They were nice size steaks with decent to good flavor and tenderness. BUT CUT THE SALT BY 99% and it would have been much much better. It was inundated with salt. So everything else was very very good. The steaks drpped the experience for us.
My hubby and I was very excited to the Cut since we are steak lovers, but we werent disappointed or happy with the food. The steaks were a 6 on the scale of 1/10. This is 10 being the best, now I had better Rib eyes and New york strip at a regular 2 star restaurant. I would go back for the ambiebce, and give them a second chance with the steaks. Far as the service is was wonderful Pasquale was our waiter and I appreciated all his information about the steaks.
I would give it 3 1/2 stars but you cant here.  Came here with great expectations, and the food was decent but not a WOW.  I would expect for 150 a person to have a steak that is very tender, tastefull, and simply above average.  My steak didnt deliver, the wine was excellent, the ambience was very nice also but I didnt come here for that, a good steak is why I came here,  . I may or may not return, Vegas has many excellent options for steak.  . I ate the Nebraska  Prime Ribeye, dry aged 35 days.
Mastro's in Beverly Hills - still the best bone-in rib eye!  CUT was OK.  The bone-in rib eye was a B. It was a good steak -  with good flavor and cooked perfectly.  Just not perfectly enough.  I had high expectations for a Friday night.  But nothing really stood out.  I expected more from the decor - it's really a nicely designed cafeteria hall.  The place was full but lifeless.  The service was good - not outstanding and not really personable - just attentive (Special note on service: Don't sell me or try to educate me on steak.  I'm there because I know what I want.)  We had a nice bottle of cabernet - but it didn't really live up to the servers description.  My wife had the New York - which again was very good - just not great.  Is the Beverly Hills CUT better?
We came here in a group of 5 for my boyfriend's birthday dinner.  The cocktail menu was featured on an iPad, which was a very cool concept.  I ordered the "Lots of Love" cocktail, which was a good mix of sweet and sour.  We ordered the American Wagyu porterhouse for two ($190) with wild field mushrooms and bone marrow.  As for sides, we ordered the french fries with herbs, creamed spinach, and the mac and cheese.  The house bread served at the beginning is delicious, especially the pretzel bread with the butter.. . We were told it would be 15-20 minutes for our steaks to arrive, but it took about 45+ minutes.  The servers cut the steaks for us, and even served our sides to us.  I must have had really high expectations because I thought the steak was only mediocre.  The sides, especially the mac and cheese and wild field mushrooms, were excellent though.. . Overall, I thought Cut was just another average steakhouse.  There was nothing really "special" that stood out from it.  I've experienced better at STK and SW in Vegas.  Although the service was consistent, (they constantly picked up our plates and refilled our waters) minus waiting longer than told for our food, I'd definitely look into other options next time I'm in Vegas.
I'll keep it short & sweet: nice atmosphere. They play classic rock & 80s music, which is a bit odd for an upscale restaurant, but I liked it. Service was very attentive and friendly, but a bit slow. I had the 8oz filet, which was decent, but nothing special. I've had better at outback, for half the price. My wife had the 14oz sirloin. She likes it well done, and whatever you may think about that, they should still give her just as good a cut of meat and cook it with the same care and attention as any other. That did not happen. The cut they served her was charred to the point of being almost inedible. We sent it back, and about 20 minutes later they served her a better one. But the cut of meat was still full of fat and gristle. . . Bottom line: for the money we paid here, we did NOT get our money's worth. We won't be back.
chic  ultra minimalist  modern interior. . Food was alright, a bit overpriced for the quantity.    John and I had Wagyu tasting, each costing $130.   They were good,   but on the small side.    Side dish and appetizers were also small....minimalist, just like the interior.  . . I'd rather go to Mastro....more bang for your bucks.
What we ordered: . 1. Kobe Steak Sashimi, Spicy Radishes - Amazing dish, the highlight of the dinner! The meat was so buttery and the delicate asian flavors of the sauce was a perfect pairing..  . 2. Bone Marrow Flan, Mushroom Marmalade, Parsley Salad - Very good but did not have that intense marrow flavor that I like. I also did not like the accompanying parsley salad as it overpowered the flan. However when eaten by itself the parsley was a good palate cleanser. . . 3. Warm Asparagus, Poached Organic Egg, Warm Bacon Vinaigrette - Nice Salad very good flavor. Hard to mess up a dish with those ingredients.. . 4. Nebraska Corn Fed Ribeye - Not a very thick steak, which I always prefer. The crust was overpowering due to the amount of char. Way too much char in my opinion.. . 5. True Japanese 100% Wagyu Ribeye - Thicker than the Nebraska Ribeye but served in two pieces which I thought was odd. The meat was heavily marbled and very tender. The Wagyu steak did not have a very meaty flavor, more relaxed and clean. Again though, the charing on the crust proved too much. . . 6. Yukon Gold Potato Puree - Very good, recommended. Creamy and buttery. . . The service was excellent and the ambiance is very nice. We had a very large and comfortable booth. Our sever was very professional and his support staff was very attentive. Overall, a good experience but the prices are very high, be prepared to spend. The steaks were too heavily charred for me. Almost ruined the high quality meat IMHO.
best steak we've had in US but still not as good as bistecca fiorentina in tuscany. we shared a porterhouse for 2, medium rare (warm red center, as per our server). it came on a sizzling hot plate and was carved table side. the fillet mignon side was a little dry imo while the ny strip side was much better (warm red as promised). i should have skipped the fillet and just eaten the strip side :-p the only thing i didn't like was some unchewable tendons in the ny strip (which you don't find in the amazing italian cow).... . complimentary breads were amazing. some great bakers they've got. their complimentary gougere was better than tartine sf's, even is that's not really my thing. the cheese sticks were even better. and the pretzel bread (husband's fav), pumpernickel (yum) and onion foccacia were good enough for a bakery.. . we shared a bone marrow flan for starters. very good. i find plain bone marrow a little scary but this was so good. went well with the toasted brioche, mushroom marmalade, sauce, parsley and onion. we ate it all up :-). . for sides we shared the butternut squash, celery root, leeks and chestnuts. perfect dish for autumn/winter ;-). . i had the leftover side and meat for lunch (cold) the next day. good lunch :-). . we couldn't even finish our dinner so no way could we squeeze in any dessert. seems to be a common "problem" for most diners :-p. . i had a xiang li cocktail as well. nice and fragrant (loved the pear puree) but a bit too gingery and starts to get cloying after a while. a subtler take on the execution might be better.. . after dinner we went next door for illy coffee as a digestive :-) if we ever want steak again, kobe style (half-kobe mix) might be a better choice for us. more tender but not as fatty as actual wagyu...
Hype. I try to go to a restaurant/establishment at least twice before yelping it, but let's face it, I'm never going back. It's so completely overpriced and waaaay too much beef for one person to eat. The two best things I had on their menu weren't even their "dry aged a million years" steaks. It was the chicken and Kobe Steak Sashimi. I could eat those two things everyday for a year. . . If you're debating between the regular steak and Wagyu, spend the extra money. You can absolutely taste the difference. But both are not worth the money you'll spend here. I honest-to-god feel like I've had better steak at Morton's - tastier, more tender, way better value.. . If I could have a re-do at this place I would've ordered family style. It's just not right for a single person to eat that much meat in one sitting. Don't forget to order the Steak Sashimi!
Nothing really special here.  CUT las vegas is just your average steak restaurant with inflated prices.  You can't really go wrong with steak here so you'll experience a great meal but at the same time you'll have to pay top dollar for it since this is Vegas!. . The Wagu steak from Japan was sublime but it was the most expensive steak on the menu...
I had to take off two stars because they got our order wrong.. . We ended up being confused as to whose plate belongs where. It took them awhile to realize we weren't eating..... . I ordered an Idaho kobe beef - Rib eye.. My brother ordered 100% wagyu new york steak.. Both of us got Idaho kobe beef new york steak.. . This is something that should not happen to customers. . . However, the overall experience was worth the price we got.. . They greet you right at the door, seat you at your table, place the napkins on your lap, and then a waiter will come straight away.. . You don't really need appetizers when coming here because they load you up with a lot of bread (cheese puffs are amazing!) Then load you up with more bread. . . They also refill you water constantly - if it looks like it's getting low, a server will appear to refill your water.  . . Right before each dish that arrives, a server will come to clean the linen and place mat before setting down the dishes.  . . And then someone comes around, educating you about the different beefs they have at CUT (they have 100% Japanese Wagyu beef and the snake river Idaho Kobe beef.  For those looking for 100% Japanese Kobe beef, don't look to getting it here - go to Shibuya inside the Bellagio. They serve it for $290).. . For the sides we ordered the mac 'n cheese and the creamy spinach. I enjoyed the creamy spinach more, but both are good.. . For dessert, I ordered the banana cream pie with banana cream sorbet and banana creme brulee.  However, I only really liked the sorbet.. . When they bring in the checks, they give you some small sweets (one for each guest).. . Overall, this place had its ups and downs.  I would come back here just because I kind of enjoyed the service (aside from my order mix-up). The snake river Idaho Kobe beef was pretty good, andI may order it again next time around (or the Lobster, I had my eye on that also).
Had a nice dinner here a few years back after doing lots of research, but unfortunately it didn't live up to it's hype in my opinion. The place was happening and had a good vibe but something was lacking. Maybe it was the dishes that I ordered because only one stood out from what I remembered. Servicewas excellent though I must admit.. . Recommendations: American Wagyu Beef Sashimi
I was really looking forward to CUT, and was hoping I would have liked it better than I did.. . It was a good experience, its a sleek, modern ambiance and the service is top notch.   The waiters go above and beyond... they're helpful, pay attention to detail, and educate (a bit too much... i don't care if Voss water is from Norway!!)  Service wise it was what you'd expect from a top notch steakhouse.  They bring out the steaks on a platter, of course pointing to the most expensive Waygu Ribeye and recommending it very heavily.  . . I went with the bone-in ribeye and was disappointed.  Granted, I'm very particular of my steaks and steakhouses.  I kept on thinking how I could make a better steak myself.  I ordered the steak medium rare, but it was more of a medium cook.  It had a dryness that didn't bod well with me.  I was surprised the marbling and bone didn't give the steak much flavor either.  . . Sides were good.  Mac and cheese was mac and cheese.  Solid, but nothing special.  Potatoes were good, went well with the steak.. . I've heard some people say that they love this steakhouse, which I find surprising.  With so many other great steakhouses in Vegas, I wouldn't come here again.
Before dinner, I got a Dark and Stormy at the bar. Very good, they even garnished it with with a piece of crystallized ginger, which I thought was a really nice touch. For those of you who don't know what a Dark and Stormy is and are wondering what the hell ginger is doing is doing in a drink....it's basically ginger beer (much more of a ginger flavor than ginger ale), black rum, and lime juice. Try one, they're tasty and refreshing.. . Anyway, as for dinner, we started off with the crab & shrimp cocktail. It was ok, nothing spectacular.. . Then came the steak. I opted for one of 21-day aged steaks. These are the cheapest on the menu and are not the dry-aged ones. I had the bone-in ribeye. Now I know dry-aged is better than a normal aged steak (wet aged), but a) it was the end of my trip in which I had already spent a ton of money and wanted to go for the cheaper option and b) I've had plenty of good ribeyes that were not dry-aged. Well, it was kinda tough, too lean for a ribeye, lacking fat marblization, and wasn't exactly bursting with flavor. Overall it was an ok steak, just not what a ribeye should be and therefore disappointing. . . The creamed spinach side was ok and the mac and cheese was pretty good. . . We skipped dessert because we had a show to catch, so I'm not sure what I missed out on. . . I'm sure the dry-aged steaks here are better and I'm sure the wagyu is quite good. But a good steakhouse should still have a good wet-aged ribeye. So in comparison to other upscale steakhouses, this is mediocre. I guess maybe all the people ranking this as one of the top steakhouses in Vegas had the better steaks on the menu (dry-aged, wagyu).
If you're looking for a nice piece of meat you'll certainly get that here but I think it's average at best overall.  I tried 4 different steaks, New York Sirloin from Nebraska, New York Sirloin from Washington, the Ribeye from Illinois and one of the American Waygus. The Waygu was overcooked, ribeye tasty and both sirloins my favorite of the 4 (I actually liked the Washington best because it was kind of sweet which sounds weird for a cut of beef but it was really different and tasty).. . With that being said, I thought the sides were EH...cream of spinach my favorite, fingerling potatoes kinda crappy (I think I've had better at Outback), mac n cheese ok, mashed potatoes kinda like Boston Market, you get the idea.. . The wine selection was excellent though and so was this cocktail I got called Pins and Needles that's a gin drink served with cucumber and egg white.  It's only about 1/4 ofthe way full when you get it which is certainly disappointing but I guess standard for a top notch steakhouse (or big name I should say) but definitely delicious and refreshing.. . Best part hands down was the service. Very elegant and over the top but a lot of fun. I think I'll try a different steakhouse next time though since I know there are better ones in Vegas and plenty to choose from.
Great food if you only like to eat steaks which I'm not a big lover of steak. Their appetizers are great but very rich so be prepared for an experience. The service is top notch with any truly high end restaurant. The food was overrated; our steaks weren't prepared as we had requested and therefore had to be recooked to our liking which only became wasted since they recooked an entire steak just for us.
Awesome food, service needs a kick in the ass.  . . The Food was excellent.  Our table of four had three different steaks and a roast chicken dish and each one was perfectly cooked and complimented the wine and sides creating flavor sensations. . . While the bar was not crowded, it was inaccessible because they let people dine at the bar, and it's just not big enough for that. This takes the fun out of having a drink at the bar before or after your dinner.  To get your drink, you have to reach over somebody who is trying to enjoy their $200 dinner.  Awkward.  . . Service was shockingly spotty.  We sat at 8:30 (three of us had drinks from the bar) and by 9:10 our fourth still didn't have her cocktail.  I only realized how long it took because we were waiting to toast an anniversary, the occasion we were celebrating.  Forty minutes is way too long to wait when the restaurant is not shy about charging $24 for a Cosmo.. . I didn't like how the steak salesman (beefomillier?) interrupted our conversation to explain to us why we should buy a 6 oz piece of wagyu for $200 without so much as a "hello."  But by this time I was aggravated about waiting for the cocktail, so my patience was wearing thin.   But really, he's not helping you decide what to order, he's only selling the six most expensive items which are on his cart.  At Morton's, they bring a sample of each piece of meat to show you to help you decide, and take your order right then and there. . . I liked how they present the food, all four dinners hitting the table at precisely the same time.  That's the level of service we expected.  I did not expect them to completely forget my side order of mushrooms.  . . I pulled the manager aside to discuss and I guess he agreed because he comped us $170 worth of drinks and sides.  We never saw our waiter again.  The manager brought us our check.
When a restaurant unilaterally cancels your reservation and doesn't call you, it's a bad sign.  I was shopping at the Wynn when I noticed an email from Open Table informing me that CUT canceled my reservation.  I called the and they said it was impossible for me to have received an email since they didn't have me in the system.  I offered to forward the cancellation email to them, but the lady got really rude and I told her to go ahead and cancel the reservation and that I would find somewhere else to have dinner.  . . Luckily the husband and I were here the night before for drinks and sliders at the bar, so I had a taste of what the place was like.  I'm not sure if I would try it for dinner next time I am in Vegas because the female bartender was a total beast and snobby.  The male bartender was nice.  So yeah, they need a lesson in customer service - Wolfgang needs to make an appearance and kick some booty!
Service gets 5 stars. The servers were attentive without hovering. Appeared when we needed them.. The steaks were disappointing. In our group of 6, 5 ordered steaks varying from rare to med rare. I got chicken. All commented that the steaks were kind of tough. My tastes of theirs confirmed that. However the chicken was phenomenal! The best I have ever had. The apps were good as were the desserts. . Don't go for the steaks.
Very mediocre. . . The bone marrow flan is excellent, the wagyu filet was great, but the wagyu prime rib was really tough!!! Also, the service was quite poor. I've had much better steaks, and would not recommend Cut, especially given the price.
The domestic cuts of steaks  were pretty good but a little overcooked even though we specified medium rare on the rare side.   We were expecting to be blown away by the steaks because of proximity to the Midwest  beef providers, but were disappointed that New York steakhouses provided better steaks.  However, the four of us did agreed that service was professional and the decor was very Vegas.
All things considered, 3 stars.. . My date, another couple & I went out to dinner here.  We had to wait a bit for our table which we didn't mind, and we were seated at the best one in the house.. . The GOOD:. - Service seemed pretty on point the entire night, both from our server to the bread lady to the guys filling the water cups.  Server was very knowledgeable about wines & food.. - Bread was RIDICULOUSLY good.  I highly recommend the pretzelbread & foccacia. - Decor, presentation, ambiance was nice - feels like a fancy restaurant (but with upbeat music & less stuffy). - Steak itself was delicious - not the best I've ever had (I am partial to Morton's), but it was cooked correctly and very flavorful.  I tried both the American Wagyu (tasted like a cross between bacon & steak), and the traditional filet mignon.  I liked the filet better.. - Sides - 2/3 were very good - I'd recommend both the mac and cheese and fingerling potatoes roasted with bacon and onions.  I'd skip the squash.. . The BAD:. - This place is ridiculously overpriced, even for Vegas.  Some of the sides we ordered here (which one side could probably feed 2 people) were about $20 bucks, and our steaks were in the  mid $70s.  I've definitely spent more on dinner before and have felt great about the food and service I received - I did not have that same feeling this time.. - They give you an ipad to order drinks and wine.  While we originally thought it was cool, it ended up being totally cumbersome and dissuaded us from ordering cocktails (we did have lovely wine though).. - Upselling - When the waiter brought over the meats to show us, he only brought over the American Wagyu & Japanese Wagyu beefs - e.g., the most expensive steaks on the menu only.  I felt like this was a little obnoxious - if you're doing a steak demonstration you should be demonstrating all cuts of meat regardless.  As As I don't even like Wagyu beef I was a little bit put off by this.. . The UGLY:. - So after all was said and done, for two apps, a bottle of wine, 4 steaks and 3 sides, the bill came out to about $430 dollars.. . The REALLY UGLY:. - WHEN THE WAITER BROUGHT OUR CHECK OVER, HE TOLD US TO "make sure you fill out each of the three lines I wrote x's on" - which would be the tip, total, and signature.  I thought this was the single most obnoxious thing I had ever experienced after dropping over $400 bucks on a meal.  I ultimately tipped the waiter exactly 20%, would have tipped him closer to 25-30% if he hasn't felt the need to point the fact I needed to tip out to me, and in retrospect I feel like I should have been closer to 15%.  As a person who has worked in the industry and frequents different bars and restaurants, I'd immediately fire someone who suggested this to a patron.. . --------. . TL;DR - I'd pick another steakhouse - somewhere where you get a bit more value for what you're spending.
ive been here 3 times, the first 2 times i had the most amazing meals. i would look foward to eating here every time i came to vegas. the last time i went was soooo disappointing. and having a subpar meal at some places might be ok every once in a while. but for the prices they charge, there is no excuse for anything less than great.. 2 years ago i wouldve easily gave this place 5 stars. today it only gets 3
I was having a staycation and decided to try something different...how much fun can I have without leaving the Palazzo? The restaurant was nice, we sat in the booth right in the front window which was actually pretty cool. The wait staff was attentive and very professional. Honestly though, I've had better steak at the local steakhouses off the strip. Not a bad meal at all, probably made better by someone else picking up the check!
My third time here. The food is blow away great. However, the front door staff and the manager (I think) totally blew me off when I asked how to find a taxi. When its 107 degrees, a little help finding the taxi stand would have been appreciated. Yes it was late and they were closing, but....
OK, yes  the steaks are over the top great here.  However I find the Japanese wagyu to be far too fatty for my taste.  The American Wagyu is just fine for me but again that is a taste issue.  Their Nebraska corn feed steak is no better than any steak you could buy at any steak house but will still probably cost you twice the price at Cut. Salads, appetizers, and deserts were all good to excellent as Wolfgang usually does.. Waite staff was very attentive, knowledgeable about the steaks, and friendly.  . So why 3 stars you ask?  . . CONS:  The dining room is getting a little dated over the years.  I found the seating and table to be uncomfortable.  The pricing is obscenely high even for Vegas.  Extensive but extremely expensive wine list for the majority of selections.  Noise level the night I was there was very loud as there was a large business meeting / group eating there that evening (often there is).  When  you spend this type of money on a meal  everything should be spot on!  .  . PROS:  Overall excellent food and good service..  . Yes I still recommend and would return.
Oh Cut, I so wanted to love you! But unfortunately, I just like you. 3.5 stars.. . One of our friends had said this is his favorite steakhouse and he eats here every time he goes to Vegas. So for our annual Thanksgiving dinner, I suggested Cut as the place for my family to dine. We all walked away saying we would not come here again.. . Service - Top notch!. Ambiance - This is a tiny restaurant and it's decorated nicely, but the music was classic rock and didn't really fit the feel of this place.. The food - Hits and misses, which i'll get to.. Price - About $1000 for eight people, which is pretty average for a steakhouse.. . Bread - You are given crispy breadsticks coated in parmesan. Tasty, but very messy, the parmesan flaked off all over the place. . You are brought a plate of four choices of bread, you tell them which ones you want, and they are served to you by a waiter. I had the pretzel bread and the onion focaccia bread. Both were awesome. . . Starters - They don't have soup! I really wanted a soup, but there are none on the menu. Bummer. My friend ordered the Butter Lettuce, Avocado, Point Reyes Blue Cheese, Champagne-Herb Vinaigrette Salad. I had a couple bites and it was very good. . . Steak - Our friend had told us to splurge and get the Japanese Wagyu Ribeye. It's $155 for 8 oz. He said it was well worth it, so BF and I split it. Japanese Wagyu is apparently not for me, it's just too buttery and literally melted in my mouth. I like steak I can chew on a little bit. I don't fault Cut, I just think it isn't my thing. My friend ordered a Petite Filet with Blue Cheese and I tried it, I liked his filet a lot and wish we had ordered that instead. Everybody else said their meat was okay.. . Sides - Brussels Sprouts - great flavor, but too undercooked for my taste. Not served very hot. Creamed Spinach topped with Fried Eggs - Just okay, also not very hot, and I could have done without the egg. Mac & Cheese - Good flavor, but the noodles were slightly gummy and also, this wasn't hot. . . Dessert - We didn't get any, but my friend ordered the Chocolate Souffle and it was amazing. Definitely the best part of the meal. . . It wasn't terrible, but there are so many steakhouses in Vegas, many of which I think are a lot better. When you are dropping $125 a person, you want to enjoy everything you eat, and that didn't happen here.
