I've never stayed here but have visited several times over the years.  I've eaten a couple of times at Margaritaville on the strip side and had beers with friends at the garden bar.  I think the best place is the garden area out back with it's flamingos and other birds in the ponds.  They just put in a new food court a couple of months ago which one of my customers did all the casework for.
I liked this place a lot actually. The room I stayed in had a great view and good enough space for 2 people. My only complaint would be the elevators, unorganized bed making, and not-so-good eating joints inside. The tv cable was awesome because it ranged through a bunch of great channels and the slot machines were decent. I didn't like how depressing some of the areas were inside the casino though. I would want to come back and stay here again but in a better location and higher level of room type.
Pink.  Lots of pink.  Like cornea searing pink.  You'll only see more pink if you were front row at a Lady Gaga concert.. . One of the remaining OG hotels on the strip.  Everything reeks of smoke.  Tore up waitresses.  Greasy cafes and buffets.  Half dead animals that would scream kill me if they could to take pictures with.  Definitely a step down from the luxury resorts, but I like it here.  My kind of Vegas, at least until I hit that Wheel of Fortune jackpot. . . Great center strip location.  Easy to get to everything.  Standard rooms are decent, GO rooms are actually amazing and worth the upgrade, though still small.  . . Good vibe in the casino, people are usually here to have fun.  They have a gogo area with the...slightly more attractive dealers up front.  But I don't really like gambling here too much since the limits are a little too low, like $10 pai gow.  It sucks to be losing hands while someone else on the table is barely betting anything and constantly winning (yeah I'm gonna hate like that).  Good to come here and kill some time though, better than the IP.  Dear God, anything but the IP.
Good location at an affordable price. Its not the nicest place I've stayed on the strip, but it is smack dab in the middle, right across from Caesar's Palace and the Bellagio. . . My only gripe: it took them 1.5+ hrs to bring me a shower cap!! :(
We stayed in one of the newly remodeled GO rooms. It's the hotel's take on mid-century modern, but it's definitely more modern than mid-century. Yes, there is a large flat screen tv and a tv in the bathroom mirror. Large bathtub, separate shower. There is an audio system with a hookup for an ipod, but you need a cable (not your iphone or ipod charger) to hook into the system. We called the front desk to get one and they said they were out and that the cables have been placed on backorder. . . The location of the hotel and the hotel rates really can't be beat. It's in the middle of the strip right across from the Bellagio and Ceasars. We had a view of the Bellagio water show thingy from our room. The strip is really walkable from this location. And there is also a bus stop for the Deuce ($7 bucks for a 24 hour pass) right outside the hotel entrance.  If you want to go up to Fremont Street from the strip, I recommend getting a pass for the Deuce or the Ace (which is the express bus).  Cabs to downtown from the Flamingo can be $15-$20 depending on the time of day and the route. . . A tip when you are checking in...if you already have a reservation and you have the credit card you reserved the room with you don't need to wait in the long line to check in with a human being. There are computer kiosks towards the end of the front desk. You can check in there and get your room keys dispensed from the kiosk. Otherwise, you may end up waiting up to 20-30 minutes to check in.
The Flamingo is another solid 3 star review in this hotel class. It has a nice lobby, nice rooms, everything is just more or less average.. . However, you are in Vegas, the land of lavishes and luxuries. The land where your room is probably bigger here than your apartment, a land where 24/7 you can lose thousands of dollars and still remember it was a happy occasion. In a land like this, you probably would not want to stay in the Flamingo. Despite the Flamingo being probably a pretty good stay elsewhere, this is not the place you want to be when you are in Las Vegas.. . Everything is just ok, like many reviewers said, and everything is less grandeur than what you could be getting for almost the same price elsewhere. I found out that the suites are actually a few hundred dollars, which could buy you a nice place at the Venetian for a night just as well.. . The check in is easy, the check out is a mess, and it's really, really colorful.
First time staying at the Flamingo (Feb 6-8). I was a little worried after some of the reviews I read but we decided to give this place a try. It was a lot nicer than expected. We had a normal king size room and we were more than happy with it. Check-in was super fast and the lady who helped us was very friendly. The room was very clean and we loved the big windows! The bed was a lot more comfy than I expected also. The Flamingo has a great variety of restaurants/fast food. The casino was pretty good too. We seemed to stick to the video poker but they had a big variety of different machines. I will definitely consider staying here again.
Stayed here on comps recently, and enjoyed my stay immensely.. . Ok, everything that people are complaining about is probably true.  But...  don't pay Flamingo prices and expect Wynn or Bellagio facilities and amenities.  . . If you're a seasoned Vegas traveler you will know that the only thing that matters most if you're not looking to drop a fortune on luxury is exactly what the Flamingo offers:  great location and clean acceptable rooms.  Who cares if it looks dated.  Are you going to spend your entire time in the room?  Why are you even in Vegas?!  . . Your view sucked?  Walk outside.  It'll look the same.. . It smelled like smoke?  You're a moron.  Welcome to Vegas.. . The bed in the Deluxe room does suck (unless you're a hard mattress sleeper, in which case, you'll be satisfied.)  But as long as I can continue to crash here for free while having easy access to the entire strip and the monorail in my backyard..  I'll be back time after time.
Received a pretty sweet deal on a room here plus flight via the interwebs. The location is perfect. The Casino is not bad at all and pretty fun actually. I much prefer it over the more fancy options on the strip. The sports book is lacking though. The lobby areas are nice enough, and there is a Sin City Brewing Co. bar which was nice since this section of the strip seems to not want to serve any remotely decent beers besides your average imports. 2 for $15 pitcher specials all the time. The rooms are average if you don't upgrade. They were clean, just nothing special which is fine with me because a room is just meant to crash in while visiting Vegas.
i stayed at the flamingo this past weekend... the hotel wasnt as bad as ive been reading on yelp, but it could use some work! for starters, we found water bottles under our bed, so obviously they didnt even bother to check under the beds, the faucet in the shower dripped nonstop so we had to put a towel under it to muffle the sound. we had to wait awhile to check in, i think they need to get more front desk staff. i did love the fact that i was traveling with my dog and they had  a little gift basket for him ready when we got to the room! the wildlife was great also! i would def come back if need be, but i think next time ill try someplace else!
Go suite all the way!  Great service, professional, beautiful tropical gardens, friendly service.  I recommend Go  Rooms suites only.  This hotel I would have liked to have given  5 stars but we do have a billing issue with the upgrade charges.  We were Quoted $25.00 a night extra but we were charged $56.00 extra a night.  We were also offered a 100.00 credit and never got it on are bill. ( This was hotel managements offer for another issue, maid service started cleaning the room at 2:30 in the morning.. Vacuum banging the walls etc)  Watch your BILL!  Also be careful with room service management. Not quick to respond when ordering my wedding cake and looked nothing like the pictures I had sent.  OMG they also DROPPED our cake and never said sorry : (    Besides a few issue's  everyone else in the hotel was great.  Loved the chapel employees, and the relaxing tropical gardens......  Julie Wilburn
Not the nicest, but not the worst hotel I've been in. We came here for new years eve, so it was pretty affordable considering the time of year, and it's not like you spend a whole lot of time in the rooms while you're here anyway. Although it was pretty cold when we were there (snowing cold), so being indoors was a nice thing. We ended up just hanging around in other hotels since the bars and casinos were nicer and had better drinks. All in all, it wasn't bad. I think a lot of people probably would find it a more distasteful place compared to the newers hotels that have been built in recent years, but the bed was comfy enough and it was affordable. I think if you get the upgraded rooms, it's a much nicer stay. . The only complaint I have is that our bathroom ceiling had water leaking from it  in the middle of the night and we called someone up to fix it, and I think they just had the maids soak up the water with towels.I guess that's what makes this hotel one star less quality than the other ones. I guess when people set up a really bad impression of a place you plan on staying at, and then it's not nearly as they describe, it ends up being a more pleasant experience.
The ac Sucked
The most important thing to know about staying at the Flamingo is that there are two types of room (well there are more than two types, but these are the two lower-rate types): the standard rooms that look like they haven't been updated since the hotel opened in the 40s,and the Go Rooms, which are recently-renovated, beautiful, state-of-the-art hotel rooms with flatscreen TVs, a big tub, etc.. . The Go Rooms run about $40 extra per night than the standard rooms. We haggled with the guy on the phone and got ours for only about $15 extra. Even for $40, it would have been worth it. The Go Rooms are amazing.. . Other than that, the hotel is pretty standard. Overpriced food. Smokey casino filled with old people playing the slot machines. Pool area with expensive drinks. Kid's pool area with a waterslide. Cool garden-y area with flamingos, but nothing that will blow you away.. . I would consider staying here again. But it's Las Vegas! Who stays at the same hotel twice?
Great location, great garden in back, great shopping center, beautiful ambiance. Once we got into our room however, there were cigarette burns all over the ground, hairs, and even holes punched in the wall. no joke. besides that, the view we got was amazing, 26 floors up overlooking Caesars palace and the strip. The pools looked great too, but unfortunately it was January and they were closed. Absolutely a Vegas classic hotel and casino, but just watch out for the tarnished rooms.
The Flamingo is one of the oldest properties on the strip and is definitely showing its age. As one of the iconic originals it is in need of a complete renovation, but I am one of those types that it does not bother me, especially since I only need it to sleep, shower, and grab a bite to eat. I stayed here recently on a business trip and my company put us up here. As I have stayed here before I know the ins and outs of this place pretty well.. . Super cheap rates. Above par gym if you are into fitness while away. Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville attached to it. Cheap gambling on table games. Located right on center strip. Monorail station makes it super easy and cheap to get around. Beautiful manicured grounds. Exotic birds and sanctuary on grounds . Terrific pool area - huge and fun. . I have stayed in both an older standard room and one of the updated "GO" rooms. The standard room recently was ok by me. Clean, neat, hot shower, comfy bed, no problems. The "GO" room is a trip - bright white and pink motif, tv screen in bathroom mirror, flat screen with dvd/cd player and stereo, very cool decor, almost like a porn shoot set.. . Check in and check out lines can be long, but I always try to get in early so lines are not too bad, and you can check out on the tv. Also, no need to really wait on lines if you are a Platinum/Diamond Players Card member as there is a VIP check in room to use.. . Restaurants and bars here are just average. Nothing great but nothing too horrible either. On weekends there is a fun bar in front with loud pumping music, gogo dancers and hottie dealers set up. Other then Donnie and Marie there is an X-Burlesque show on site. Not too much other entertainment here. Tables games are ok, and they have the standard slots, but gaming area is on the smaller side. . . Overall, the Flamingo is decent choice if on a tight budget. Good location on the strip, great pool, easy access to monorail, and never seems too crowded. Just don't expect the "wow" factor that you get at the Wynn, Bellagio, or Venetian. You get what you pay for - a cheaper hotel/casino. If you have a larger budget to play with go with another casino as there are great room deals to be had in Vegas nowadays. Still, I have no major complaints about the Flamingo. It is what it is.
Pros: big rooms, nice view of the strip, good price when you find the deals online. . Cons: pool closes at 6, old tv, crappy shower. . Pro?/Con?: old school Vegas style :)
Stopped here to play some beer pong and gamble.  We ended up staying here the whole night and had a blast.  Really lively crowd, especially in the beer pong area, and tons of beers going around.  $5 minimum on the tables and $1 cups of beer, this is place is definitely a good spot to have cheap fun on the strip.  Yah the place isn't as clean, with watermarks and cigarette burns on the table felt, and with dealers who had issues counting chips, but I didn't really care.  I ended up playing for 3 hours straight on the craps table and had a blast.  The table operators were funny (some didn't know all the rules) and weren't as strictas other casinos (like not caring about non-playing people leaning on the sides).  I might've been the beer, but I didn't mind and had a great time playing with some fun folks.
I will start this review by saying that we stayed may 7-10th (a Saturday through Tuesday) and only paid $320 for our room!  I am going to base my review on that alone.  You are not going to get 5 star accommodations for this price!  We did not stay in a GO room.  It probably would've been worth the extra $30 a night for the upgrade.  The rooms are outdated, carpet is stained, bathroom floor is disgusting (but the toilet bowl and shower were clean).  . . The pool is beautiful!  We purchased a cabana and day bed and had a great day at the pool.  Our hostess, John was great!  Unfortunately the weather did not cooperate, so only one day was spent at the pool!  . . The location is great!  Walking distance to all the great attractions!  So, if you are looking to spend your money on eating, gambling, shopping, and basically just need a place to sleep and shower, this is the place for you!  However, if you are looking for a 5 star hotel experience, this is definitely not the place for you!  You definitely get what you pay for here!. . And the breakfast Buffett was pretty good too.  Fresh crepes!  And cotton candy for a later sweet tooth attack!. . 3.5 is my official review score!
From A room perspective, this was my least favorite out of the five hotels I have stayed at, however for what I needed it was fine. Like someone commented earlier I needed a bed a Shower and A TV. . . The Casino was decent, not my favorite, however I did like how there were multiple places to eat and that the location of the Hotel was so good in respect to other hotels that we went to.. . My room was all the way at the end of the hallway so I dreaded walking to my room. . . Good place if you just need a Bed, Shower, and TV
Nothing really good or really bad to say about this place. I only stayed for one night so I didn't get to experience it to the fullest. My sister booked the room through Hotels.com and used her free night here. Checking in was easy and we didn't wait long. The room was OK, we could have upgraded to the newly remodeled rooms for an extra $40 but decided not to. . . If you're on a budget but still want to stay in a nice area of The Strip I'd recommend this place, Bally's and Paris. They are all really close to Caesar's Palace, Bellagio, and the new City Center.
Had our national convention here last week. The outside grounds were very nice with the pool and the pink flamingos. Having Margaritaville bar inside hotel was nice. There was ample free parking which was nice because the hotel is huge. .  It is nice because you are in the middle of the strip. The rooms were just ok with stains on the carpet and outdated bathrooms. The first morning there was no shampoo which was disappointing because I did not pack shampoo. Some of the elevator buttons were missing. The attention to detail was lacking..  The food provided for the meetings were good. Overall it was ok for the price.
I totally agree with P.A....I stayed here the very first time I was in Vegas...years & years back...and it was great!!!, loved the pink flamingos, & they are still there...I wonder if those are the same ones from years ago...look like they too aged!!! . the building sure shows all the signs of aging....and needs a massive renovation and painting to catch up with all the glitter of the new hotels that mushroomed around...and they have to really change some of the amenities...like the flat screen TV...etc.  In Atlantic city all the hotels & casino in the Boardwalk are already upgraded... . . One good thing about it....it's right in the center of the strip overlooking Ceasars & DBellagio, and certainly nice to take a walk from one place o to another.... . Can't stand the stench of the smoke...unlike Atlantic City, there are places for non-smokers...I went home with a sore throat because of that!!. Like what everybody says, you get what you pay for...it's still a good place for  the budget concious...otherwise if money is not an issue go across and stay at the famous Bellagio!!!.  . . .
Don't go in expecting that you are staying at the Wynn, or a Holiday Express even, but the GO will do just fine.  I stayed here years ago with the girls, and decided to return MDW.  It was the cheapest with a known great pool atmosphere. . . The pool is still awesome!  Even better now that they have a separate kids area.  (it is where the waterslides are, but you can still access them)  It is a fun pool party without having to pay a ridiculous cover charge.  They did check for room key and you can't bring anything in.  Beach club didn't look all that great, the main pool is where it's at. $20 waterbottle drinks, but one should do the trick.. . So yes, still has some old outdated rooms, but the Flamingo is still alive and well.
Okay place to gamble along the strip.... . Casino is huge with a large variety table games to choose from.. Service ladies don't come around too often, maybe once or twice every 30 minutes.. . Cool thing that happened to me for the first time in 10 years, a worker asked if I wanted a massage.. It cost $10 for 5 minutes and she gave me a pillow to lean on while at a table game.
Went here for a formal. I stayed in one of the older rooms. The rooms aren't as bad as people say, you get what you pay for. My bathroom was clean, my beds were comfy, nice view of the pool and part of the strip. Carpet didn't look too horrible and there were no noticeable stains. . . One of my friends stayed in the newer GO rooms which was all decked out. The suite was amazing. The living room was huge and fully furnished. The bathroom had a sliding glass door and the sinks were very contemporary and nicely designed. The countertop was perfect for laying out drinks and the flat screen TV was huge. What's more is the room bathroom had a freaking TV embedded into the mirror. . . Everything was great until I went to the pool. They just remodeled all their pools and the pools themselves are very nice. Memorial day weekend was just the wrong weekend to go. The pools were extremely crowded, but that was to be expected. . . The banquet room we had our formal in was spacious and nice. Overall it was a great stay. Perfect location on the strip as well. Classic Flamingo will not fail you. Come here if you want to be near all the action and avoid paying the price.
This hotel is definitely older and could use some upgrading, but overall it was OK.  My huge complaint is that we were given a room overlooking the strip, which seemed all right at first until we tried to go to sleep around midnight and were kept awake until 3:30 or so by the unbelievably LOUD, POUNDING club music.  Seriously, I thought the club was in our hotel and possibly even on the floor above us, that's how loud it was.  My husband is a super sound sleeper and even he was awake all night.  No amount of pillows on my head or even turning up the sound machine we had in the room for our toddler (yes I know, bringing a kid to Vegas is totally against the rules of a fun Vegas trip, but we were there for a wedding) could drown out the noise.  After sleeping a total of 2 hours before the baby woke us up at 6am, I called the front desk to complain and found out the music was coming from PURE Nightclub at Caesar's ACROSS THE STREET!  That's how loud the music was.  I sound like an old lady when I say this but holy crap, if you were in that club you are looking at hearing loss for days.  Ha.. The hotel was nice about switching our room, so we got a nice room facing the garden/pool area and it was completely quiet at night and we actually slept.  They've got a major problem on their hands with those street facing rooms, I wish they would have given us a heads up about that since we had 2 kids with us.  Overall the stay was good, just wish I had gotten a little more sleep.
Well, I wanted a location on the strip that was centrally located.  Flamingo qualified, but isn't a very nice hotel, especially once you start walking around.  The casino floor is similar to Harrah's; is smoky; has a line at check in (at all times, I saw) - and for whatever reason the electronic check in machines don't work; and the pool was packed on Saturday, both the party pool and the family one.. . The hotel room itself was nothing special.  Had an old style boxy TV and a king bed made up of two twins (with a King mattress on top).  The bathroom was old style and dark, it also didn't have a fan, causing me to think about mold growth... ick.  Oh, and the carpet was stained everywhere.  Really?  Steam that all out, please, or replace it!. . Next time, I'll spring the extra $50 for a more pleasant hotel.  . . A quick list of positives, just in case you thought I had the worst time ever...  Free Parking, an easy walk from the garage to the elevators up the room/check in, a short walk from the room to the pool areas, and a navigate-able casino floor.
If you book, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE book a Go Room. We stayed this week in an old room. I think someone was murdered and they didn't clean up the carpet. We had a room facing the strip and heard the hotels  nightclub across the street until 4am. The Go Room will still have this problem  but it is Vegas. :) Our room was just dirty though, wouldn't walk on the carpet without flipflops. The casino is nice, not a fan of their slot machines really and the table games didn't have any cheap options. Pool area was OK.....they didn't have anyone out cleaning so the adult pool had beer bottles and cans and cigarette butts everywhere. . . Good coffee at coffee stand. Fast check in. Had to wait three hours to get our room though. Terrible valet, just park yourself because they're understaffed. Parking garage is pretty good, enter on Koval and avoid strip traffic!
While it's not the nicest or newest hotel, it's located on the strip and you can get a room here for dirt-cheap.  The best part:  The pool area has an endless river which equals endless joy-gasms.  The only other one I know of is at Mandalay and it's usually 2-3 times as much to stay there (on a good/cheap day).  . . While you won't run into basketball players or celebrities, it's a solid casino to stay at if you come on a budget and are looking for some solid pool-lounging time.  The rooms are clean, the service has always been efficient, and the location is convenient.  . . The last time I stayed here, I kinda felt like I was in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.  The casino has that old school feel of 80's Vegas with the flamingo vomit carpet.  Hopefully, they've updated since or will be updating soon.. . So in summary: Come for the pool and try not to have a Hunter S. Thompson reaction to the decor.  3-stars (and how much more do you need in a Vegas hotel anyhow?)
Came for a convention on 6-27-2011, they gave us a room with broken TV and out of order safe.  I called to let them know, they took almost 2 hours to respond.  After almost 2 hours they decided to switch to a different room for us.  They gave us a smoking room when we asked for non-smoking. This is not what I want to go through when I am away from home.  . . Overall the view is nice looking to the strip.
I've decided that the worst job ever would have to be a dance by the penny slots at the Flamingo. And the girls were actually really hot too. Maybe one of these days they can work their way up to the dollar slots, gotta dream big.
We got a free room from my dad's friend for 4 days 3 nights stay during 4th of July weekend, so I consider that a freaking good deal already. Free room! Who can complain?. . Room is standard, but who cares about how pretty the room is if you're only there to take showers and sleep. View is unbeatable, though. Ours looking straight to Caesar's Palace and Bellagio's musical fountain from the corner of the window. We just had to turn off all the lights in the room, open the curtains all the way, sit down, and enjoy the fireworks display.. . Monorail station is located behind this hotel, for those of you who choose to ride it. But most good places are within walking distance from this hotel, so even if you don't feel walking, maybe riding a bus saves more money than monorail.. . Didn't go to their buffet (half of my family members are vegetarians), didn't try their swimming pool, but it looked pretty good when I passed by. Didn't play in their casino either (I heard they rip you off there, though). Do your check out from the TV in your room cuz sometimes the lines downstairs can get really crowded.. . And unless you really need to, don't use the internet. Heck, $14 per day is not worth it. I used my hotspot-capable phone for internet.. . Hotel isn't that big and crowded, which is a plus for me considering the sea of humans I had to go through in TI or Bellagio. Stay here and play somewhere else. That way you save money. :). . PS: I had to take 2 stars off cuz maid knocked on our door at 9 a.m. in the morning for 2 days straight (to clean the room). I couldn't find the "do not disturb" sign either. Maybe they don't provide one, but I don't know. It's kinda rude to knock on guest's door to clean their room. I've never experienced that in other hotels.. . For an "old" hotel, this one can get you a pretty good deal.
It is a scientific fact that people tend to remember their first impression, and last impression much more than anything happening in between those times.  That is our experience at the Flamingo!. . In a nutshell: everything worked out in the end... once the requests were made.. . Booked a "Deluxe room" through Expedia and got a good rate (but not as cheap as the good rate at some of the other Strip hotels).  We thought we'd spend a little more and get a better room.. . Upon arrival the check-in went quick and smooth, but the room assigned us was really nasty.  Dirty and dingy.  Not "Deluxe" at all.  Hotel says the Deluxe room is distinguished from the Classic by the decor.  I can't even imagine what kind of craphole a Classic room must be.. . Request for room change was quickly satisfied, but the next room (nonsmoking) reeked of smoke.  Again, sincere apologies and request for room change was quickly satisfied.  The room shared many characteristics of the other rooms, namely the "decor", and was slightly cleaner and was acceptable to us.  Kudos for being responsive, but WTF?. . Maybe it was out fault for not upgrading to a "GO" room.  Next time, if there is a next time... it's a GO room or another hotel!. . Odd observation:  ther appears to be a lack of standards for how the . rooms are stocked.  One room has 3 pillows on one queen bed and 2 on the other.  A single shampoo/conditioner.  Maybe that works for a bunch of guys, but not for a family with girls!  The room we settled into with two queen beds only had 3 towels.. . We asked for more towels, telling them that there were 4 of us in the room, and within 15 minutes a smiling man appeared with a sack of toiletries (4 of everything, I think), 4 bath towels, 4 hand towels, 4 wash cloths, a box of tissues and a spare roll of toilet paper.  WOW... more kudos for being responsive.  Unfortunately the next day we were only resupplied with 3 towels.. . My heart almost stopped, though, when my young son started pulling stuff out from under the bed.  First it was a half-used bottle of lotion, then a half-drunk bottle of water, and then I pulled him out for rear of what might be found next.  ATTENTION HOUSEKEEPING: When, or if, you vacuum the carpet please check under the beds for whatever the prior occupant may have left behind!. . Nice surprise... no "resort fee".  Pool(s) and habitat area are very nice.  We didn't have time to use them as much as I would have like to.  Slightly odd pool hours: 8 AM - 6 PM.  No evening swimming????. . Lobby and casino are inviting.  Not the newest or most glamorous, but still quite nice.. . Good variety of eating options.. . And then it was check-out time.  Given a choice between a line of people waiting to check out and a self-serve checkout machine, we chose the machine.  Quite anti-social of us, eh... but whatev!. . There is a bank of about 6 machines and as we walked up someone was walkling away shaking her head.  Not knowing, we read the directions: swipe credit card or "Total Rewards" card.  So we swiped the pretty gold card that served as our room key, which had boldy emblazoned upon it "Total Rewards (italics and fancy script lettering) GOLD"  The machine kept giving a message... something like "I have no idea who you are".  At the next machine over there was an employee training a presumably new employee on how the machines work.  When they finished we asked if they could explain what we were doing wrong.  No she couldn't... she's a trainer and would have to call an "Ambassador".  So we stood by for a few minutes wondering why she couldn't tell us how to work the machine, but she could tell a new employee how the machine works.  Perhaps union rules... who knows.. . Well, then a very mature, tall, hansome and well-spoke gentleman approached us and informed us that the card we were using is a room key and we should be using a credit card.  Then the system would search based on our name.  When we pointed out the instructions and showed him the "Total Rewards Gold" on the room key, he smiled and asked us to swipe a credit card.  We did, the machine printed a receipt, the nice gentleman handed it to us and bid us adieu and a nice day.  Kudos!. . ... but do we have a Total Rewards card, or just an old room key?
Since it is an older establishment, they are starting some renovations starting in the casino, which is where I have been at. The gambling atmosphere is pretty good, they have dancing girls which is cool. A nice classic touch are the Flamingo girls who stand outside waiting for you to take a picture with them. Party on!
nice room, very inexpensive, cute birds in the garden.. . Pool crew was a drag,  No where is it written that you must bring picture id AND your room key to get in.  Long trip back to room to get ID.  Next day, the service at the pool being slow, we brought our IDs and bought a fruit salad at their restaurant right in front of the entrance to the pool...and were told we couldn't bring it in. . . Swimming pool was extremely crowded.  They seemed to be catering to the spring-break crowd, even in summer.  Constant announcements for "booty shaking contests," "bikini bull riding contests" and sales on buckets o' beer.  If getting drunk is a vacation destination for you, this is the place to be.
This hotel was better than I expected, but there were still some serious downsides.. . For one, they didn't change our sheets or provide blankets. That's super lame.. . Second, our room keys stopped working halfway through our stay. Like wtf?. . And you have to leave the hotel in order to get to Margaritaville. That seriously sucked because it was raining when we went.. . But, on the bright side, the hotel hallways were really pretty and well-kept. And the prices were reasonable. Oh, and there's a Java Detour downstairs.. . Too bad there was less food choices than the other hotels I had been to on the strip though.
The motto of the Flamingo is "forever fabulous".  They definitely have some fabulous features, while others are just "mediocre".. . Great location.  Right in the middle of the Strip with easy access to I-15 and LAS airport.  You can walk all the way down to Mandalay Bay or up to the Encore without getting too winded.  Bill's, Bally's, Paris, Caesars, O'Shea's, Imperial Palace, and Bellagio are less than a 5-minute walk.. . Great pool.  A nice layout with a tropical feel.  Excellent service and a good mix of sun and shady spots in which to relax.  The GO pool gets a little "MTV Spring Break"-y, but the Beach Club Pool is family-friendly and quieter.. . Good casino.  It has a funky layout, but has most of the slots and table games people like.  The cocktail service is good and the staff is friendly.  . . Substandard rooms.  OK, this is where the Flamingo misses the mark.  We stayed in one of the standard rooms, not the GO rooms or a suite.  The room was older and in need of some TLC.  In the bathroom, the toilet didn't flush well and the vanity was in a moderate state of disrepair.  The shower was decent, though.  In the bedroom, there was no alarm clock and a scarcity of power outlets.  The carpet could use a good scrubbing as well.  I was not impressed at all with the housekeeping service.  Our housekeeper simply made our bed and replaced the towels.  He/she never vacuumed or removed empty glasses.  On the plus side, the bed was comfortable and we had a great view.  Also, the front desk staff was terrific.  . . I would stay here again, but I would upgrade to a GO room.
No free internet access, what is this, the times of Charlemagne??? $14/day to get internet access (something that EVERY hotel/motel should have INCLUDED, GRATIS) at this place, absurd considering how much money you're already paying to stay here!. . Otherwise the place was pretty good but could use just a little bit better upkeep, though I think overall they manage pretty well.. . Pros:. - Had a pretty spacious room for two, only stayed three nights so were traveling relatively light. King sized bed was nice.. - Great modern thermostatic A/C system in the room with plenty of controls. Could adjust the climate in there to my liking pretty quickly.. - Great maid service -- they cleaned up the room well every day, kept the fresh towels coming, even understood a "message" I had left them: one of the two bathroom light bulbs was burnt out, so I took it out and left it on the counter and was pleasantly surprised when I returned later to find a new bulb!. - Great location -- right in the middle of everything.. - Cheaper than a lot of other places, though not the cheapest.. - Resort itself was pretty nice with the pool, spa, stores, etc. Built-in convenience store open 24/7.. . Cons:. - No free internet access. WTF.. - Carpet had some large weird ring stain on it, not sure what it was about.. - Only had two power outlets available to use, none by the bed. Was a little bit inconvenient considering we had a bunch of stuff to plug in.. - No fridge to keep left-overs or coffee maker for coffee or tea.. - Old CRT TV, though admittedly I didn't come here for TV and only watched some briefly one night to help fall asleep.. - Bathroom didn't have a usable tub, just a shower.. - The provided hand soap was AWFUL. It made my hands feel so dry! I work on cars as a hobby and I tell you my hands feel better after Fast Orange than with whatever that bar of soap was.. How about some liquid hand soap???. - Included breakfast would have been nice.. - Was promised a good coupon book as part of the itinerary and whole package we paid for but they said they ran out of them... No attempts were made to appease our disappointment and their breach of promise.. . I guess if you're going to Vegas, you have to expect to be nickel and dimed ...
This review is not for the hotel rooms, even though I've been in a few of them.. . Just passing through to have a night out with friends on the strip. A buddy of a buddy was in town, so we did the strip thing. After valet'ing my car I walked through the casino, and decided I needed to have a beer. There was a bar I walked by, I think it was called the lobby bar, and asked how much a beer was. The bartender told me the prices and I opted for a Hefe in the complimentary Miller lite football glass. It was 16 oz, and I got to keep the glass for $6. Not a bad deal for the strip. Iwalked down to Bill's Gambling hall where my friends were playing cheap roullette and we had a fun night. The casino stinks like smoke, it was overpacked with a bunch of touristy idiots, and all the tables were full that were open. And there were plenty of tables not even opened, on a saturday night!! . When I walked back through to get my car, it was still packed at 1 in the morning. The valet attendants were nice, and my car came in about 4 or 5 minutes max. . 3 stars....ehh
My boyfriend and I came here with another couple for spring break.  We decided on the Flamingo mostly based on price and location--which are really the only highlights of this hotel.. . At check-in we found out that they didn't have any more GO rooms available, so we had to settle on one of their regular rooms.  I had been warned before we came to Vegas that the Flamingo rooms are pretty old and shabby, so I wasn't too surprised to see the faded carpet and chipping paint.  The room was pretty worn out, but it was still clean, so I didn't mind it so much.  Besides, it wasn't like we were going to spend much time in our rooms anyway.  We were lucky that they put us near the top floor so we had a great view.. . Except for playing a few slot machines, we never gambled at the Flamingo.  There are just better places to go nearby.  Being one of the older casinos on the strip, I think the retro atmosphere draws in an older audience (lots of grandmas hogging the Cash Spin machines), so we preferred to spend our time with a younger crowd.  While we were staying at the Flamingo, Donny and Marie were their star performers, so I think that says a lot about the clientele they attract.. . However, the Flamingo does have the best location right in the middle of the strip, just across from Caesar's Palace and just few minutes from the Bellagio and Venetian.  The casino is built up instead of sprawling out, so it's a lot quicker to walk through and it is connected to the monorail, so it's easy to get to some of the farther casinos like the MGM.. . If you want a cheap place to stay that is centrally located, and you're not planning on spending much time in your hotel, then the Flamingo should work for you.
Luxury Go room with strip view.  Dissappointed to find no bath tub. We watched peoples youtube videos of this room & saw a tub so thought we would have one.  Bell boy says only some have tubs but not all, and most dont.  I say, all rooms labelled with the same name should have the same amnetities. Oh well, we could live without the tub. . -TV didnt work, okay so they sent up a new remote. . -showerhead has to be pointed all he way to the side, if its aiming straight out, the bathroom floor will be flooded. . -bodyjets in the shower are awesome tho, & good water pressure for sure is a plus. . -sink drains very slowly so make sure you dont leave the water running too long. . -staff so far has been nice.. -We like the casino, not too crowded but not dead. Atmosphere is great. . -location is perfect.  Our view is very nice as well. . . I would say despite some of the problems we had, Id stay here again. We paid 300 for 4 nites & its worth the price so far.
Booked a last minute trip with parents and little bro and couldn't find anything reasonably priced. Flamingo was the only family friendly hotel (with a great location on the strip) that I could book so last minute and stay within my budget. Since it is an older hotel, I didn't want to take my chances and booked a GO room. It was only 16 dollars or so more (per night) and totally worth it. The GO rooms are the remodeled rooms and come with views. We had a view of the fountains/habitat area which was really pretty. The room also came with a small fridge and coffee maker. The decor is really cute. The bed posts and pink walls were my favorite part. The rest of the hotel is just so so. Not the type of hotel I would want to spend time in outside my room. The courtyard area is cute though. Has a bunch of fountains, koi pond, and a flamingo habitat area (flamingos stink when its hot out though). Food wise it's somewhat limited and boring. I'd go to the surrounding hotels for eats. Location wise, its pretty great. Right across from Caesars and walking distance to Planet Hollywood, Cosmopolitan and a few other great spots. The pool is one of the best parts about this place. It's separated into two parts. One is a family pool for kids and the other is the Go pool which is 21 and over. Lots of trees so for those of us (like me) who burn easily, its the perfect spot to lounge. It starts off slow but turns into a full blown pool party after noon. Pretty fun and the pool itself is spacious enough to where it doesn't feel like a million people are bumping into you. My only major annoyance was the customer service. It's not a hotel I'd get excited about staying in again, but not bad for a last minute option.
Went for Vinnie Favorito, seems like this place might be on the upswing.  Still is old-Strip, but not a bad place to be overall.
Flamingo Corner Bar is a great place to get a cold draft, grab a barstool, and gander at the onslaught of people cruising the boulevard. This is a favorite stop of mine when I find myself walking around the strip with no particular destination in mind. They have Leinenkugels Sunset Wheat on draft along with other Miller products but the wheat is my drink of choice. It's $4 for a 16oz. They also have a deal on pitchers but it doesn't include the sunset wheat. If your not familiar, that is a pretty good price for the strip.
The Flamingo is definitely A-OK in my book. It's definitely not the nicest hotel on the strip, but for the price you get prime location and a pretty nice pool.. . I paid $300 for three nights in a suite last weekend, seriously can't beat that price. But, it's true - the amenities are lacking. While there was lots of space in the room, the beds are meh (although very clean), the carpets are pretty dirty, the bathtub is straight outta 1981, and there's no minibar in the room.. . I've stayed in the go-rooms before, and while they are much smaller than this suite, there are definitely a nicer experience. . . The service was nice throughout though and I really really enjoy the Flamingo pool. It's adults only (except for a small, very separate pool elsewhere for kids), it's pretty huge, they play good music, and they have cheap craps tables poolside. . . Would I stay there again? ...meh, I'd probably suck it up and upgrade to a Go-Room if I did. While I don't spend a ton of time in the hotel room when I'm in Vegas, it is much nicer to have a big plush bed and a schmancy shower waiting for you when you do get back to the room.
Just got back from 5 nights covering all the NFL games on opening weekend.  I've gambled here on previous visits but this was the first time I've stayed.  It's good bang for the buck, has a nice pool (but not open after dark - WTF?) and I love the little memorial to  Bugsy Siegel.  It ought to be on the strip - the man is to Vegas what Balboa is to Mexico... for better and for worse.. . Two stars deducted for the policy (also being enforced next door at Bill's) of requiring gamers to bet the maximum on video poker to get drinks comp'ed - HELLO: IF I WANT TO BE NICKEL AND DIMED I'LL GO TO FOXWOODS.  No way to treat your customers - especially when you live in a town that's one recession away from reverting to dunes, cactus and snakes.. . Can't beat the location - why stay at Caesar's or the Bellagio when you can walk there in 5 minutes?  The only places with lower prices are ones like Circus Circus or Stratosphere where you can't walk anywhere.  The Flamingo is also surrounded by the older smaller casinos (Bill's, O'Sheas, Casino Royale, etc) that are more pedestrian-friendly if you walk on the strip.. . Oh yeah, you can do the nasty with the blinds open - the hotels across the strip are 1/4 mile away and the Flamingo windows are covered with advertising printed on perforated stuff stuck over the windows - can't take a picture out of your room, but nobody can see in either ;). . But the drinks thing stuck in my craw - all Vegas has going for it is sports betting, easy comps and network effect - every casino is sharing bettors with every other casino.  Forget the girls - Tijuana beats Pahrump, and you can phone up an escort at home.  Forget the strip clubs - I can get the same thing in Providence or Montreal for half the cost. Forget the weather - half the damn country is desert.  Forget the glamour - Manhattan, West LA and Waikiki have just as much eye candy and a lot more to do than the strip.. . Frankly, vegas has the vibe of Detroit about 1970.  Lots of alcoholics working the sports books for those drink tickets that they hand out now (which cannot be used for brand-name liquor).. . Think I'll stick with Foxwoods and the internet.  Vegas will be a ghost town in 40 years.
How can you not have a good time in Vegas? That being said, I'm giving this 3 stars for the following reasons:. Positives. - Pool.  GREAT! What an awesome pool. You don't even realize that you are on the Strip. Have a Miami Vice in the souvenir cup! . - Location. You can't beat it!. - Price.  You don't spend that much time in your room, so why spend a lot?. . Negatives. - the Wyndham timeshare people. They are AWFUL! They stand right outside the elevators and try to sell you something every time you pass by. It's really annoying. . - pillows - just bad. . - our tv remote. We called to complain with no response.
This was my first trip ever to Vegas. I recently went out there the weekend of 8/19/2011 for my wedding and I was going crazy trying to plan a wedding in 3 months and to top it off somewhere I've never been to so I have to say I was really worried how everything was going to turn out being that it was our (my husbands & I) first time in Vegas and all the reviews I was reading really didn't help much. . . After all the going back and fort on where to stay we finally decide on the flamingo mainly because our kids liked the pictures of the pool and our lil guy wanted to see flamingos and it's in the middle of the strip. We had a few people staying there lucky us my grandfather booked us a suite as a wedding gift we stayed in the Go Room Deluxe I believe it was a little over $300.00 for the weekend. We were on the 22nd floor everyone else on 12th & 14th floors. . . Soon as we got to Vegas we had problems with check-ins had to wait hours in a long line just to get our rooms my sister paid an extra 40 bucks just to get an early check-in so my grandfather would be able to get some rest. They told us our room would be ready by 1pm we didn't get in our room until 4pm that's after a few times asking if it was ready and my sister finally specking with a manager. If you ever stay at the flamingo here's my warning. Check-ins are a pain in the ass ! . . The room was really nice we had a great view of the strip we could see the belligo water show which was really nice. the bathroom was cool had two sinks one with a tv in the mirror kids loved that when the came to chill (they stayed in a separate room with my mom) ;) and frosted glass shower doors with a king bed that was comfortable the room has a plasma tv on the wall and a ipod radio/alarm clock. The walls are pink but it is the flamingo and we didn't have a problem with that as I read some reviews alot of people do. The only thing I had a problem with is the ac I think because of the big ass window and the sun beaming in it felt like the ac wasn't"t even on we had the curtain's closed thinking it would cool down the room but you had to be sitting still to feel a little cool. So other then the ac there was a few nicks here and there but there is alot of people who visit Vegas so I wouldn't"t expect everything to be perfect. . . The casino itself is nice I could do with out the smoke you walk out feeling like you smoked 100 packs and need a oxygen mask to breath this coming from a nonsmoker. The food inside and at the pool especially the pool is really good. The pool is amazing they have a kid pool with slides which my kids loved i swear they stayed in that pool allllll day. A few of us adults chilled at the 21 over pool loved it water was nice and the pool not to croweded.We chilled at the garden bar inside the flamingo its pretty cool the go-go dancers were awesome friendly and pretty had nice bodies. . . All in all being it was my first hotel stay and visit to Vegas it was nice and i would stay again.
We stayed here for the first time this past week in Las Vegas. We had a standard room, not the "Go" Room, and we were prepared for less than what we actually had. I was pleasantly surprised with the size of the room. The bed was comfortable, the decor was average. But I came in with that expectation so I wasn't let down. . . My only pet peeve is that the bathroom doesn't have a fan. This was also the case at the Monte Carlo, so I'm wondering if it's the norm? . . Only one night did we hear people outside our room. The rest of the time it was quiet.. . We love the location. Center Strip, Monorail stop, and right across the street from Caesars. You can't beat the location.. . The casino is fine. Compared to Bally's or Imperial Palace, it's a definite improvement. Of course compared to something like Wynn, Bellagio, Venetian etc it's not much. It's not horrendously smoky, but it's not as "fresh" as the aforementioned.. . Our rates were exceptional and I love that there are no resort fees. The Wildlife Habitat is a nice little place to walk through, and I love that there is an 18+ pool.. . Check in was a breeze - used the automated kiosks. There were 50 people in line for regular check-in, and no one at the kiosks. C'mon people, live a little - it's easy! Check out was also a breeze. Did the fast pass check out and just turned in the card to the check out box. . . I would absolutely stay here again.
Stayed here a couple of times. Didn't have high expectations, and it's not a luxurious hotel, so for the price and location, it's such a great deal. If you want a low key Vegas trip or know that you won't be spending much time in your room this is the place to book. The tables minimums are cheap here, and the drink service is great. My gambling spot!. . Cheap stay if you have no expectations. Rooms are kinda dirty but they try to clean it as best as they can. Rooms are old as well, if they remodeled every room, this place can have definite potential.
I checked into my room at the Flamingo and something seemed funny... just not right. The room smelled like it had OD'd on Calvin Klein CK One, and a chair was turned over in a sinister, random fashion. I advanced cautiously through the room by the variable light from the giant pink neon Flamingo sign on the wall just outside... not wanting to turn on the lights. There seemed to be someone in the bed! "Hey, wake up." I shook the unmoving form cautiously, but there was something wrong. I pulled back the covers. It was a dead guy. . . Okay, I made that up. There wasn't a dead guy in the bed... not even a mint (unless I didn't notice it), but everyone needs an exciting Las Vegas story. My entire stay was rather drab and uneventful, so I thought I'd better make something up for the benefit of the people I had to borrow money from to get back to New York. Some nagging journalistic code, however, prevents me from not coming clean... I know I should just get over it. . . The room at the Flamingo could have been a Holiday Inn just outside of Kansas City except for the view... the view, to the west, Caesar's Palace, The Palms, then mountains, was what I was paying for. They may as well not have bothered with curtains, as far as I was concerned, or a TV. The window took up the whole wall, and it was worth the price of admission, 24 hours a day. . . The rest of the hotel I could do without. Every time I walked into the lobby, whether it was midnight, daytime, or breakfast-time, Eighties rock was blasting from the sound system. I guess they know their audience, but come on, what happened to Sinatra? If I want to be constantly serenaded by the crooning of STING, I'll check into a room in HELL. . . Of course, there is also the endless drone of electronic slot machines, whether real or manufactured... and I guess nothing here is real... but anyway, that sound is ever-present everywhere in Las Vegas, and if you can't stand that sound you'll probably end up doing something inappropriate. I sort of like it, at least it occasionally distracted me from the Eighties rock. . . Anyway, I spent most of my time in Bill's Olde Time Rootin' Tootin' Gambin' Hall next door, which is a much more human scale kind of place.
This was more like your old style casino hotel. Nothing spectacular but was fairly nostalgic. Not a whole lot to say since we only played a few slots.
This was my first time to Vegas so we decided to stay right on the strip. For the price, you couldn't beat the Flamingo. . . We arrived late on a Saturday and to my surprise, the was a very short line for check-ins. We paid for the "Go" room, but for some reason they decided to upgrade us to a suite for no apparent reason; awesome! We received our keys and made our way up to our room. The room was beautiful and had a great view of the strip. One problem, it was already occupied! . . Arrive back to the check-in counter and was greeted by a different employee. We informed her of the mix up and she got to work on her computer. After a couple minutes she informs us she didn't have any more suites and we weren't even supposed to get one. Fair enough since we didn't pay for it, but she came off very rude. We received our new keys and made our way back up the elevator. . . The room itself was pretty average in size. It was the updated version so it has a flat screen TV and DVD/MP3 player with some other odds and ends. Although nothing special, I will have to say the room was extremely clean. I guess my only couple complaints were the weird sliding glass door on the bathroom and there was no fan in the bathroom. . . The Casino itself was a bit dated and didn't seem to have a lot of floor space. I guess my only complaint would be the lack of food in the casino. Their food court only had three restaurants in it and only two were open, a pizza place and Johnny Rockets. The other non-food court restaurants seemed to close their door pretty early. . . Overall, the entire hotel/casino was nice. If you are looking to stay on the strip and not break the bank, I would recommend the Flamingo. If I could, I would give it 3.5 stars.
Not nearly as run down nor outdated as I had expected. Great history nice grounds to go walk around. ADULT only pool ROCKS!
Bright light city going to send my soul going to send soul on fire. . First stop of Vegas had to check in. Heavy bag, tired and hungry. I got my total rewards card and want to play some games but I was hungry. . . Check in wasn't until 4 PM...looked at the clock, 10 AM. Groan. Check in the bag. Waited for the guy to take our bag but he had to help the "Platinum" customers...jerks. . . The hotel wasn't bad overall. It is a bit run down. The elevators are crummy and one of the elevators is missing a button for the 4th floor. We stayed at the 18th floor a great view of the Imperal Palace. Awesome. To get to the room it was a long walk to the elevators. So if you ate too much food and need to get to the room for a quick relief, well good luck if you are at the other side of the building.. . The service wasn't bad at all. The casino is really smokey. It is a older hotel but my lungs filled up quickly with smoke.. . The GF and I went to the Nathan Burton Comedy Magic show. It wasn't bad at all. For $15.00 we got front row seats to the show. Not sure how we got VIP status. Though they did lose the photos that they tried to sell us. . . Walls are thin, you can sometimes hear people argue, talk or having hot wild sex. The shower is a pressure wash, it will wash all the oil off your skin. . . Overall I thought the experience there was fine for what we paid. I probably would go back there for the price it was. It was a little crowded due to the holiday weekend but it wasn't bad.
You have to give "The Flamingo" credit for being around as long as It has and for trying to keep up with the newer chic-er hotels on the strip. It's constantly changing and being refurbished. The flamingo Is known for currently being the home for "Donny and Marie" and other little attractions such as the flamingo Habitat, Margaritaville, a Lushious pool and they're popular Paradise buffet. . . The Flamingo Is swarming with young peeps In the summer, they especially surround the pool around memorial weekend.
Stayed here two years ago. It was a nice hotel, very clean. The view from our room was really nice.  The slots were good and the buffet was okay too. The rooms were very affordable. It was a short trip, wish I could have enjoyed the hotel a bit more. I would go back though. It's right in the middle of the strip which is nice cause it's easy to get to other places by foot or by cab.
The Flamingo is almost historic. With that said I liked the Flamingo. It was a little old which made some of it feel run down compared to others out there but you just have to remember that it is older if not one of the first. My friend did not seem to enjoy its charm like I did saying it was too dirty and she will not return there. The beds were clean but like I said everything was just older. Every employee I spoke to was really nice. It is right on the strip. They have great shops inside their hotel which is nice. Plenty of parking and it is not massively huge like the other hotels. I did not get a chance to experience the pool but hopefully I will some day. The prices for per night were very reasonable especially for being on the strip. We only did a bit of gambling here because I spent most of my time in the TCBY - heck yeah. . . So if you are not all concerned about the age of the hotel or having the check in counters made out of marble and are looking for a good deal on the strip then I say give this place a try. Alot of good restaurants and gambling. Plus it is Vegas so you are never really in your hotel room to began with.
Got a good deal on our room for 3 nights. Only reason why we stayed here was because our friends were staying here. Had bed bugs on one of the queen size beds because me and a friend woke up and had bites on our legs. The bathroom was okay besides the shower area which look messed up. Probably wouldn't stay here again unless im looking for a cheap room for a weekend. Rather spend some  more money on a nicer hotel.
Stayed here for 1 night only. IMO, the rooms are a-ok for the price. I wouldn't mind staying here again. I wish the bathroom were bigger though.
Still a solid 3 out of 5. Stayed in a Go Luxury room with view - press a button to open the drapes and the view of the front of Caesars unfolds before your eyes. Empty fridge in the room to take some bottles of water stocked from the nearby CVS.. . Good part of the strip to act as a base, opposite Caesars/ Bellagio, next to Ballys/Paris, easy enough to walk to Venetian / Wynn in one direction, or Cosmopolitan / MGM in the other. We got cabs sometimes but a lot less than if we had been at one end of the strip or the other. . . Still too much BS 6:5 blackjack especially on any of the tables nearer the front of the casino where they recruit younger / more attractive dealers to sucker you in, and they have the occasional pole-dancer behind the tables with the worst odds. But they have plenty of OK (friendly but older) dealers if you are playing more $$ per hand. The range of bottled beers available at the table seems to have dropped off from last visit but maybe I'm confusing it with Ballys or one of the other ones nearby.. . Breakfast buffet had all the standard breakfast things but was pretty crappy quality for around $15-16 I think. Plenty of choice, and eat as much as you want, but when the food is no better than a typical stop on the interstate, you don't really feel the need to keep going back up for more after a couple of platefuls. Only tried it once and there was zero line at 8am the Sunday after Thanksgiving before our flight. Glad I didn't go at a busier time and wait in line - though it's a lower price, this is a level below Paris, Rio or any of the other good buffets run by the same group.. . Also, it bugs me that the Caesars/ Flamingo/ Ballys/ Paris/ Rio/ Bills/ Harrahs group proudly advertise 'never a resort fee' but to use all the amenities of the room you do need to pay a supplement - $13.99/day inroom wifi or $24.99/day hotel-wide wifi (which didn't really cover everywhere but reached a few of the bars/gaming areas). This price was supposed to be 'per device' but seems they accidentally charged us for less, so I don't need to rant quite as hard as I would have.. . Will probably be back again.
It is hard to stay at the Flamingo and not feel a bit of the history of the place. That being said, my feeling is that the Flamingo is not one of your top tier hotels but if you are there with the guys or even on business and looking for some value then I recommend the Flamingo. . . What I didn't like about the Flamingo: . . Their Poker Room- It is pretty old school and seemed to be used mostly by locals which are not normally that fun to play with.. . Their Elevators - Very slow and old.. . Their Restaurants - Nothing that really caught my eye.. . Internet - 14.99 a day (WTF?). . What I liked about the Flamingo:. . Their Location - The Flamingo is located a short walk from my favorite poker room at the Venetian and across the street from Ceasar's. I made great use of the location.. . Their Rooms- The room was very nice and even thought the decor was a little funky  thought it was very comfortable for the price. . . I think I might stay their again.
good for the price! book asap tho. we had dates in mind a couple wks prior to our visit when the price was $28/night on flamingos site but didnt.actually book until the day before we planned on coming and the price bumped up to $35. we ended up booking thru expedia and was happy to find that we got a great view of the strip! we didnt get a crap view because we booked thru a different site! . . our visit was good. sure some of the chairs in our room looked like they need to be re upholstered and the floor could use a steam clean but my main concern is clean bedding and I was happy to find stainless sheets and a variety in pillow firmness. I was a little grossed out that there were a couple clipped toenails on the bathroom floor when we arrived and the next day found them merely brushed into a corner after house keeping came by. oh btw they are unpredictable! one day they came past noon and the next they came knocking at 9:30. . . check in/check out was easy and i love that this hotel is on the small side. i didnt have to walk far to grab a bite to eat or to run to the lobby or box office. we just left yesterday and im already missing the convenience of having food and fun just a minute away.
You can tell that Flamingo was a nice hotel in its day. Still the decorations and room furnishings are nicer than you would find at similarly priced hotels (e.g. Circus Circus, Excalibur, and Harrahs.) . Service was good. Slow at check in but the staff was accommodating to my requests. Casino attracts an older demographic but you're in the middle of the strip and can navigate around the strip easily.. Complaints were that the warm water would come and go during showers and the sink wouldn't drain quickly. Overall I felt I received what I paid for and didn't mind Flamingo. Granted I didn't spend too much time inside Flamingo, basically only used it to sleep and shower.
Ask to be put in a remodeled room, otherwise RUN. The remodeled rooms are really nice and comfortable! You can tell they are trying to improve their image. The cafe is really expensive and you'll leave feeling sick. I love how they have ducks, geese, flamingos, coy and swans in the Habitat. Great place to stay if you are trying to save some bucks, but don't want to feel like you need to bathe 300 times after leaving. The walls are a little thin...just a side note :o)
I stayed here while in town for a friend's wedding. The Flamingo is in a good location on the Strip, nice and centrally located. . . We didn't plan on spending too much time in the room or at the hotel, so the Flamingo was a good choice, especially since my friend was getting married at Caesar's Palace which is across the street. The room met our purposes, as we just needed a place to sleep, but was nothing special. You could definitely tell that this was an older hotel on the Strip.. . My biggest complaint is the check in. There were two people trying to help about 50 people check in. There is an automated check-in kiosk, but it wouldn't work for our reservation. After quite a wait, the guy that eventually helped us said that was because something was improperly coded in our reservation, and he had modify it. This definitely wasn't the best way to make a good first impression.
This is meant for the Casino. Iit's decent, I like that they have some tables which are as low as $5 just because sometimes you can have "one of those days" where you just don't feel like spending money but you still want to occupy your time and practice your game.. . The staff is mostly friendly, just have to give off a friendly air and they play along. The people who go there are pretty nice as well. I've constantly taken advice on Blackjack and visa versa. . . I deducted a couple of stars because it's maintained as well as you would hope/expect. The other star is gone because although most of the staff is nice, you still have to actually TRY to be nice otherwise they'll remain cold... I find it irritating that I always have to try to show THEM a good time when it should be the other way around.
Hubby got comped rooms. But we decided to pay extra $10 a night to upgrade to the GO rooms that is recently renovated. The bathroom is up to date with a tub and shower. We got a double bed room. Apparently the old rooms didn't have the coffee maker and ridge, which is one of the main reasons why we upgraded since we had our little girls with us. Our room over looked the strip, and the biggest highlight was.... It was facing the water show at the Bellagio!!! Got to see the water show for only $10/night extra compare to the $300+ / night in the other hotels! . . Cons:: very small room. And the carpets look and probably is dirty. Guess they didn't change the carpet during the renovation.. . Still a very old hotel do can't really blame them with the old outdated rooms and hallways.
Service is okay, probably because we checked in NYE weekend. We got a pretty good deal on the room by purchasing through www.LasVegas.com and buying www.LasVegas.com gift cards for a discounted price at Costco.. . We booked 2 queen beds, but ended up with 1 king size bed. Called for a room change, but they were all full, so to compensate for their mistake, the front desk lady promised us a room change between the hours of 11-1 pm the next day, and they brought in a complimentary pull out bed for the first night, that was springy and very uncomfortable.. . There was construction going on in the morning after our first night in Vegas. So I called the front desk to have a room change at an earlier time. Turns out the woman we spoke to the night before did NOT make note of the arrangement and there were no rooms available. The new lady offered us $30 of food and drink.. I obviously refused, especially because there was CONSTRUCTION going on next door. Spoke to the manager, and she agreed to the room change.. . Tip: If you're a group of young girls, DON'T GET TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF! Don't be afraid to demand what you deserve! The flamingo is great because it's in the middle of the strip and close by to a lot of great hotels. Affordable for Vegas, so I'd definitely come again. I would have given it 5 stars if we weren't jibbed from the beginning. I hate it when hotels and restaurants try to take advantage of young people.
Positives:. . GREAT location.. Nice room for the price. Clean and comfy rooms/beds (even though they are small!!). . Negatives:. . Rude/Not helpful workers. Full valet...had to park ourselves and walk far. Long wait to check-in. Lots of old people (me and my friends are in our 20's and didnt know this). . . I wouldn't stay there again unless I was super broke. It wasn't worth the bad customer service we experienced. I know other hotels with the same good location for just a LITTLE bit more and a better experience.
We stayed here for my girlfriends bachelorette in 2004.  Rooms were clean, bed was comfy. Pool area was nice.  Hardly in the room anyways so basically not much negative to say about it. Price was decent.  We all enjoyed our stay here being it was the best location on the strip.
I reserved the Deluxe Room with King Bed for my stay during Rock 'n Roll Las Vegas Half Marathon weekend in December 2011. The reason I chose Flamingo was because I stayed there back in 2009 but it was in a Go Room, and I had fond memories. I also chose Flamingo for the location in proximity to the race start line, monorail, and the price. . ---. I arrived around 10 am on Saturday morning the day before the race but was told I couldn't check in early unless I wanted to pay extra. This was not my experience in the past and I stayed at Harrah's earlier in 2011 and I was given a room well in advance of normal check in time and without having to pay an extra fee. Each time I have visited Vegas, I was able to check in at various hotels I've stayed in much earlier than check in time (given room availability - always a yes) and without an extra fee. My plan was to check in, catch up on some sleep, and then go to the race expo. I understand they may not have had room availability at that time in the morning, but the extra fee was a turn off. I was told I could check back at 1pm and was given the floor number my room would be on. I opted tocheck my bags (tipped bell service to check my bag in) and enjoy Vegas and go to the expo earlier. The Sands Expo Center is at a walkable distance and leg sparing for race day (or night in this case). I returned around 4pm and was given my room key and finally made it to my room. I do love the bell service. After you check you bags, you are given the phone number to call from your room and your claim ticket number for bell service to deliver your bags to your room. The gentleman who brought my bags up was great. He oriented me to the floor (ice machine, elevators, vending, etc) and asked if I had any questions. (This is a good opportunity to tip for service.) . --- . Beautiful big room and comfy King bed for a solo traveler but I did notice a big pink stain in the middle of the floor. I did not walk bare foot in this room. I kept my socks on and I had extra socks with me. I did go downstairs to the Go Sexy Shop (I highly recommend visiting - very fun shop and staff) and bought cute leopard print folding slippers to wear, too. Floor gave me the impression it wasn't clean, but it could be just because of the odd big pink stain on the floor. Who knows what that stain was??? On more positive points, all the basic amenities are there for your comfort including toiletries and plenty of towels. I loved the big picture window/wall of windows and the view of the other hotels during the day and night. Very comfy sitting area between the bed and the window, obvious vacuum marks on furniture which is nice to see, floor was quiet for the most part, be sure to put in your "Do Not Disturb" sign in your door if you want to sleep in. You can find it in your bedside table and insert in key slot. I didn't have one in my room but I called down and one was placed in the key slot of my room soon after. I was doing a night race, so I wanted as much sleep as possible! . ---. On one of the mornings I heard the bulldozers going around 7am - no joke, I looked at the clock. First I thought it was the flamingos squawking but it was the scraping of the bulldozers below working on the new location of the soon to open Carlos 'n Charlies from what I heard. :) . ---. Overall, pretty good stay but could've been more comfortable. I definitely got what I paid for instead of getting more than expected for such a great rate. Oh well, I highly recommend you upgrade to a Go Room, it's more updated, comfortable, but not necessarily cleaner from the last time I stayed in a Go Room. Very nice, though. Access to the monorail is a real asset. Buy your ticket at the kiosk in the lobby or at the station entrance. You can also get a pass online to redeem at the counter. Be sure to buy a 24 hour pass even if you think you'll only use it once or twice. It will come in handy and save your legs - especially if sore after a race or a day of walking. Taking the monorail will take you to the back of the hotels, but you get to explore the shops in the areas and there are plenty of signs and people to direct you to the entrance/The Strip. . ---. Better yet, after the fiasco at the Rock 'n Roll event last year, stay within close walking distance to the start/finish line. You'll be glad you don't have to be in traffic, deal with crowds or lines for a long period of time, or anything. Get into that ice bath asap! :) Whether you are in Vegas for a race, event, or just enjoyment, upgrade to a Go Room if you stay at the Flamingo. I heard they renovated or are renovating rooms, so I hope you get a good room. I love you Vegas and I'll be back but not likely to Flamingo.
Went there for craps and stuff, nothing fancy.  Just a regular casino with regular games.  It was a while ago and I don't remember what I actually did there, so that just shows you how regular and normal it was....
Spent 4 nights in the newly renovated FAB room @ Flamingo over Presidents Day weekend. . Pros: Adequate for the price but hotel shows it age. Centrally located on strip.. Cons: Since the floors are simulated wood, you can hear people above you walking around. The windows are not very sound proof cause we heard airport departures most of the day. Buffet is the worst.!
We stayed here last month and had a pretty good time.  We chose this hotel because it was close to where our friends were staying, but at half the price.  This is a great location on the strip, almost right in the middle of it all.  I have always heard about the Flamingo, and decided to give it a shot.  I've grown to understand you don't stay in Vegas for the hotel room, cause you're not in it very often.  I will say this, the bathroom is very small, so if you're with a couple girls, it may be kind of hard for them all to get ready at the same time.  We stayed in the standard room, so the price was really nice, which made me feel pretty good about it being mediocre.  We actually ended up staying one more day than we had planned, however we switched hotels.  I would definitely recommend this to college kids on a budget or someone else who enjoys spending most their time outside the room in Vegas.
This is an older hotel. The filtration isn't great so the smell of smoke is all around you. For the price, it is great. The location is really wonderful. Across from Caesar's, just down from Bellagio, Paris and Planet Hollywood, Mirage, etc. . . The buffet was just okay. They have decent sized gift shop with a great "grocery" section. It connects to Margarita-ville as well. The pool is beautiful. My friend got married in front of the waterfalls so I got to check out the pool area and it is really nice. Large, lots of deck space and they have some private bed type cabanas. . . The rooms were standard. Nothing special but not horrible. The bed was comfortable but the tv had really bad reception. If you can, use the Executive Shuttle to and from the airport. It was only $7 pp, one way compared to the $17.70 I paid for a taxi one way. . . If you are into buffet's, get the 24 hour pass. You can visit 6 buffet's in 24 hours. They must have messed up because we started our 24 hours Friday at 7pm and were still able to use it Sunday at 7 pm. Not complaining!
The Flamingo is what it is:  one of the original strip hotels trying to keep up with the never ending crop of new, ultra-modern hotels.  The flamingo succeeds on some levels:  full amenities, clean rooms, recent redesign.  It mostly fails though.   Service is poor, casino floor is dingy, the rooms are not up to par with neighboring hotels, and dining/nigh life offerings are poor.  Margaritaville is a nice try, but it comes off as dated and cheesy.  . Flamingo is centrally located though and the rooms are nice.  The value is high too (relatively cheap).  Not a bad choice and MUCH better than the Imperial Dungeon.
Stayed at The Flamingo Last weekend and upgraded to the "Fab-Room." Okay, Prob still better than a standard or deluxe room. but not as flashy as the "Go-Rooms." . . Hardwoord floor (laminate) through out. and the Bathroom was a litte more spacious. Nothing to brag about really. Flat screen TV maybe a 32 inch? and we didnt get a couch, we got an arm chair. The Go Rooms and the Mini Suite both had a couch. good thing we only had 4 people! . . I would say it's worth the upgrade but the Go Room is Much better.
For what we paid I am satisfied but would stay some place nicer next time. Most of the staff was friendly. We asked for double beds but got a king size bed and they wouldn't let us switch, even when my bffl called and told them we weren't prepared to spend an intimate evening together. The rooms are a little tacky, I felt like a hooker was going to knock on our door a any moment. Also, the bathroom was a sliding door and it didn't have a lock and you could see the silhouette of the person in the bathroom.
I'll be honest, if I could have afforded a room at the Wynn, Bellagio, The Palazzo or The Venetian I would have been laying my head there at night after my long days of eating, walking, shopping and eating some more while I was in LV. . . Because I was on a budget (I wanted to spend all my money on food) on my most recent trip to Vegas I decided to find the best hotel deal while still being in the middle of all the action. After lots of searching, Flamingo provided my wife and I the best deal.. . We checked in on a Wednesday evening and checked out on a Sunday. For all those days in one of their Fab Deluxe rooms with hardwood floors, a king size bed with an extra soft pillow top and a HD flat screen TV, it only cost us around $340 or so. Not a bad deal at all considering it was the week of Valentine's Day. I wasn't too happy about the $14 a day charge for the wi-fi and the fact that our room didn't have a fridge but I got over it pretty quickly. . . Even though this Hotel is not as fancy as some of the others, I really enjoyed my stay here. All the employees I encountered were super friendly. The Flamingo is pretty much in the center of the strip so everything is just a hop, skip and a jump away. I would definitely stay here again.
The Flamingo is a decent older casino! They are always upgrading some piece of it and seem to be getting it right for most part!  If the food was better this is an easy 4 stars because of the incredible location on the strip and the value....but I will be honest...the food SUCKS!!!  Stay here cheap and eat somewhere else is my recommendation. . . The rooms: Many have been upgraded but the bathrooms seem to be off the remodel list!  It takes 15 minutes for hot water to come out, even after they fixed it!! And those shower heads, oh my , 1970's originals! My GO room though was nice inside .. I liked the look and the view from the 19th floor!  Wood  floors , very clean, Ipod hookup. Be warned though the walls are paper thin. I could hear the  old couple next to me farting as they arose at 6:15am. I actually thought they were even showering in my room!! If your gonna have a sexual adventure, just know that every room around you may be hearing the fun! Families with kids, or friends looking to party before bed, same problem. . . The Flamingo pool is really great! With flamingos even included! Waterfalls, slides, palm trees, its very nice! Totally love it! . . The shopping in casino is limited. The sportsbook is fine. This is either a warning or good news for some of those out there, but hookers seemed to be plentiful around the bars located throughout property, the solicitations can get annoying. Couple of guys were even followed to room elevators. It is Vegas.  . . The casino itself seems to always be busy! I really enjoy the craps tables and the personnel in charge of them! They are always a blast!! They have a nice high roller area, lots of slots, and the drink ladies are always around! Table limits are very reasonable at the Flamingo. The Flamingo's air filteration system does not throw out nice smelling fragrance like Aria, you are gonna smell smoke! The doors are always open at the entrance to casino on the Bills Casino side, and enjoy the beautiful Black Jack  dealers that await you!. . The food! AVOID!! The fast food area.....ughghhhghgh......The buffets....honestly the worst..The steakhouse, why call it that?  ...anyway I think you get the point! Praying that the new Carlos and Charlies thats opening soon is a huge success with good food!!! . . NOW an important hint when checking in. When checking into the Flamingo the lines at all hours of the day are quite large. I find them the worst in Vegas. Not sure why , but it has always been this way for years and years. New though!! And this is huge!! If you are a Total Rewards member, you can bypass the check in line and go to  the new kiosks located to the right of check in desk. Have your id, your cc, your rewards card ready. I checked in within 3 minutes! It even prints your room cards for you!!!  Its $14 if you want internet/per day at the Flamingo.. . Enjoy the Flamingos location , cheap rooms, and pool!!  Good luck!
My friend and I spent last weekend in Vegas, at the Flamingo.  Our "upgraded" room wasn't nearly as nice as I expected...yes, it looked like the picture, but the materials used were cheaper than they appeared, and the furniture was scuffed.  . . The bed was too stiff, and so were we when we got up each morning.  Pillows were also too hard and stuffed.  . . Parking was also difficult when we left on Saturday for a few hours and had to drive around the parking structure several times to find a spot.  Even Valet parking was full.. . I did NOT appreciate having my cell phone's internet BLOCKED while inside the hotel, either.  They probably do that so they can get you to pay for Wi-Fi.  Other casinos didn't block my access while I was inside gambling, but I had to go outside or off property to look up directions or get to Facebook.  No bueno!. . It wasn't a bad experience, but I think we could have done better for the price.
I just got back from Vegas yesterday afternoon, We stayed at The Flamingo for 4 days and 3 nights. Our room was nice, there was no real comforter or heavy blanket on the bed, just a fuzzy pink bacon strip that went along the bottom of the bed. . Our room was only cleaned once, but that was our fault due to forgetting to take down our "do not disturb" sign. They even called asking why we haven't let anyone in to clean. . One night I noticed our remote had no batteries, so i called the front desk and they brought a new remote all together.. Our room was #9133 and the ENTIRE time we heard constant water running in between the walls, like we must have heard every time any on on our floor flushed their toilet.  We thought about switching rooms but, decided we were too hungover to care.. The showers got nice and hot, but there was no fan in the bathroom. . Our view was cool, we got to see the court yard with all the pretty  flamingos outside. . . also some construction work.. . The pizza spots in the Flamingo were pretty good. The one inside the actually food court was pretty bomb! and cheap! drinks ran pricey. spent 23$ on 2 vodka sodas and 1 whiskey coke. . The pool was too packed to enjoy so we used the pool at Harrah's.
Location, .Location, Location. I stayed for 3 nights with two girlfriends and we had a blast. The room was nice, clean, and the my favorite part: Affordable. It is in the middle of the strip right next to all the big casinos. I'm personally not the type of person that stays in a hotel for the majority of my vacation. So this place fit all my needs. I would gamble and eat elsewhere, but if you just need a place to crash this is the place to stay.
Vinnie Favorito!. . Did not stay here but came here for my very first comedy show and they happen to be free tickets* (I'll explain later) we received for attending one of those timeshare hard sell things. Vinnie put out a good show if you like lots of swearing and picks on every nationality, preference, category there is. There is participation from the audience. In our show he picked on the Blacks, Whites, Mexicans, Asians, Jews, Europeans, American Indians... the President, military, service workers - firefighters, cops... students, men, women, old, young... pretty much everyone. He's got a good memory and will pick you out from the audience especially if you're in the front section. . . * The tickets were given to us free but you have to pay for two drinks.. So a small bottle of water and a glass of soda (Sprite) came out to $31. That was the sucky part :(
Dear Flamingo - . . Thank you for being so good to me during my stay in Las Vegas. I stayed on the 16th floor in a pretty standard room (ie: there was no bizarre white patent leather headboard...thank goodness). My view was a.ma.zing. We overlooked the Bellagio fountains - what?! Trip - complete.. . But really - This hotel has a bumping casino, multiple places to eat (umm the buffet options are reason enough to stay here), a great location (practically in the middle of the strip). It's not the prettiest hotel by any means - but it does have history - which should count for something in a city where things get ripped down/replaced pretty easily.  Oh - and none of my friends staying at Mandalay Bay could claim that they had Donnie & Marie airbrushed onto the side of their hotel...I know they were jealous.. . Many thanks - and see you next time.
Definitely not the most upscale or fanciest hotel on the strip... it's actually one of the older ones! However, we booked a day before check in and found a great deal for one-night... $40!! The room was adequate for our stay and their customer service was nice. Out TV wasn't working so they comp'd our internet service for our stay.. . Great location, nice rooms and reasonable prices.. no complaints here.
We booked the renovated Go Room and it was better than we expected.  The decor was modern and had a  Denon hi-fi system in the room!  Bathroom had a bathtub and a shower.  Reasonably clean.  I wasn't too crazy about the strange smell in the casino (felt like bathroom air freshener!), but hey with the price and its unbeatable central location, it was a good deal!  Plus you're in Vegas, you wouldn't want to just stay in your room or your own hotel!
Stayed 5 days at the Flamingo with a friend in a luxury GO room with view on the strip. As described, the room was renovated, and the view of the strip was amazing. Good: swimming pool is one of the best in vegas, cheap gym (took 3 day pass), many "fast" restaurant, middle of the action. Bad: carpet dirty on my floor, bad decoration in my room (i understand that it is flamingo and it is supposed to be kitsch but that wallpaper was just too ugly and didnt really match with the rest), kinda expensive for what we got.
I asked for a smoking room when I booked my reservation. Yet, a smoking room was not available when I checked in, which is weird because I thought the whole point of making reservations for a particular room was so it would be RESERVED particularly for me! Luckily I didn't go all Seinfeld on her and just took my non-smoking room with an artificial smile that wasn't fooling anyone.. . Aside from that little mishap:. +Super cute Go Rooms :) . +Express Check-out by phone is convenient . -Bathtub in Go Rooms too small. -Check-in lines are ridiculous. -No "Do Not Disturb" placards for the door, thus, in the morning, I was disturbed. grrrr
Always fun in the casino, the history of this place is so special it's hard not to have fun
The overall of this hotel was wonderful.  There is live flamingos outside the garden.   It was lovely staying here for my 30th birthday. But one thing,  I am not happy about is the beauty salon downstairs. They charged an arm and a leg for a fill and pedi, well as back home,  I pay half a price. This lady DOES NOT know how to do nail,  paint,  put ayrilc and it chipped the next day. Never ever ever in my life or anybody's life should we goback there. Horrible service with beauty salon.
The general feel of the place is consistent: Nice, classy, but a bit outdated. The hotel is fine for what it is; I stayed in a Fab Deluxe room, which was pretty basic. We had a view of Flamingo Road, which included Bally's, Bill's, and a few other Strip resorts.. . The location is very good, as you're within walking distance of a bunch of places and there's a monorail station out back. The negatives are that the walls aren't very thick in the rooms (good luck sleeping through a weekend night without hearing people stagger down the hallways!), and the amenities are a bit limited. No, there aren't resort fees, but $14/day for Internet is steep.. . I like this place. The location's a plus, and it's a fun casino to gamble in. It's just unfortunate that it's showing its age a bit.
I had a mostly good experience, but turned into a mixed bag by a couple things.. . So I had to go to Vegas for work. Our convention was at Caesars. Obviously a great place, but after research, the Flamingo across the street was about $600 cheaper for 4 nights - worth it in my book! A+ for pricing!. . I dont gamble much (and was working), so cant comment o much on the casino part - but the fact at night, a lot of their dealers are dressed from their burlesque show in very sexy and provocative outfits - A+!. . The pool - very nice. a little loud on the (seemingly) constant Ke$ha playlist, but reasonably priced drinks, great scenery and a relaxing atmosphere . . The guest rooms - I liked them! a white/pink/steel motif. Very modern. Opaque glass sliding doors to the bathroom. a huge shower with jets that come out of the wall. Speakers in teh celing so you can lsiten to music or TV while you are getting ready... . . and speaking of TV, in addition tot he 42" plasma in the main room, there was one built into the mirror in the bathroom. kinda cool. Got to watch the US open while shaving!. . And the beds were SUPER comfortable. . So you are probably wondering, with all these great things, why only 3 stars?. . Well, my room was not visited by housekeeping till the third day I was there (and only after I asked). A little disappointing. . Also , I requested a king bed and got two doubles (which proved to be ok, since my bed was never made up by housekeeping!). can I make my own bed? Yes, do I need fresh towels? no. But this is part of being at a hotel, getting pampered a bit. . I guess it goes intot he 'get what you pay for" colum as well. . wasnt quite as nice as othe rplaces, but a lot less expensive. . if you have a budget trip to Vegas, definitely check them out. !
I'm not a gambler or a club-goer so my feelings about places in Vegas may differ than other reviewers.  I'm tempted to knock a star off of every Vegas review just for being in Vegas.  That said, I thought that the Flamingo was decent.  . . Pros: . - Comfy beds. - Winding pool with waterfalls, lots of beach chairs,  a kid area, and several bars.. - Location - totally central on the strip, near Caesar's Palace, Paris and the Bellagio (among many others).  It's a more affordable option than the other hotels in that area.. . Cons:. -The place seemed pretty dirty.  There were food scraps scattered about the hallways, stains all over the carpets, and just a general grimy feel about it.. -We had technical issues with the TV in our room and had to call down several times to get it fixed (Don't have TV at home so we were super excited to indulge in it); . -Requested a king bed, received a room with two queen beds instead. . One thing that saved us a lot of time was using the kiosks to check in.  The lines to do so with an actual staff member were ridiculous.  The kiosks took about a minute and were nearly empty.  I'm not sure why people weren't using them, but I am assuming they just didn't realize they were an option.
The rooms were clean and recently remodeled. The pool was fun and super busy. The check in line took about 20 minutes. Because this is an older casino the floor does have that stale smoke smell about it that I did not get in the other casinos. The rooms we stayed in were not smelly at all (non-smoking).
The reason to stay at the Flamingo is for the location and the cheap rooms.  The rooms are not great, the service is pretty poor, and getting what you want requires some work.  If you begin your stay with this in mind, you can make the most of your time.  . . First, go for the room upgrade.  Do not stay in the "FAB" rooms, they are far from it.  Instead opt for the "GO" rooms.  I was able to use the "sandwich" to upgrade my room.  Here you place a $20 in between your ID and credit card and ask the individual at the front desk if there are any courtesy upgrades.  Sometimes they bite, and sometimes they don't.  If they don't bite, ask if they can come down at all on the price of the upgrade and they usually will.  Either way, don't stay in a FAB room.. . Second, the pool requires some maneuvering.   There are two pools, located near each other.  One pool is family friendly.  I did not go to this pool so I cannot say much about it.  The other pool is 21 and over.  Starting at 7:00 AM there will be a line to enter this pool.  They check your ID, and sometimes your room key (seems like on the weekend is the only time they check the room key).  You get a wrist band that is good for all day, and they check your bag for any alcohol or food which are both prohibited since they want you to purchase your food and alcohol from the vendor at the pool.  While I was there, I entered the pool around 8:00 and was able to find a chair with some effort.  I then placed a towel and a t-shirt on the chairs to save my spot and then went back to my room to start my day.  I was able to come back to my place later on.  There are not nearly enough chairs for all of the people at the pool, so you have to save a spot early if you want one.  There are also day beds and cabanas available.  The day beds go for $120 and includes 2 drinks during weekdays, and $220 for weekends.  I did not ask about cabanas because the day bed price was already higher than I was willing to pay.  . . The pool plays club/hip hop music all day, they do a "bootie-shaking" contest around 3:00 daily, and there are a few gambling tables.  The alcohol specials seems to consistently be a bucket of beer (six) for $25, or (12) for $48.  Even though this may seem to be for people only 21-35, I saw people of all ages everyday I was there.  The majority of the people there are not your crust of society, so if you prefer to be around a higher-class clientele, you may want to check out another pool.  Flamingo is partnered with Ballys and Ceasars and you can utilize some of those resort amenities for a discounted price.  . . Third, customer service is practically non-existent.  You will wait and the employees will be rude and that is the status quo.  Check in and out are both nightmarish because of ridiculously long lines.  I suggest checking in at an odd hour (I did an 8:00 PM check in to avoid lines), and I suggest settling your bill before hand and checking out by calling the front desk at 11:00 AM and leaving the keys in your room.  . . If you need anything during your stay, do not expect to get it.  Extra towels?  Go find a cart and steal them.  Need help using the ipod dock?  Forget it.  Nothing will be delivered to your room, and no one will be able to answer your questions.  In addition, they will probably be rude that you even asked a question to begin with.  Save yourself the disappointment and stress and just figure it out yourself.  . . The upside of the Flamingo is the location.  It is directly across the street from Ceasar's and generally in the middle of the strip.  Also, it has a monorail stop.  The monorail runs on one side of the strip and is great for getting around.  It is $5 for one trip, or $12 for the day.  Being centrally located, and having the monorail is very convenient and probably the main selling point of the Flamingo.
Just pulled up to the Vegas Strip! To park at the hotel we had to show a confirmation number or a room key(but we just got here???).  Thank goodness for iPhones.  Most people here were not in my age group but still fun none the less.  . . Casino could you a little fixer upper.  Not nearly as nice as the other casinos but it was 110 degrees outside so all I cared about was air conditioning.. . The room was pretty nice.  I don't know how the beds were since I was the one shunned to the floor for the weekend since all my buddies grabbed it.  The rug did feel really comfortable when I blacked out on it for an hour or two.   . . Decently priced and far nicer than IP.  Smack in the middle of The Strip so it was really convenient to walk everywhere.  Would stay here again for sure.. . Heads Up: Don't eat at the food court.  That was some nasty food.  I mean I was really intoxicated and I thought it was bad so it must have been terrible.
Great rooms for a great price! We were in the rooms near the Habitat elevator, which had been renovated. The hardwood floors were really nice. There were also a lot of elevators, which meant that we were never waiting long. . . The Go Pool is 21+, which was a very nice surprise. There were ample lounge chairs and plenty of space in the pool and no line at the bar. :) The cabanas seemed a little less than luxurious, but I think everyone knew that already, since they were mostly empty. . . The buffet was pretty good, especially the taquitos. I ate several . I also enjoyed the taco bar, with tons of salsas and toppings, chocolate fountain and dessert bar. Lots of yumminess to choose from. . . My one complaint is that housekeeping seemed a bit slow. We requested extra towels that took several hours to arrive and I passed by someone's room service tray in the hallway for a good 36 hours. Seriously, couldn't that have been cleaned up??. . Other than that, this place fit our needs perfectly. The location was awesome and the price was just right.
The Flamingo has a central location at a great price. The pool is awesome. We were given a free upgrade to one of the junior suites on the 23rd floor. Great view. On the negative side, room service was pretty bad on both nights that we ordered. And I hate paying a $5 service charge on top of the incredibly inflated menu prices. The full-length mirror was in the hall for some reason, with no lights nearby. Overall, we were happy with our stay.
Casino Review:. . The Flamingo has a huge casino area and it can be very confusing if you make the wrong turn. We came here to have dinner and see the George Wallace show. The casino has an overwhelming number of slot machines and not too many tables for gambling.
For the price, we stayed here one night on our way back to Vegas from Utah parks, having stayed at the Mirage for our main Vegas vacation time. . . We parked and walked to the lobby... whew! Long walk. It was busy but we got to the front quickly. We got a room on the 17th floor and facing the strip (Caesar's). I was really impressed by the room. We had a standard room (not a GO room) with 2 beds, and it was very spacious. The floors were not carpeted and it had a rug and cute spreads on the beds. The bathroom was nice too, and had pink toiletries! . . The bed was really comfy.. til... I heard BUMP BUMP BUMP.. constantly. Bass. From the 17th floor, I was unable to sleep from the music coming from a club, across the street. I couldn't believe itwas that loud. Unbelievable! It didn't stop until after 2am.. . The habitat is cool and I liked seeing the flamingos! The pool areas are pretty awesome too. I love that they have a 21+ pool that doesn't cost for guests. . . I really loved the location of the Flamingo, as we could walk to nice restaurants, the Bellagio, etc. I just wouldn't stay here again unless I was assured that I wasn't on that side of the hotel with the bass.
We chose this hotel specifically because of the rave reviews (not on yelp) about the pool. Supposedly one of the best pool in Vegas. Unfortunately the pool is being reviewed by those over 21. The bigger, nicer pool is reserved for those over 21. So families with children, look for another option if the pool is your draw to this hotel.
First time staying here, excellent deal, I would love a few more amenities . We got two rooms with a connecting door and one room had an ice bucket while the other didn't, one room had more pillows than the other but it was still a great place to stay for the price we paid !
Love The Pink Chicken . re done rooms are nice.Great location , Good poker Room, nice dealers . Love the new Margaritaville casino.. . . only bad thing is the GO Pool. It should be in a trailer park, wall to wall drunk  white trash , beer cans and trash in the pool. couldn't wait to get back to my room to shower off filth . - 2 stars. will be back next month and will crash pool at Wynn or caesers
I stayed in one of the Go-Deluxe Room, Pretty nice but my TV Remote in the bathroom was missing the battery cover but nothing major.  The pool was very nice and clean. The only complaint i have is i bought coffee/ food from the lobby and when i brought it to the pool they didn't allow it because they wanted you to buy it inside. I wish i knew that before i bought the coffee/Food!! They should allow drinks/food if i bought it from the same Hotel or at least notify people with a sign in the rooms or something. Anyways, they need to figure out a system for that.
So me just get this out there -- I'm a hotel snob.  I like a little luxury when I travel, and so I'm not typically booking the bargain rates.  However, on a short notice trip to Vegas, we decided to give the Flamingo a try.   They were conveniently located to all the spots we wanted to visit and the price was right.  Plus, the photos of the GO rooms on the website looked modern and fun!. . Flamingo is not a new hotel, and overall the place does show a little wear here & there.  But the room was pretty much as pictured.  Unfortunately, little things sort of rubbed us wrong (like the snazzy ipod docking radio they had didn't work) but overall, it didn't feel like we were slumming it.  It sort of has a weird layout that you'll either love or hate (like glass sliding bathroom doors) but overall we liked it.   Plus our view just happened to be of Bellagio and those dancing fountains, so that made up for a lot. Also, the pool was really awesome.  Tons of chairs to lounge on if you get there early enough, lots of bars, good music and beautiful trees and waterfalls all around.  . . Overall, we will still shop around when it comes to Vegas lodging, but I'd definitely try the Flamingo again.
Needs work. It's a Work in Progress, and some of the rooms are ready and some....not even close. Too bad that they are not forthcoming about their status. In fact, Flamingo touts that they are newly Remodeled. . . Start with just getting in the Building, and you will either work up quite an appetite, or quite an appreciation for a well-organized entrance. Which the Flamingo doesn't have. They moved it. The fabled birds are more secluded (which is a good thin). Yet, whether you Valet, or schlepp to Self-Park, it's confusing and takes longer than you'd imagine to park and get to the Front Desk.. . At Check-In, which should be easier with the Kiosks -- except the Computerized Kiosks don't seem to recognize all reservations, you have the pleasure of slogging down to the Byzantine line of Those Who Wait to Check In. (Ever seen the movie, 'Brazil'?). . After spending an hour on the phone the day before with Reservations, we were set for a certain type of room.  When I got to the speak to a Front Desk Representative, they had good news and bad news. The type of room we booked 'was sold out.' But she was going to upgrade us to a delightful Suite. Top Floor. 28.. . As we approached the big door, I got a funny feeling. The clerk said it was about twice the size of the room we had booked. But this looked biiiig by the double doors. I thought, 'as long as there's no tiger or Mike Tyson, I'll be happy.'  Well. That's about all that WASN'T in this suite. It was  beat up bad, maybe by Mike Tyson. Scratched floors, and furniture circa 1979, maybe 1984. 3 Bathrooms, a giant living room and a far off bedroom. This would be the perfect place to stay for either A) A fraternity party or B) Someone who really didn't want to spend much together time with. Took some pictures of this place. . . After a phone call to Front Desk, we got moved to the 20th floor. A smaller, cleaner, more renovated room. Kinda like the room we originally had booked..... . The bathroom still needed an upgrade, as the shower was pretty old. . . The pool party on Friday afternoon resembled a sardine can. OK, maybe if I was 23 it wouldn't  matter, but, I dunno.. . OK, the Bright Spots: The Birds, as you walk through the first floor outdoor grounds, are Amazing. The cute Chapel of Love is worth a look as well, even if you're 'just browsing.' Adjacent to that is a way-cool statue and history of Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel. The plaque will tell you the history of ownership of The Flamingo, including its first owner, Bugsy.. . I'd like to come back here in several months and see what's doing. There's much to like here -- and yet there's still many things left undone to qualify for a completed renovation.  I'm betting they can make it happen.
Nice enough, but older hotel.  I feel that sometimes you can find a slightly nicer place for the same price.  Great Location; Great Staff; lots of extras at the resort to take advantage of.  I would go back.
I just returned from a three day stay at the Flamingo.  Overall the price and central location in the middle of the strip makes it a great value for the money.   A few observations on my most recent trip.  . . 1. Pool - The main reason I stayed here is because of the pool party and once again it did not disappoint.  The pool is beautiful.  Get there early in the summer months because the chairs fill up quick.  Depending on the time of year you'll get a slightly different crowd.  Way more college students in the June-August time period.  There always seems to be a good mix of people here and the people watching is great.  The staff working the pool area has been great every time I've been there. . . 2. Casino - its an old casino.  Other than the pink decorative cues here and there it pretty much looks like any of the other low-mid budget resorts on the strip.   It tends to be an older clientele.  If you want to go somewhere that feels less like a retirement home you're a short walk to nearly all of the newer casinos on the strip.. . 3. The food here sucks.  By far the worst is the Center Cut Steakhouse.  Pricing is on par with Mortons or Capital Grill.  I got the "Center Cut" NY Strip.  The cut of meat I got was extremely tough and overcooked.  The person I was with got a Filet and it was similarly bad.  For a ~$45 steak I'd expect a lot better.  Sides are ala carte.  We got a potato and vegetable based side and both seemed to be seasoned with a big pile of salt and their homemade popovers were so undercooked it was like eating bread dough.   . . Carlos and Charlies wasn't good either.  The food court is mediocre even by foodcourt standards.   The buffet was ok but nothing spectacular.  I haven't eaten at the other restaurants in the resort but given they're track record at the ones I have eaten at I'd go somewhere else.  If you must eat here, get the buffet.. . 4. Rooms and Decor - The decor in the casino is fine for an old hotel.  The decor in the actual room areas is kind of junky especially in the tower that runs parallel to Imperial Palace.  The carpet in the hallway was filthy and the carpentry work on the hallway walls was pretty shoddy.  Empty pizza boxes and room service trays sat in the hall way for most of the day.  In the room, there is cheap faux hard wood floors and two of my electrical outlets did not work.  The suites look like they haven't been updated since the mid 80s. . . Overall despite the many negative comments, I'd still stay here again. The pool party makes it worth while (this effect is negated in the Nov-April months).  Plus for the price and the location so close to most of the newer resorts you can't beat it.  Afterall, you probably won't spend much time in your room anyway.
Not my favorite hotel on the strip.  I've stayed here a couple of times and the hotel definitely is in need of renovation.  They've modernized a section of the hotel with Hipper linens and decor, but the room is still the same.  Old.  But since it's comped, I can't really complain.  How much time does a person spend in their room in Vegas anyways?!. . Gambling here has been hit and miss.  There are times when I've had a blast (aka winning money) and other times where I wish I never hit the casino in the first place!  But I do like the dealers and crowd here for the most part.  I wish the casino served grey goose since a lot of other casinos do and I play the same min on the tables, but for acouple of drinks, Flamingo will do.  If fully comped, I'd stay and gamble here again!
This place was okay.  We got a king room here because the other nearby hotels were either sold out of ridiculous.  I was surprised to see a hardwood-esque floor in there, which I actually liked since hotel carpet tends to smell.. . This being Vegas, we didn't stay in our room much except to crash and shower, but it did have a nice flat-screen TV and nice firm mattress, just the way I like it.  There is also express checkout, and you can even check in from a kiosk downstairs.. . Minus points for: below-average (for Vegas) lobby area, long front desk lines, thin walls in the hotel room that caused me to hear folks talking about old underwear on the floor at like 8 AM in the morning, as well as all their hair-drying and showering and who knows what other noises, ugh.
I wanted to stay on the strip for a fair price and Flamingo hotel met my financial requirement. It's not the best hotel in Vegas but it's also not the worst. They just renovated so the room i stayed in was nice. There weren't any noise or bug problems, service was accommodating, and the valet acted professional. The downside is the check in line takes forever, I was lucky to check in early before the madness started. Let me put it this way, I saw some tourists in line when i went to gamble, shop, eat, gamble again, drink, and gamble one last time and when I came back those same tourists were still in line! . . Note: When you check out you can avoid the line by checking out on your tv, just follow their easy directions. Also, if you are late packing up you can call and ask for an extra hour to check out for free.
We stayed here for one night over Labor Day Weekend. It was a Thursday night and we were able to get a room for $39, what a freaking deal! . . The room looked like it belonged in Barbie's Dream House - White with Bright Pink accents. The hotel is a homage to old school Vegas, and I dig that. I wouldn't wan to spend a whole weekend there, but for one night, solid choice.. . We also went to the Breakfast Buffet and it was SO AMAZING! So much food, and it was GOOD. Typically when you go to a buffet the waffles are soft because of the trays they keep them in - Not this one! Crunchy like they just came out of the waffle iron! Yum!
I recently stayed at the Flamingo during a trip to Vegas, and here's my assessment of the hotel, broken down into a list of pros and cons:. . Pros:. . Location ~ The location is superb. It's sandwiched between the Imperial Palace and Bally's and is right across the street from Caesars. Couldn't get any closer to the action.. . View from your room ~ Even though we didn't get a room with a view of the strip, we had the next best thing: a view of the Flamingo's beautiful gardens. Very pretty!. . Noise level ~ I thought the room we had was very quiet. I'm a rather light sleeper and have to sleep with a sound machine at home, but I didn't have a problem with noise while staying at the Flamingo. That could also be because I drank heavily while I was there, but that's beside the point.. . Room rate ~ I thought the cost of the room for Wednesday through Friday nights was very reasonable. . . Cons: . . Check-in ~ We waited 45 minutes to check-in to the hotel. That's unacceptable! There were two clerks working at the front desk checking people in, and that was definitely not enough. Wouldn't they rather have people out in the casino gambling than waiting in line to check in?!?! It doesn't make any sense! They were way understaffed.. . Rooms ~ I know all the rooms have been "updated," but I didn't think they were all that nice. Instead of having carpeting, as most hotel rooms do, our room had some type of laminate flooring that resembled hardwood. Perfect for cleaning up spills and vomit! The bathroom was super-tiny. The door barely cleared the toilet seat. Also, the bathroom didn't look like it had been updated at all. Old tile, old vanity. Not very modern.. . Cab service ~ When we went to leave on Saturday afternoon, there were no cabs downstairs! None! Nada! Zip! Zilch! A huge line of people were waiting for a cab. Ridiculous! I don't know if all the cabs were picking up people from the fancier hotels and weren't going to hotels like the Flamingo, but it was a cabbie ghost town there. . . Overall, the Flamingo isn't a bad place to stay, but it's not the best. As with most things in life, you get what you pay for.
My go to spot for accomodations while in Vegas.  The Flamingo certainly isn't the most extravagant place to stay but it isn't a complete dump either.  The newer Fab and Go rooms are upgraded with tvs in the bathroom mirrors (!!!), flatscreen Tv, modern decor, and plush bedding.  I've never had a room with a bad view, whether it be of the strip or the pools/outdoor wildlife habitat.  There is a decent buffet with a nice selection of desserts as well as a food court, several smaller spots to get a coffee or quick snack, Sin City Brewery, Center Cut Steakhouse, Carlos'n Charlie's (Mexican), and Tropical Breeze restaurant.  Attached to the Flamingo is Margaritaville (both the restaurant and Margaritaville Casino).  My only complaint about the casino itself is that it by far the most freezing cold casino I have ever stepped foot in.  Casinos are generally chilly but Flamingo takes the cake.  The pool area is nice with chairs and cabanas that can be rented as well as flotation devices.  No fancy shopping here aside from a few small shops and no club or "must try" bar/restaurant.  Overall, I have no serious issue with the Flamingo and usually recommend it to family and friends who don't mind a "no frills" hotel that is fairly budget friendly.
If your looking for the "Vegas Experience" (Tacky pink rooms, old people at slot machines with oxygen tank and a cigarette, etc.) this is the place to go. Be prepared to be nickel and dimed to death (pay for Wi-Fi, etc.)
The new fab-rooms are nice. The laminate floors make it feel clean, which may have given them bonus points.  And we ended up with a room facing the strip so the view was pretty good... could kind of see the Bellagio fountains from the window.  The bed was probably the best I've slept on in a hotel. Not as good as home but damn decent.. Downsides include the noise. Noise from the street isn't terrible but it is audible. Until the air conditioning unit kicks in, then that noisy bugger is what you hear.. While we're talking about the air conditioner: it drips water. I'm going to assume it's like the compressor on your vehicle dripping condensation... or else I'm going be really grossed out by what dripped on me.. The bathrooms were not renovated when the room was. Wallpaper was peeling. The chromed fixtures were rusting. The fan didn't work. The shower head had crappy pressure.
Still a decent value here for a place in the center of the strip.  One of the most beautiful pools in Vegas. No resort fee. . CASINO rating. 3 out of 5 stars - Mix of 8/5 7/5 JOB machines, be careful.  Blackjack is largely 6/5, but being right under the pole dancers is worth the addl loss to many male fans.  Fun place.  Craps is 3-4-5 and has the Fire Bet.  Poker room is adequate.
The bad:. I wasn't expecting the Bellagio, but with the description of the newly refurbished rooms, I was expecting something a little more than what we were staying in. . . Taxis are so ridiculous to catch! We waited probably 20 minutes for a taxi.. . Getting carded every 10 minutes. At no other casino did I have to show my ID so much. I'm 5 months from 30 and married, plus I was constantly carrying a beer around, do I really have to show my ID every time I sit down? I should take it as a compliment I guess. My husband got carded, though not as much, and this was AFTER he showed his players card. I'm not sure how many minors have such a high status, but it got a little out of hand.  . . The mattress is the MOST uncomfortable mattress I have ever slept on. Oh my gosh, I can't believe I have to lay on it for two more nights. Plus, the pillows that come standard on the bed are cheap polyester filling. I have never stayed at a hotel that doesn't offer feather down pillows automatically. We had to call down and ask for feather pillows, which we were told were on the bed. "Ok, awesome, but they're not." . . The air conditioner does not get cold. I woke up several times in the night sweating. We set it on 65 and it has yet to drop below 74 the whole time. . . The line for checking in was CRAZY long. Thankfully, my husband's status with the hotel got us to the front of the line, and we were in and out super fast.. . The people selling shows in the casino are extremely pushy, and everywhere. Give me a break, we just got off a 12 hour stint in the airport, I'm pushing luggage through the lobby, get the hell out of my face.. . Ok, now the good points about this hotel:. . Staff on the casino floor is very nice and friendly, granted they are working on tips also, but they will explain things and were very kind. . . Drinks came to us pretty quick.. . The room was pretty enough. And the housekeeping staff did a great job of making our beds and keeping it clean.. . Fantastic location. No, seriously. FAN- freaking- tastic location. We have stayed up and down and in the middle of the strip, and this part of the strip is always the best.. . Room service needs were quick.. . The energy in the casino is fun!!!. . Our rooms are always comped. . . Long story short, if you stay here, don't expect a luxury resort, but it's good enough for a short trip and fun gambling.
We started at 5 stars when we arrived, but it slowly started going down as the days went on.. . The location is awesome and the rooms are great. We ended up on the top floor in a really cool room with rubber flooring that looks like hardwood (according to a maintenance guy). The decor was modern, although in typical Vegas fashion, they updated the room, but not the bathroom! . . The parking is horrendous, although when we first arrived it was fine. It got worse and worse, so by Friday it was completely full and we had to fight someone for a spot. One of the elevators broke and the parking structure is far from the entrance. . The worst part was that the heating was broken in our room, so we were absolutely freeeeezing! On a fun trip it wouldn't have bothered me so much, but we were there for work. The freezing cold made it hard to sleep, which sucked because we had to get up crazy early every morning to work a tradeshow all day. I did appreciate that they compensated for this by giving us free buffet passes. . . My theory is they spent all their money renovating the rooms and had to stop. The carpeting is still really old and wrinkling and the parking garage is super old and confusing.
I stayed at the Flamingo for a conference, so I can't really complain too much. I also can't say it was the ultimate hotel experience either. Everything is extremely pink... even the bathroom walls were pink and the lights too. Almost too pink for my taste. The highlight of this hotel experience was probably the TV in the bathroom. Being able to watch TV and catch up on my news while I shower? Multi-tasking to the max? Yes, please.. . In terms of location, I think it's located in a pretty central area, where everything is happening. Definitely very walkable. However, don't take my word for it, b/c I don't usually party in Vegas and I happen to enjoy walking.
One of the most classic properties to grace the mid Strip, the Flamingo has endured the test of time through the multiple demands and changes of Vegas culture. It remains an iconic front to Sin City, an all encompassing resort with the cheese of a gimmick theme without the sleaze of downtown. . . Until the hideous Imperial Palace (http://www.yelp.com/biz/imperial-palace-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas) came into the Harrah's / Caesars family, it was the lower end of the property totem pole and often the butt of many jokes in today's contemporary resort renaissance. The corny decor, the antiquated amenities, and the lack of anything substantial in the resort sense has made it a lower end property. And that's precisely why I like it.. . Given its location, the Flamingo is very budget friendly in every sense of the word. The occupancy rate is likely to be high, considering its awesome low prices during the week and doable rates on the weekend. The regular rooms are comfortable and semi-spacious, not nearly as junky as early perception would lead on otherwise. There is good value in their higher end suites and in an attempt to modernize their hotel game, the GO rooms and FAB rooms will definitely surprise people with how contemporary and sophisticated they are.. . Barring no plans for renovation, the casino is predictably small. There are a good number of table games with a heavy emphasis on black jack (Spanish 21 is also available), various poker games, and craps + roulette. Slots, whose inventory makes up the bulk of most casinos is lacking in inventory compared to their property counterparts, but rest assured most games will be available, though perhaps *unavailable* when there are too many grannies plopping down to build on their player comps if you catch my drift. WIth regards to comps, TotalReward points are easier to apply here but accumulation will be the same anywhere.. . All forms of dining are going to be close to lackluster or borderline horrendous. If there is any dignity left in your palate, you'll do your best to skip any outlet of food here unless you're in a dire situation. Snobby eaters, wannabe foodies, or anyone with tastebuds aren't soon to be caught  dead eating at Hamada of Japan (http://www.yelp.com/biz/hamada-of-japan-las-vegas-2) or Paradise Garden Buffet (http://www.yelp.com/biz/paradise-garden-buffet-las-vegas), or any of the Margaritaville, LA Subs, Johnny Rocket spots within their sad food court. Is there a worse Mexican restaurant than Carlos n' Charlies (http://www.yelp.com/biz/carlos-n-charlies-las-vegas-2) on the entire strip? When Taco Bell owns you, that's when you know there is a problem.. . The best thing at the Flamingo for me, is the pool. Some might call it one of the better pools on the strip and locals tend to come here more often than not. There is no elaborate nightlife centered around the pool, just good people watching, sufficient space to swim or float in, and quality pool side service for all things outdoor.. . And of course, for a (cheesy) photo op or children's activity, visit the Flamingos when weather appropriate. After all, like any great college or pro team, a brand is nothing without a proper mascot.
The GO room was a great deal. The amentities were fun & modern. The location is the best on the strip.. . However, we werent the only guests staying in the room. 3 nights in a row at 2:00 a.m. the coffee machine would turn on & start brewing (not set on a timer & NO WATER in the maker). My husband would jump up & unplug the machine only to hear what sounded like nails tapping on the marble table next to our bed.. We were also awoken in the middle of the night to rustling next to our bed. When we sat up we could hear a plastic shopping bag being crinkled...this lasted for abour 10 seconds.. . It is documented that this hotel is haunted, but we were surprised that we had paranormal experiences on the 21st floor.
When we arrived only smoking rooms was availible. I explained that my guest and I do not smoke and asked if it was strong? The Flamingo Rep said that would depend on how much the previous guests smoked. She offered to have the room "refreshed" by staff. Plus she gave us the strip view which was nice. No fridge, but a small bucket for ice. Free soaps & shampoo. No Wi-Fi available.
The rooms were very nice and modern. The bathrooms were clean but have clearly not been updated for a VERY long time. The casino was decent but most of the machines were old and not very exciting. Location is awesome, being the heart of the strip. Overall it's safe, clean, and a good value for your money, but nothing fancy. Having the Margaritaville restaurant & casino connected was a big plus though!
Can't beat the price for a great location on the strip. Rooms are motel-esque, but if you prefer to spend your money on gambling, food, alcohol and shows- the flamingo is the place to stay!. . Got a free upgrade to a strip view room for only $35 a night!
The hotel is in an excellent location but shows signs of age. The rooms in the old wing are nice but do not have a refrigerator or coffee maker. You would need to upgrade your room for those amenities. The parking was awful; you need to use a valet and if you come back late at night maybe park at an adjoining hotel.
First stay at the Flamingo, and I have to say that it wasn't a bad experience. Arrived at the self parking structure via the entrance off Flamingo. The walk from the parking structure to the lobby is a relatively short jaunt by Vegas hotel standards. *note* there is a lot of construction going on due to the Linq project, so be mindful of the signs when approaching the hotel. . . The regular check-in line was a little long so we opted for the new self check-in kiosks. The automated system allows you to choose what room you'd like, but doesn't offer any helpful tidbits like what elevators you should take, or how far the room would be from the elevator, etc. Overall, nice option if you are in a rush, but I'd still prefer some human interaction at check-in. . . We stayed in a recently renovated Fab room, which was a modest renovation of their old room product. The room was functional and clean. I think it is the first Vegas room that I've ever stayed in that didn't have carpeted floors in the bedroom. The bathroom didn't appear to be renovated, but was clean. Opt for the nicer Go room product if you want to splurge a little bit. If you are a lighTrt sleeper, be sure to request rooms far away from the Linq construction (jackhammers and the like continuing well into the wee hours of the morning). . . Overall, the hotel is in a great location (mid-strip), has a classic Vegas vibe (meaning its not new and super lux, but a little gritty and flashy), and is relatively inexpensive when compared to some of its neighbors. It's not a bad option, but certainly not the best. When comparing with other hotels in this price range, look to the Tropicana or Monte Carlo outside of the Caesars fold (Ballys, and Harrahs within).
I had a very mixed experience at the Flamingo.  Bottom line: If they offer you a $20/night upgrade to a GO room TAKE IT. . . The first two nights we stayed in one of their deluxe rooms.  The bathroom floor had hair on it; it looked like it hadn't been swept. The stopper in the sink didn't work so my husband had to do a water in the glass work-around for shaving. The sheets had some dried blood stains on them and we found a stray pubic hair that did not belong to us.  **shudder** The floor in the bedroom also had some random trash around it. The last straw was when I found ants in the bathroom one morning. We didn't have any food in our room.  . . So, I upgraded to the GO room for an extra $30/night (the deal had changed after initial check-in, I guess).  There was an employee checking on the folks in the check-in line (which was quite long at that point) and I told her my plight. She immediately whisked me to the front of the line where the preferred members check-in.  The man who helped me find a new room was great and allowed me to check out the cleanliness of the room before I committed to moving.  The staff was extremely helpful and professional about the whole situation.. . The GO room is a significant upgrade.  Even the towels are nicer. The carpets are still worn and stained but the bathroom is much better, there is a coffee-maker, and the sheets are softer. . . Overall the hotel is fine. I would stay here again but only in a GO room.  The location is great, too.
Like many other yelpers--Flamingo is not the cleanest hotel in Vegas, but not as bad as some others. My spoiled self stayed in the Palazzo the first time so this was a bit of a down grade. But since there was a black Friday deal for a holiday weekend. It was not so bad. The room itself was spacious and enough to fit a lot of luggage. I wish the bathroom was more spacious or updated. The door was in way of the shower and the toilet which made is a bit convenient to share with a lot of girls. . . The staff were extremely nice. They were very accommodating when we needed extra towels and an extra set of keys since we misplaced our first set. For the price I was paying it was not bad at all especially since it was at the center of the strip. Very convenient to everything! . . Also!! If you are a rapid rewards member there is an express check-in/check-out which makes things a bit faster.
The remodeled rooms are nicer than I expected. They look modern and they're pretty spacious. The hotel itself is affordable, clean, and in a good location. The food choices are decent, there's a pool/spa, and a wildlife exhibit with fish, turtles, swans, and of course flamingos! They are one of the few hotels left from back in the day so I hope they can continue to survive.
This hotel has everything a hotel needs - Everything was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was spacious. It was also very cheap!  But don't expect much! This is definitely not a luxury establishment. Considering I didn't spend much time in my hotel room, this was perfect. . . I had two big problems. First, they charge $40 for early check-in. Really? $40?? That's more than I paid for the entire night! And if my room is clean and ready to go, why does it matter if I am in it or not? I was pretty annoyed. Second, they charge an extra $15 a day for a fridge. Holy cow! Not that a fridge is that important but still. It seemed pretty ridiculous. . . But like I said - overall the room was fine. If I needed to stay somewhere cheap again I would stay here again.
Great location and value. It's clean. Not a luxury hotel in the least but it was a great place to stay for a week.
You definitely step back in time when you enter this casino. It's right out of the 80s with all the neon and pink colors.. . My visit this time was for brunch at their buffet. Nothing special. I know breakfast is really standard & I'm sure their selection/quality isn't much better or worse than other casinos, but I still feel like I was overpaying for what I was eating. We got to sit near the glass so we could watch the birds outside which was nice...until the sun started bouncing off the glass and into our eyes forcing us to squint & sit awkwardly to avoid the rays.
Bugsy Siegel's desert dream was the first and only, original and historical casino named the Flamingo, which has anchored the Las Vegas Strip since they started rolling dice in 1946. The days of the Godfather series. . . I remember when the Flamingo was owned by the Hilton. It is now owned by Caesars Entertainment, which also owns Harrah's. This self-contained casino and resort offers everything an adventurous vacationer could want, including a 15-acre Caribbean-style water playground. . . Set on the famous four corners of Las Vegas Boulevard and Flamingo Road, across from Caesars Palace, Bellagio and Bally's.. . My hotel profile preference is for the highest floor and in this case I was located on their highest 28th floor in room 28-092 with two queen beds and a spectacular view of the strip including Caesars Palace and Bellagio and lesser views of the Cosmopolitan and Mirage.. . The view was spectacular, but, I had some minor issues as follows.. . Only one outlet was inconveniently located under the work desk. Their were no electrical outlets within close proximity of my bed so I could not use my laptop from bed for long durations..  . The wired internet did not work, but, wireless did for an additional $13.95 per day. The textured dark brown wood finish looks like plastic vinyl which was easy to clean, but, had a 3x7 foot area rug. The large sparse room had lots of space, but, small bathroom. The bed had smaller pillows as you can see from my pics. . . Even though the floor was easy to clean during my several days of stay I noticed that the floor was not cleaned every day because some dirt remained especially along the walls and corners.. . On the positive side the room did have a nice 32-inch Panasonic LCD Flat screen HDTV.
L'avis de Cecile H presente deja bien l'experience qu'on a en passant quelques nuits dans cet hotel, donc juste quelques lignes pour resumer :. . Petite promenade en exterieur sympa avec les flamants roses et autres volatiles exotiques... on se reveille doucement en les regardant un cafe a la main !. . Par contre effectivement un premier gros point noir : les piscines qui ferment trop tot, 18h quoi !... pour ca une etoile en moins, bim !. . L'hotel en lui meme est un peu vieux (comme souvent a Vegas dans des prix raisonnables) et pas mal kitsch aussi, ahahah cette espece de couverture en poils roses on est pas prets de l'oublier... :D. . On avait un package de 18$/day/room pour le petit dej', donc tous les jours on se prenait des bons petits muffins et une boisson chaude chez Coffee Bean, sympa !. . Autre point noir : l'acces au parking qui n'est pas super evident a trouver et a prendre la premiere fois.
Not that bad! I was nervous to book it hotel after reading the reviews on here,it is not that bad. We have a room facing ceasars palce. Location and veiw was amazing! Huge bathroom great customer service.
I found myself staying at the vast pinkness known as the Flamingo during my most recent trip to Vegas. As a hater of resort fees and spending more than I need to for a conveniently located place to occasionally sleep, I'm a fan of the Harrah's casinos in this area, but had never found the opportunity to stay here until now. . . We arrived shortly after 4pm to check in (because paying to check in early would have defeated the purpose of staying in a cheap hotel in the first place) and bypassed the line by using the express check in kiosks. Seriously, who are these suckaz not doing this? The line was gigantic, yet nobody was using these things. I mean, you guys know they're probably not going to give you a free upgrade on a Saturday, right? So within two minutes we were done with check in. It was beautiful. . . We quickly made our way to our room. I must say, these rooms are definitely a bit smaller than the ones at Bally's or Harrah's. The bathrooms were also a bit more cramped than those two and could have used a fresh coat of paint. We had no complaints about the beds, but there was something weird about the pillows. They were perhaps a bit too puffy. Not a dealbreaker, but you know. . . I dug the casino itself. It was much easier to get in and out than it is at Bally's or Harrah's (but still kind of a maze compared to my beloved but dearly departed Bill's Gamblin' Hall and Saloon. DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THAT TRAVESTY). I got copious amounts of free wine while winning money playing video poker, always a plus. Thegarden area is a nice escape from the usual casino-ness. The pool wasn't open this time around, but I've been there before and had a very good time. . . Overall, my stay here was quite pleasant. However, I'm giving it three stars because if given the choice between the Flamingo or Bally's or Harrah's, I would choose the latter two every time.
We always stay at Harrah's (or I guess Caesars Entertainment now) properties due to the great prices and no resort fees, although I guess that will be changing now.... . Anyway, we love Paris, but since this was our 3rd trip to Vegas in 5 months, we tried to keep a tight budget, and since we were staying on the most expensive nights (Fri-Sun) we chose to check out Flamingo.  . . We arrived at about 10:30pm on a Friday night, so check in was a little busy. I had requested a standard room, nonsmoking with a king bed, but when we arrived they said that all was available was 2 queens. Now, I am not ok with this, especially since I vacation to Vegas usually for romantic getaways with my honey. I sleepy on a queen bed at home, it is nothing special. In Vegas, I want a king. The hostess was finally able to get us a king in a wheelchair accessible room on the 6th floor. . . The real problem is was when we went to bed (1 am ish). We stay in Vegas a lot and are aware that hotels are not silent, but you could seriously hear everything. You know the noise that iPhones make when you plug them in to charge? It is not a very loud noise, and we could hear it clearly from the next room over. We could also hear every word of EVERY conversation. After waking up to "oh my god I forgot my toothbrush" and "you are 27? You are so much older than me!" at 6am one morning, I decided to complain. We were then moved to the 14th floor without much trouble, and upon exiting the elevator it was obvious that the 14th floor was in much better shape. The noise level was much better, and the walls were obviously thicker.. . The rooms are a fairly decent size and there is plenty of rooms for bags/dressing/doing makeup/etc. I myself am a fan of the fun pink decor. . I would not recommend the flamingo for a romantic weekend getaway. Try Paris or even the Rio for that. I would recommend it for a friends or family trip, as it is definitely a budget hotel. Not a bad experience, but not the same as some of the great Vegas experiences I have had in the past.. . LOCATION IS EXCELLET THOUGH!
I enjoyed our stay here as it was clean enough (though, very weird stains on the ceilings) , though it should be noted some rooms haven't been remodeled. TV was small (probably less than 30"), not flat screen. Service at front desk was extremely slow and it closes after midnight I believe and the lines for people trying to stay to get in were rumored to be over 1.5 hours, so come early to check in. Room was large, but I get the feeling that the rooms currently differ greatly by floor. Casino floor was nice. No free wifi.
A throwback of a hotel (who doesn't love that about Vegas), but a good time gambling all around.  I was able to play cheap Pai Gow and stay for a while, drinking dozens of beers.  The cocktail waitresses and dealers are very nice.. . I have not stayed in the hotel, so I cannot speak to the rooms.  But if gambling is your thing, this place is pretty awesome!  Not a lot of flash, but a nice amount of cash...in your pocket.
Stayed over the weekend for the first time and I was very, very surprised by how clean and nice the rooms were.  Despite being one of the older/oldest hotels on the strip, the rooms were very nicely remodeled.  I like that they had a TV embedded within the bathroom mirror.  I'm not sure how I feel about the florescent light bulbs right above my bed, but overall, I liked the theme of the room.  Kinda girly, but I like it!. . I wouldn't mind staying here again, especially since it's located near the center and has a beautiful view if you're overlooking the strip!
I give it a 3.5. Great location, friendly staff, cheap, and much better than the others in its class. Will go back .
If you're looking for a hotel on the Strip with a great location that's walking distance to all the other hotels but don't want to pay a lot to stay at those Vegas establishments, I would recommend the Flamingo. . . Compared to the new hotels surrounding it, this is not a hotel I would choose to hang out in but you don't go to Vegas to hang out in your hotel. You go to Vegas to hit as many hot spots as you can! . . The Flamingo's buffet sucks. Don't try it.. . The rooms are fine. They are updated, modern and clean.  . . The "driveway" of the Flamingo is actually behind the hotel so it might be a bit of a challenge to find it.
The Flamingo is another Las Vegas classic.. Cheesy but fun, old but still exciting.. The exterior as well as inside could use an upgrade, some areas like the pool and some of the rooms look great, other areas like the Casino not so much.. Location is ideal right on the strip, worth checking out, or for a cheaper stay right where all the action is!
Some rooms are renovated others aren't, so there is a large disparity in rooms. Our a/c didn't work well but our water pressure was fantastic. Cocktail waitresses seem fewer in number than other casinos, and the ones in Margaritaville area do not wear pantyhose like the others; nonetheless their bikini type outfits are still sexy.
3 buddies of mine took a three day vacation to Vegas and we got an awesome deal for the Flamingo. We got a top level room and it had two twin beds, a shower and bathroom, a closet, a TV and was very comfortable.. . The view was awesome from that high up, we were hardly in the room that much, but the beds were just fine.. . The casino looked full most of the time and they had a few good shows going on. If you look, you can probably find a 2-1 for those.. . The only thing that stunk was waiting about 30 minutes to check in, because they only had three people to check guests in. Big boo! The line just kept growing and growing behind us.. . Overall, a fun place, the pool is only open until 5, but that is pretty common in Vegas. I don't think they want a lot of liquored up people swimming in their shallow pool. Also, you can't bring your own beer down to the pool. This is because they charge alot for it down there for their stuff.  Also, the pool was pretty cold temperature wise, but not too much complaining from a Minnesotan on vacation.
Check In/Check Out. We used the kiosks and avoided the long 30+ min wait time, make sure you have the confirmation number or you won't be able to get a room.  We did get a random $100 dollar charge prior to check out but it all ended up okay.. Room. We got the fab deluxe room which is their standard room.  There is definitely a very long walk from the elevator to our room, which could be due to the kiosks.  So if you decide to wait in the lines,  I would request a room closer to the elevators.  We got lucky and got the rooms for $35-$40 a night.  The rooms were clean, to an extent.  But I did later notice that the sheets had some dirt marks on them. The beds were both sunk in and also very squeaky.  Also in the shower, there was a random hole in the top corner of the bathtub which was weird.  At the price we got the rooms for, this hotel is definitely worth it if you don't mind roughing it out a bit.  Other than the above mentioned, the room was nice with the new "renovations". . Pool/Casino/Exhibit. I wasn't able to visit the 21+ pool, but the family pool is nice but fairly small.  Chairs are pretty limited but there were plenty of towels to use.  The casino is definitely smokey, and I typically wouldn't walk around in them by myself.  They also have some birds near the pools that smell really bad, it was cool but nothing that you absolutely must do.. Overall, the hotel was worth the price we got it for but I wouldn't want to pay more $70+ for the room.  Also the hotel charges an $18 resort fee which doesn't include WiFi.  We had to purchase that separately for around 15 dollars a day.
My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in April 2013 and it was reasonably priced and in a great location on the strip. We booked online and then were able to upgrade to a GO room for $20 extra per night so thats what we did. There was a very long line at check in but I noticed the kiosks available for us to do check in. That worked great and Greg ( awesome employee at Flamingo) assisted us and we got our room in 5 minutes! Greg was a great help and very personable! We got strip view however we coule hear music till 4 am on Fri and Sat night. The music is from Harrahs Carnival Court and very loud even on the 21st floor. The rooms were somewhat updated. There was even a tv in the bathroom mirror. Overall a good experience. . . Negatives-. elevators take forever and the doors close quickly. time share people are very annoying and bother you when you get on/ off the elevators. strip view rooms are super loud till 4 am on weekends. . . Positives-. location is great. buffet is good and you can watch the flamingoes while you eat. nice pool- gets crowded- chairs fill up fast. affordable. maids let you sleep in. Greeg- he is in the lobby and very helpful
I stayed at both the older rooms and the newer rooms... The older rooms REALLY sucked... They smelled really bad and was not well maintained. . The new rooms On The other hand, the GO Towers was awesome. I loved the mini fridge that they had. I can keep cold water and drinks in there for the kids. They were much cleaner and super comfortable. . As for the table games.... There were a few really great dealers but a majority if them seem as I'd they don't want to be there.
Back again and this time in the Fab room, the new standard offering. They've replaced the carpeting with vinyl that looks like wood and feels cheap under your feet. There is a rug in the room, but I wish there were more soft surfaces to walk on after you'vekicked off your shoes. The furniture is mostly new and retro. The bathroom hasn't been updated in close to 30 years. Overall, the new room looks better than it used to, and the way the furniture is arranged it makes the room feel bigger. If I had a preference, I'd take the upgrade to the Go room over the Fab, but I wouldn't turn down a Fab room.. . The Flamingo seems to be catering to the 2 Broke Girls set - those who want to stay at Planet Hollywood who don't have the funds. Why else would two girls be walking into the hotel on a Friday night, one carrying a bottle of vodka and the other a curling iron. Travel light, ladies. The location remains prime and the prices are fairly reasonable. The food is mostly terrible and expensive. The pool is one of the best in Vegas.. . Keep in mind that there's major construction going on both sides of the hotel. At one end, they're turning Bill's into an upscale boutique hotel. On the other, they're building Project Linq and refurbishing the common areas of the Quad (formerly Imperial Palace). That means you want a room in the middle of the property. You definitely don't want to be next to the Quad right now, as that construction site is jackhammering away 24/7. Ask where your room is before you take it, and check in as early as you can to avoid being stuck in a room across from a construction site. Tip: Total Rewards members can use the kiosk while everyone else is stuck standing in line. Go get the card.. . "Resort" Fees are now in effect - $15/day gets you access to the fitness center and connecting one device to the internet. Making you pay $13.95 if you connect more than one device is kind of lame.
The rooms are remodeled, but we did find dust behind a lot of furniture. The shower dripped all night so we had to  close the bathroom door. For theprice it's a good location and we had a view of the strip.Checking in was really easy with the kiosks, and the parking garage isn't too far away (enter from the back street). The hallway carpet is really gross and our room keys didn't work after the first night so we had to get new ones. I really liked the pool party GO, it was fun. We didn't have a fridge, which was surprising, later we heard you have to ask for one. I had ZERO cell service (Boost Mobile/Sprint) in the room.
My husband and I stayed at the Flamingo for three nights in April. It was okay but the hotel has clearly seen better days. The Fab room was passable but the bathroom needs a thorough cleaning. There was grime in the corners, the grout in the shower tile needed to be redone and the shower curtain and liner both needed to be cleaned then burned. . . The staff was very friendly and the service at the diner was excellent. For walking along the strip the location is the best. The live flamingos in the garden area were fun to see. . . The pushy irritating timeshare people need to go away and stop bothering the clients. Their behavior bordered on harassment more than once. No means no!. .  I would stay there again but probably upgrade to a Go room or suite next time.
Stayed there the second weekend of April 2013 and I was pleasantly surprised. Great location on the strip. Bit slow of a valet process though considering we checked in around 6pm or whatever time the day clubs closed for the day.. but I think that might have had to do with people leaving the hotel too for dinner/shows. . . The rooms were ok sized for 2 queen beds. The floor to ceiling window was cool and pink suede curtains were cute! Room was super dim though, I took the lamp shades off the 2 lamps in the room so the girls and I could do our hair and make up with out looking like clowns!!
Poop
I returned here again to a double queen size bed room located in the Spa Tower overlooking the Bally's hotel. My room 23-032 was located on the 23rd floor, which is one of my personal preferences for a high floor. As you can see from my pics this room has more of a Spa motif and feel with the use of glass in and around the bathroom area. It was nice, but, I prefer the room from the last time overlooking the strip. That room had wood-toned floors, but, a much better view in my opinion.. . Both rooms are of equal size and quality. My room cost was only $110 in April, which I thought was a good deal. Please read my previous reviews for more info.
Stayed here during my 21st birthday festivities in one of the newer upgraded rooms. It's pretty decent for the price you pay. Located in about the middle of the strip. I noticed that not a lot of young people stayed at this place (Go figure, haha) since it's one of the older hotels. One of the lights wasn't working in our room and we had requested for maintenance to checkit out but they never did, haha. I'd definitely stay here again though if I want to stay on a budget but still stay in a decent room. . . TIP: Stay in the newer rooms!
Sometimes it's the little things that let you know the kind of hotel you're in. . . We were in one of the renovated rooms.  Here were some of the little "touches" we noticed: . . * The fancy-ass sliding glass bathroom door does not actually shut all the way (one inch gap around the edge) and thus is not even remotely soundproof.  (Guess what I'm doing in here?)  It was also impossible to open and shut quickly or quietly in the middle of the night.    . * Both of the gooseneck lamps installed on either side of the bed felt like they were falling apart, and were so rickety the light would cut out if you jiggled them the slightest bit.  . * The cheap silicone caulking in the shower and bathroom was already developing mildew spots.  . * There was absolutely no way to turn on the light fixture above the bed.  Either we completely missed a light switch after looking around the room for five minutes, or the switch next to the bed in our particular room was miswired.  (It turned on the inexplicable pink go-go lights in the bathroom, as did the switch by the front door.). * The Ethernet port in the room wasn't assigning IP addresses.. * There was a sign on the sound system that if we took the white iPod cable in the drawer, there would be a $50 replacement charge.  There was no white iPod cable in the drawer.. * There's a TV in the bathroom mirror...showing the finest standard definition cable channels available.  . . Anyway, I'm not saying this was a pit by any means, but the little things here and there kind of added up to the overall "meh".  We were here because we got a fairly decent deal and it served its purposes, and it's fairly central on the Strip without being as expensive as the Bellagio et al.  That said, next time the Vegas urge hits we might well look for a deal elsewhere.  (Frankly, one big reason to look elsewhere is to be near decent dining.  We left the hotel for every single meal and there was one night when we reeeeally did not want to have to walk four blocks to get something worth eating.)  . . It's Vegas: YMMV.  . . FWIW: You can sign up for their rewards program in the lobby to get early check-in for free instead of waiting till 4 PM or paying $25.
Let's face it, if you are in Vegas, chances are you aren't spending a lot of time in the room.  My husband and I were rarely in our room other than to literally catch 2 or 3 hours of sleep.  If that is your type of trip, then the Flamingo is perfect. Nothing fancy, nothing dumpy - just right to run in and out of.. . A few complaints, the room wasn't the nicest room I've ever had. At least the view was okay, we overlooked the pool area and had a great view of scenery being 25 floors up.  The bathroom left much to be desired, and no fridge? Come on!  Housecleaning did not stop in one day at all, our trash was overflowing as well as our dirty towels, which was pretty disgusting.  The hallways also were a bit on the dingy side - wouldn't walk barefoot that's for sure.  I also swear someone pooped on the floor at one point, the smell was horrendous and I swear I saw a blob of poop.  . . You can also hear your neighbors to easily and all of the noise in the hallway.Which is fine, but sometimes enough is enough.  We were also told we couldn't upgrade, however we saw people in the elevator and overheard them talking about the room they were switching to. (LIES). . I also did not like the haul from the lobby to our room. lugging my heavy suitcase, it was a pain in the neck!!!. . i liked the casino area, that was pretty nice and I did like the 24 hour pizza joint near our room elevators, I swear that place was my best friend. . . Again, nothing to write home about - perfect if you don't plan on spending alot of time in your room.
Place was "meh." Place was very cheap and centrally located. That about where it ends. Worst TV ever. Only news and weird channels Ive never heard of on an old SD TV. We didn't have a warm enough blanket; just this little old one. The room had hardwood laminate floors (strange) and the bathroom and elevators are badly in need of some updating. The maid service was horrible. We really enjoyed the outdoor animals though.. . The pool was nice and had many different areas, but the drinks and daybeds are more expensive than the Luxor or New York New York, which is strange since those are both nicer hotels. . . All in all, its worth the price, but could use a few small tweaks to step it up.
I highly suggest you get a "GO room" because they are newer in comparison. Thumbs up for being pet friendly as well! You can get discounted rates if you and your guest are Total Rewards members. That goes for any property listed under the Total Rewards card!. Yes, Flamingo is an older hotel, but for it's location on the strip + cost = not terrible. I opt to gamble at the casinos nearby anyway. I've personally never had a bad experience with the front desk, security or customer service.
You get what you pay for, so I wasn't expecting anything extravagant. In the future, I'd definitely pay a little more for nicer rooms.. . Pros:. - Location is great. You can walk to a bunch of other casinos, clubs, shopping, etc. Caesar's and The Forum Shops are just across the street.. - The pool party is a lot of fun! It's the 21+ pool, good music, lots of people, drinks, etc. Lots of people in their 20's and early 30's.. - Carlos 'n' Charlie's and Margaritaville are inside, and they're both good places to eat and drink. Carlos 'n' Charlie's was a lot of fun.. - Free parking for guests.. - Relatively inexpensive rooms.. - Real flamingos are outside!. . Cons:. - Parking is HORRIBLE. It took us about 40 minutes to find a space in the garage.. - The walls are paper thin. I swear, the people in the room next to us never left their room and were always talking loudly. We could hear them anytime we stopped in our room, when we went to bed, and were woken up early by them.. - The rooms are just okay - definitely felt a little dingy/dirty. The carpets in the halls definitely need a major cleaning or just replaced all together.. - We booked a room with 2 queen beds, and somehow we ended up with a room with 1 king bed. They said they did not have any with 2 beds available at all. That was weird. We didn't mind sharing the bed, but what if we had come with 4 people supposed to share 2 beds? It was Fourth of July weekend, so I guess I understand. But I don't know. It was just annoying.
And now for a dirty little secret - Flamingo's been our go-to hotel for our last three visits. I rarely admit this to friends because, without fail, it goes like this: . . "Vegas, sweet! Where are you staying?" [Meaning: Cosmopolitan, MGM, or Wynn?] . "The.... uh.... Flamingo." [Please don't judge me.]. "Oh. Have fun." [I judge you! Go to the Flamingo, you cheap, trashy man.]. . Defense: It's a decent hotel in the center of the Strip that allows me more walking cash for dining and playing. The hotel is not nearly as dreadful as portrayed *for the cost*, so I'd still recommend it over Bally's and other value options I've tried, for the location, the pool, and the totally fine rooms, many with awesome views. If not for one issue:. . RESORT FEES: All three stays were pre-Resort Fee. Caesars made a huge mistake in adding these because despite Flamingo's drawbacks, I could at least claim to spend $60-80 less in pointless fees per visit than at other Strip hotels. No more. They removed a huge loyalty driver, and now our next stay is at Encore; if I'm forced to pay resort fees, I'm going to do it at a real freaking resort. . . FAB ROOM: The cheapest, clean and modern. Oh also, one morning we woke up and there was no water - we couldn't shower or leave for hours. It really sucked, so I wrote a letter and they offered me a mini-suite, which I thought was a fair effort to make good. . GO MINI-SUITE: Great, beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains; we were comp'd up to it but teeters on 'value' at normal pricing ($100+/night); . GO ROOM: Solid, south strip view, probably the best option for price.. . POOL: Beautiful, tropical paradise, definitely a party scene. Security was standard gruff. Flamingo habitat is a Kodak stop. (Insta-what, sonny?). . BUFFET: Comp'd, though I now believe this was a punishment. The buffet was terrible. . . CASINO: Never did that well but we usually played a bit on the way in and out. . . PARKING: People claim these horrendous parking ordeals - we never circled more than 10 minutes, and we were in and out a lot.. . CHECK-IN: Bypass the painful check-in line with a Total Rewards Gold card. Not platinum, not diamond, just plain' ol gold. If you don't have one, sign up on the spot, have a margarita, play a couple hands, and you'll still get through the Gold check-in faster than waiting in regular.
I think this was great. The price was okay and the location is perfect.. They re-did their rooms and are still undergoing renovations. The rooms are re done but you can tell the place is aged- oh well.. . The staff was all friendly. The parking was easy, and the pool was fun.. . I gave it an A-OK because its a good place /location and I've seen nicer, and worse places. There also was no mini fridge?!
Was here for a couple of nights and had a regular room. It had a decentview and was nice and clean. The rates I scored were so good it was silly.. It was a perfect location for our nighttime wandering of the strip.. Its not a fancy hotel by any means but it was great for what we needed.
Was expecting the worst but had a good stay at Flamingo.  It's nothing fancy and there's a huge lack of dining options in the hotel itself (a big negative for the foodie yelper in all of us).  The room was clean (enough).  Prices were reasonable for the prime location on the strip.  The hotel rooms around us were surprisingly quiet enough to sleep.  That could be because we were the last ones getting in though.... . I would spend a bit more on a nicer hotel next time around since the only thing this hotel had going for it was the pool and I didn't come to Vegas for a pool.  . . They had a decent poker room which was a bonus for me.
I was happy with the hotel for the price we paid. I wouldn't spend over $50-$75 to stay here but for $40 it was a great deal. The rooms were "upgraded" but as others have said they were only partially upgraded. Our view was horrible (looked out at the construction being done to change Bill's). Check-in was a nightmare and took a long time. Location was great and adds a star for sure.
you get what you pay for and this place is CHEAP CHEAP. . ok so this is 5 stars based on price.... first off their new marketing is AWESOME - i love the black and pink, i love the kitsch factor, i love the room decoration, i loved that they had soy milk available at the coffee place and the pizza place, and the location is fine. the rooms were clean, the pool area was clean, and all the restaurants looked clean.  that's all very important! . . i would give this place 5 stars for value!. 2 stars for concierge and customer service . 3 stars for vegan options . 4 stars for casino table and slot options. . i did have a super annoying run in with the concierge - they were insufferable.  i was trying to mail my rent the runway dresses back and i got such lip service trying to find someone to help me.  talk about attitude.  . . Vegan wise - the restaurants all have things you can work on to veganize but its annoying and you really have to invent your own menu item - the pros being that the kitchen staff was *super* accommodating and had no problems piecing things together for me.  also there was soy milk available for coffee which is a *huge* pro when you're hungover and looking for an AM coffee.
The rooms were all redone and they were really comfortable beds.  The downside is they half assed their renovations.  New floors, beds, TV, counter tops but you keep the 1970 vanity in the bathroom.  Just very random.  . . The lady that checked my friends and me in that was from Louisiana was RUDE!  All of the check-in staff was short with all of our rooms upon check in.  You're in customer service so make sure not to be short tempered.  I understand you have a lot of people that come in but you signed up for this.  Fake it til you make it.  Or do what everyone else does, go to the break room and let off some steam and bitch there.. . You can't beat the rates and that's why our party stayed there.  I would 100% recommend the Flamingo if they had a nicer check-in staff.  Customer service sells a lot of people on hotels.
Walked over to the Flamingo from Paris to hang out with friends who were staying there....not exactly a great hotel.  This place is 2 steps above the hotels in downtown LV but 3 steps below the hotels along the strip.  If you love the smell of stale smoke in the non smoking rooms, this place would be up your alley.
So most of the reviews we read showed how the Flamingo was a bad hotel. I beg to differ. We got a great rate for room and flight through Vegas.com $236 for a flight and hotel for 2 nights, 3 days. We weren't expecting much for the room, because who stays in there room in Vegas anyways?. . POOL: Why we chose the Flamingo, THE POOL! The GO pool is totally worth the stay. There is one major big pool with a waterfall and there is a small pool towards the entrance. The upstairs area pool is for kids and families. There are palm trees in the water and there is a small lagoon area. Dancers come out at around 11 - 12:00 PM noon to dance while trendy tunes are blasting around. They have happy hour specials from 8 to 12 PM. $20 bucket of beer (5) and $5 bloody marys and Coors Light cans. There is a grotto, several drink stands and servers that walk around to take orders of food and drinks. We ordered a chicken quesadilla and chicken tenders and were super happy with the taste and portions. Can't complain here. You are not supposed to bring in food or drink. They will allow coffee and water. Yes, things are a bit expensive in regards to drinking at the pool. Their collective flamingo cup with slushy alcoholic beverage runs about $22. Get there at 8:00 AM when the pool opens, so you can get a good seat, otherwise you won't find one and you will have to lay your towel out by the pool and sit. Cabanas get booked fast. Daybeds are $249. Not sure how much lounge chairs are. Think you can book ahead on the cabanas, possibly online. NEED YOUR ID and ROOM KEY TO get into the pool, so plan ahead! Towels as you walk in. . . ROOM: We arrived around 11:00 PM. We asked for an early check in. It would have been $30, which isn't a big deal. But the lady asked us if we wanted an upgrade for $20 and she would wave the early check in rate. SOLD. Our room overlooked Caesar's Palace. The beds had white sheets and covers with a pinkish furry thing at the end of our bed. There were two Flamingo property photographs that were trendy on the walls. The couch was grey with pink trimming and our view was great. We were pleased with what we had. Yes, the bathroom looks a bit dated, but everything was functional and clean. Again, you shouldn't be in your room, so we were happy with the location on the strip and our view. The Flamingo is a great location on the strip. You can easily get to Caesar's and its about a 10-15 min walk to Bellagio and the Paris. About a 20 min walk to Cosmopolitan and Aria. Taxi cab rides to Cosmpolitan or Aria were about $10. Split the costs with your friends and you are saving a lot more money. Amenities like coffee, shampoo/conditioner in one, soap. TV was fine and the AC worked very well. . . TIP: If you have a total rewards card, you go into check in a lot quicker. We bypassed 100 guests by going into the Total Rewards line for check in. CHA CHING! If you don't have one, go over to the Total Rewards desk, get your Total rewards card and then go check in. You'll save time. Also, your Total Rewards card will get you discounts here and there on Harrah's properties (Harrahs, Flamingo, the Quad, Caesar's, Ballys etc) . . Paradise Buffet: We were planning on going off the strip for lunch, but we were at the Flamingo and saw a buffet. We paid $30 but added on a $9.99 all you can drink beer, wine, bloody marys, mimosas deal. The buffet was typical with prime rib, shrimp, chicken, pasta, salad, mac and cheese and lots of desserts. I drank my $9.99 mimosas and beers and had a great buzz going on! So, if you sit there for awhile and drink, you'll get your moneys worth, especially since all the casinos charge so much for drinks. Of course you could sit at a machine or gamble and stock up, but that could get expensive. So remember that many of the Harrah's properties have the $9.99 all you can drink option for their buffets, expect for Caesar's Bacchanal buffet.. . Casino Payoffs: Pretty good. I had luck here. Played Star Wars, played Sex and the City and the Hangover and won money, so I'm a happy camper.. . There are Flamingos as the pool, real live ones. Saw a lot of people eating at a pizza bar located by the Paradise buffet. Looked and smelled delicious. A reasonable price to stay at a central location. They have renovated areas and rooms, so give it a try. Again, dont compare it to Bellagio, Encore, Wynn or the new places. If you want to save some money, stay here.
We got what we expected. We stayed Wednesday night thru Saturday for on average $100/room if you include the daily resort fees. Definitely one of the more affordable hotels including that Friday night. Most places were asking $225+ just for that night before the additional resort fees.. . The location is perfect, right in the middle of the strip. Unfortunately, because we were right in the middle of the strip, we were equal distances from two different Walgreen's that were about a 20 minute walk each way north and south. Our option for soda was a $3 cup at the pizza place in the lobby or a $6 two-liter at their convenience store. I know what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, but how did no one tell anyone else about these awful prices?!. . The rooms were okay. Some of our outlets had exposed wires, the bathroom door lock button was missing it's cover, but nothing too end of the world. We had a pretty poor view for the cheapest room but another couple stayed with us and their view was much more pleasing to the eye. Luck of the draw, I guess.. . We signed up for the buffets for one day. This was probably the best part. We had breakfast at the Flamingo itself overlooking their zoo area filled with live flamingos, other birds, and some huge fish in the waters. That was a picturesque way to start the day.. . Nothing particularly bad about this hotel. No legendary tales either. Since this was our first time in Vegas, we spent most of the time walking around the city. . . Next time, we'll likely pay the extra $30-$40/night and stay at the Paris. We walked through there and it was much cooler (literally, must have been 72 degrees compared to 78 at the Flamingo), felt like it had a larger casino, and their 'Streets of Paris' themed mall was incredible to walk through.
Always wanted to stay at the Flamingo because of its' central location on the strip, and I finally had the opportunity to on a recent trip. Here are my thoughts:. . Pros:. - Location is excellent! They're currently building the new Linq restaurant/entertainment district right next door so it'll be even better once that opens.. - Casino is remodeled and clean, they are also remodeling their food court as well.. - Pools are AWESOME. The Go Pool plays great music, lots of people having a good time, multiple bars around the pool, and amazing waterfall. The family pool has a water slide! I'm a big kid at heart so of course I went on that bad boy a few times.. - Our room was one of the remodeled ones, so it was clean and fresh. We had the type of room with the laminate floors, which I actually prefer because carpet grosses me out.. - Wildlife habitat was pretty cool! I love flamingos and they also had toucan parrots that you could take photos with.. . Cons:. - While most of the hotel is remodeled, they really need to update their hallways. When walking to our room, the carpets were all nasty and pulled up in some areas. Looked like gross stains on the sides and it just felt like walking through a totally different hotel.. - Service was kind of crappy. When we checked in, we had to wait in a super long line. Then when we get to the front desk, we were told we could only get a room with double beds. When we go up to the room, it's still being cleaned by housekeeping, so we had to go back downstairs (with all of our stuff!) and grab a drink to kill time. Annoying!. . Overall, I don't think I will be staying here again until they update the whole hotel, but I'm still glad I experienced it!
For the price, the Flamingo was great.. . We were going to Vegas for a long weekend to hang out at a pool and didn't want to spend a ton of money on a hotel.  I've stayed at the more elite casinos and we just wanted a low key hangout.. . The GO pool did not disappoint.  You do have to get there early to get a chair, but if you don't, its so hot, setting your towel on the side of the pool and grabbing a shallow cove to hang out in all day is just fine.  . . Our room was good.  Not great, not terrible.  We did upgrade to a GO room for $22 more a night and I assume it was worth it because it was really nicely decorated.  Free safe, big bathroom, nice bed and white pleather headboard and a great view of the strip.. . There is construction going on next door so some of the foot and car traffic is rerouted, but no big deal.. . There was a long time to check in but we walked right up to the kiosk and checked in on the computer in about 2 minutes.  Same thing with checkout.  . . We had them hold our bags downstairs at the bell hop because we checked out at noon for a 4PM flight - they did a great job with no lines.  There are lines for baggage upstairs on the main lobby.. . One complaint is the lines at the coffee / breakfast spot near Sin City Brewery - each morning we waited in line for coffee and breakfast sandwiches for 20+ minutes and then another 10 minutes to get our coffee and food.  They should open more registers here or open more coffee stands.
Flamingo is one of those older gems on the strip. The casino is nice and the good court has some good options, the pizza from both pizza places is yumzo :) . Stayed here with free rooms from a certificate and I thought it was just fine.... The room size is good for Vegas and yeah it could be a little dirty here and there but nothing major. Our room was actually pretty clean. Check in was a B, the line was long but it was moving, we checked in around 11pm. . Like pretty much every casino, the servers are nice and tentative :). . The cleaning ladies did a great job keeping our room nice and provided new towels and hand towels every visit... . . Why I can't really complain it because the location is so central on the strip that you don't have to walk for hours . . I would like to check out one of the shows
Hotel is OLD, even though parts of it was recently updated it is just still old. But it is a great location. If you do not plan on spending too much time in your room this is the place to stay. Price is reasonable for what you get just dont expect luxury. . . Walls are very thin so you might here more than you want too. . The pool is decent, lots of Palm trees and shrubbery but not much swimming space as it looks like there is from the pictures online. It closes at 6pm when it is still blazing hot, especially in the summer, so get there early to enjoy.
The Flamingo doesn't blow you away by any stretch of the imagination. Location is the most desirable thing it offers. The (newly remodeled) rooms are fine if a bit over the top. I can't imagine needing or wanting a white plastic headboard but I got one anyway. Only in Vegas. The casino itself is a bit dated and needs a freshening. It's Vegas so I'm sure that freshening is just minutes away. Come in with mild expectations and enjoy the central location!
Bleh. It's not a place I would stay at twice. On the positive side, the room was very clean and spacious, and the beds were very comfortable. It has a very retro 80's feeling with the black, white, and hot pink. . . I thought it was weird that the floor didn't have any carpet though, it was a textured vinyl linoleum, which wasn't awful but I think carpet is so much better and feels more cozy and comfortable. We were also staying in a room that wasn't fully renovated, meaning that the bathroom wasn't renovated at all, there was paint chipping off of the 50 year old sink (probably exaggerating, but it was very dated). Also, the TV was about five sizes too small for the room, so it was very weird to watch, not that anyone goes to Las Vegas to watch TV, but on the off chance that anyone does, just know that the TV is tiny. The pool also closes at 6? Most people don't even get to their hotels until four or five at the earliest, I have never heard of any pool closing that early.. . I would have to say that the absolute worst part of staying there was that check in took an hour. We got there at 7:30 on a Monday, it was just a little ridiculous, I've stayed in Las Vegas Labor Day weekend, which is a very busy weekend, and never had to wait that long at all. Next to that figuring out where to park was another hassle. The casino next door was being torn down, which happened to also be where the front entrance and check in for the Flamingo was, but there was no signage as to where we had to go instead. We had to take a chance and go down some random street that led to a parking garage and thankfully it ended up being where the Flamingo entrance was. It would have just been a little helpful if on the reservation confirmation the hotel had said that there was construction going on and the entrance was somewhere other than where is should have been.. . Overall there are better places to stay in Vegas, you are going to spend the money anyways so why not spend it on one of the nicer hotels, even Bally's is a lot nicer. Or if you don't want to spend more money on one of the fancy hotels just book a room at one of the hotels that's not directly on the strip. It's still walking distance or a very short cab ride, but the hotel is cheaper.
We stayed at the flamingo this past week and were pretty happy. We had one of the renovated rooms so it was a cute pink color which I loved. I did not like that the bathroom had a sliding door so not really any privacy. We had a decent view of the pool and the room was clean. The pillows were way too fluffy and had to sleep on the bed without one :/ Also. the last day we were there house keeping came into our room without even knocking so not really happy about that. . . The location of this hotel is awesome and right in the middle of the strip. They recently renovated the hotel so it has a food court and a mexican restaurant. The food was ok but of course pricey. The buffet was also alright. . . The line for the pool on saturday was ridiculous and every day we were there (wednesday-sunday) we couldn't find a place to put our towels so had to keep our stuff next to us on the floor and sit in the pool which was ok. It got packed on the weekends. The drinks were expensive by the pool.. . The part I was really annoyed with was the parking. We tried to park saturday night and half the parking lot is for valet while the other half is for the hilton guests and trying to get around in that parking lot is a nightmare. Also, valet was lined up that night and was told we'd have to wait for valet... well isn't that the point of having a valet so you don't have to wait? Had to park in some sketchy parking lot a bit of a walk from the hotel. . . Oh, and check in is an absolute nightmare. Thank god i'm a total rewards member and didn't have to wait in a line because if I wasn't it would probably have been a good hour and a half.
If you're going to stay here, get the Go Room. Not the Fab or the Fab Deluxe room, get the Go Room. They're newly renovated and on a floor that is separate from the cheaper rooms, it's worth the cost increase. The Fab rooms have walls as thin as paper and the adjoining doors between rooms have a large gap under the door, so you can hear your neighbor clear as day. So don't be me and book a Fab room because it's cheaper, and you won't have to try and sleep with a loud, pot smoking (not that that's a bad thing), up all night, crazy drunk neighbor. With that aside, the Flamingo is a great place to stay for the money, middle of the strip, lots of places to dine early or late. The X-Burlesque show is GREAT! But buy your tickets at Tiks-Tonite down by Ballys. They're half the price all day every day!
Stayed here recently for a few days, it was nicer than I expected but not amazing. We stayed in a recently renovated go room with a strip view. The view was awesome looking right at Caesars Palace. The walls were somewhat thin, I'm not a fan of having the resort people hocking "free shows" in the lobby. Only one real complaint and that is our do not disturb sign "disappeared" seemingly about 15 minutes after returning from the pool and maid service almost walked in on us. Maybe it was taken but I have a feeling maid service was just impatient and wanted to clean the room.
Stayed here 9/11/13 - 9/16/13. Not our first time in Vegas but 1 st time staying here..  . We arrived about 2:30 pm shuttle drops you off across street do to construction but was not a bad walk maybe a block in a half. Long lines at check in but I'm a platinum member so you skip the long lines the girl checking us in was very polite and was smiling and very quick and we were on our way to room.. . Our room one of our keys worked when we got there one did not. Room was great on    the 26th floor had a view of the strip. Room was very clean bed super comfy. tv in bathroom mirror . It was the room we booked :) had a fridge and coffee maker. shower was awesome great water pressure and got very hot. had maid service everyday and they did a great job always left clean towels cleaned roomed  etc. there was construction on that side of building but they were not out there late or real early and not on Sunday. had no problems with that. Walls are thin though could hear the people next door they had there music loud first night but hey it's Vegas ...lol. So keys after unpacking we went back down to desk and did not have to wait in line and very nice girl gave us two new keys and they both worked through out rest of stay.. . Now the elevators OMG  they are old and scary the creaked and shook and made load noises. they also we slow had to wait pretty long for them. the one timegoing down to casino from our floor one opened we got in it started to beep real loud and would not move and doors would not open back up was totally scared finally doors opened we rushed out and waited for another one. So Flamingo Please Please fix these worn out elevators. . . Casino we stayed here for two reason I'm a Big Jimmy Buffett fan so Margaritaville  and casino are here and center strip. We always love Margaritaville and there casino. The flamingo casino is very confusing layout. . . The restaurants we ate at Paradise Cafe food was good and service was good. food court ok for a fast bite although Johnny  Rockets staff did not seem  to know what they were doing. Paradise Buffet was good lots of food was very good.. . So would we stay here again .........no we like to stay at different places every time we come to Vegas.
I've been told the flamingo was recently renovated, and it showed in the rooms. The floors were nice, the beds comfortable, and the view of Vegas was probably the best part. I didn't visit the casino much, but it didn't seem like anything special. . . There were a few annoying things during our stay. They would only give us two room keys for four people, and coordinating between people with different agendas can be frustrating. We requested extra blankets for our room, and were told there were none available. That seems slightly ridiculous for a hotel of this size.
Mostly swell but some at front desk (ahem, "Terri") should be banned from hotel employment. Room fine; nonsmoking did not have smoke; cool pool (but zillions of people much of the time); grounds in rear nice. Chapel should be considered if marrying - not great, but somewhat private-ish and serene.. . Business center internet 100% nonfunctional and customer service phone there was out of order.  No personnel to help, possibly on entire floor. Found a janitor to give me a number for business center support, and it said for me to sit there for 45 mins. to 2 hours when an outside contractor could be located and sent. Iasked "Terri" at front desk, what can they do for me, and while I secretly hoped I'd get $20 gambling credit while I waited, I was shocked that she blasted *me* for the Flamingo Las Vegas's ineptness. Unbelievable. If you saw it you'd be shocked too (as were patrons waiting in line as I passed them).. . She wasn't the only unfriendly, unprofessional front desk person. And in case you think this is a whine, read my stock. I praise and reward good service, am neutral for average, and believe me, three at their front desk (mostly "Terri") should be banned from all forms of customer service employment. Though that's a fictional request, they truly are that bad.. . I also asked a random customer at the pay-slot internet kiosk near tower elevators if that worked. She said she burned $20, still was trying to get it to print a flight boarding pass, and that the front desk said they weren't responsible.. . P. S. the front desk queue design is horrid anyway. Lots of dead time with no one in front of queue going up until an agent comes over and yells NEXT! (And they have to, it's so noisy). . But a cool pool, nice room (cool curtain control!), card key success rate 100% on one card and 0% on other (one more wait in front desk line!!), room safe small but practical. Monorail access very easy.. . Their version of the fascist "Las Vegas resort fee" was $20 in September 2013. And city planners still hate cab drivers and riders, because the cab lines on the strip were stupidly atrocious, and at the airport on a weekday morning, insane. Come on, Vegas. You have people waiting in line to buy a product, and lines of suppliers wanting to provide it. What's the problem?!
I can only give this place three stars due to location and that's it. It took an incredibly long time to check in.  There was construction next to the building. The room was clean but sound traveled terribly throughout the floor.  The maid never came to clean our room after the first night. The courtyard with the flamingos was the nicest thing about the casino.  Needs to be updated more and what is the fascination with Donnie and Marie?  I will never get it or stay there again. If you want cheap and quick access to the strip there are other, better places.
The Flamingo is, in my opinion,  the last remaining "old school" casino in Vegas. I can picture some dude named Vinny, who may or may not have some nebulous mob ties, sitting behind thick glass counting money, screaming for a cannoli, wearing a luxurious coat of chest hair and sporting a diamond encrusted pinky ring. Initially, i thought i was being a little racist, but then I met Vinny, our pit boss, and I didn't feel quite so racist anymore. . . The casino does exude that old school charm, though. Perhaps some of that charm is attributable to the fact that parts of the hotel just seem...old. Besides the casino, I would assume that most of the hotel has not been remodeled in a while, or if it has been remolded, someone did  a poor job. But, the good thing about the hotel is that it doesn't share most of the newer hotel's modern decorating flair. There is no worse fad for a fat guy then modern decorating. Yea, the super slim all leather chair/ottoman hybrid is cool...unless you're bigger than a tiny child. Then the seat gets up when you get up, which is decidedly not cool. Also, the price reflects the older status of the hotel, so you can save a few duckets if you're trying to do Vegas on a budget.. . Check-in can be a hassle depending on how you choose to do it. We used a debit card, so we had to pay in advance, and give credit/debit cards for everyone in he room.   The rooms themselves are nothing spectacular. You'll find the bare essentials inside. The cable has a propensity to go out, so in the strange case you come to Vegas to only watch movies, you may be out of luck. While we were there, some guy doing construction across the way severed a power line and the whole hotel was out of power. The issue was not the hotel's fault and was resolved quickly, though. If you plan on going to Vegas and don't mind a slightly older hotel, perhaps you should give the Flamingo a try.
Buyer Beware!!  I was frustrated with the Flamingo Hotel because when I checked in they said there was a mandatory resort fee of $19+ per day.  It was not on the Flamingo website or at least not easily found despite what then night manager insisted.  Further I had called the Flamingo hotel before making my reservation with  because I noticed some Las Vegas hotels such as Mandalay Bay require it.  I was told it wasn't required..  The staff otherwise was great and the hotel room was clean  and comfortable
Time for a review update....you can read my prior one for more details, but it's been a while since I wrote it and many of the items still apply.  In my opinion, the absolute best time to stay here  is the weekend when Jimmy Buffet plays in Vegas.  He plays Vegas every year at the MGM Grand, but he has a Margaritaville restaurant/bar located at the Flamingo and it's one giant Parrothead party all weekend long.  . . After we left Vegas 3 yrs ago, we make the annual pilgrimage back to Vegas for this weekend and stay here.  The rooms are cheap and not the best in town, but we are willing to trade off quality for the party atmosphere and not having to go back and forth to another hotel....it's fun!  Besides that, you can take the monorail from the Flamingo to the MGM Grand right at the Arena where he plays....easy access to the concert.. . We can't wait to go back next year!. . Return Factor - 90%
Let's make this short and sweet, shall we?. . For reference, we stayed in the Go Deluxe Suite. . . Pros: . - Smack dab in the middle of the Strip. - Cheap tables (for the Strip). - Affordable rooms. - TV inside my bathroom mirror (awesome for getting ready). - That awesome "Flamingo-ey" smell that you can't get anywhere else!. - Late night food court. . Cons:. - Rooms are clearly older, including carpet, TV's, lighting, and decor. - Elevators are scary as hell. (This coming from a person who takes an elevator every day to get to my apartment). - Valet is so slow. It pained me to tip after waiting 30 minutes to get my car. . - Hotel is next door to the Bill's remodel and construction is loud and constant. (Has been going on for about a year and will continue for at least another year). - BLACK HOLE of internet and phone service.. . After staying at Flamingo, I think in the future I will just come here to gamble rather than to sleep. The hotel is a little too outdated for me and I missed some of the glitz and glam that you get when you stay at places like Palazzo.
Get a go-deluxe suite. Um...I paid 105 for thurs-sat. total, 105$. How can I not like this place? Cheap tables, clean rooms. Yeah, its run down, but that's just part of the fabulous Flamingo. I'm glad this place is here. I would stay again. Your dollar will holler at the Flamingo, and its a fun place:). PLUS, My room didnt get robbed like at the Hilton Elara, the worst most unsafe hotel that doesnt give a shit about anyone on the strip.
Room was nice. The building is too old.  Got room @$98/day (Including tax & resort fee) at Thanksgiving weekend. Free self parking available but took time to find a free spot during peak hours. Have to pay extra for wifi and internet. Customer Service is just okay. And last but not least, they won't pick your call if you try the number which they mentioned in their website (702-***-***). So better not waste your time and phone battery.. I would recommend other hotels which you will get by paying an extra $10-20/day, that will be new and has more ambiance.
The good: Customer service from every Flamingo employee was superb. Steve, who checked us in, was about as nice and pleasant as they come. Table minimums were always low. . . Hotel cleanliness was spot on. My wife took out a baby wipe and wiped various fixtures and the wipe stayed clean!!! Very comfy beds.. . The bad: Those pillows!!! Made for a dragon's head. Like sleeping against a 200 bound body builder.  So humongous,  instant neck kink. I wrapped a towel in a pillow case. Shower water temp stayed super cold then got insanely hot. No warm, I guess. Loss of two stars for terrible night sleep and less than pleasing shower. We stayed in the brand new fab deluxe rooms too.. . Random: no idea why the margarita casino is attached to main Flamingo casino. A casino within a casino?  One is old school classy and the other is like Tommy Bahamas wet dream. WtF?. . Good value, good location.
I've stayed in this hotel a lot.  It's not an elite hotel, in fact, at best a mediocre hotel. The casino is small and quite boring.  So why do I stay here?  Well, first of all, due to my Total Rewards card, I get comps here.  When I don't they are cheap.  The rooms are clean and big.  The location is pretty good.  Cheap table games are hard to find on the strip, but they can be found here.  Dealers are nice and remember me.  Parking is terrible here and often the valet is full.  The rooms that have been renovated are good.  The casino needs some serious modifications since they are dated.  But, I'm sure I'll be back due to the nice comp program with Total Rewards.
Not the  greatest place. No blankets for the beds. No fan in bathroom. No not water. Baby crying in next room.  Emergency sounds going off. Gaysua
This hotel is a good value for the price you pay. The newly remodeled rooms are nice and clean. . . There are a few small quirks. For example, the first thing you typically do when you get to your hotel room is turn on a light. Unfortunately, the light switch next to the door isn't connected to one. An employee in the hall told us that there used to be a light connected to that switch but when the hotel remodeled they put a mirror where the light used to be. Mirrors are nice...but light is important. So I had to feel my way to the bathroom so I could turn on that light before finding my way into the room. . . The rooms are decorated with modern, updated furniture. The mattress is very firm, so whether or not you like that will depend on personal preference. However, the bathroom was not included in the makeover. . . The daily resort fee ($18) is charged regardless of whether or not the services are used. We did use the wifi everyday. We did not use the gym at all. Limited hours. It would be nice if it was open later or if the hot tub was included in the high daily fee. If you want to use the hot tub it is an additional $10/person/day. . . Housekeeping was great for the most part. I wish the hotel had a process in place if you want to re-use your towel. We received fresh towels daily which seemed like a little bit of a waste. Most hotels have a sign that says if you want fresh towels to leave them on the floor and if you want to re-use keep them hanging. It could save a lot of cost and resources if guests are given the option.. . My biggest complaint was that on our day of check-out we received a knock on our door asking if we wanted the room cleaned. We had the do not disturb sign on the door. After talking with the person knocking on doors it was pretty clear they just want to make sure we are checking out that day. I could understand the knock if it was check-out day and after check out time, however this was at about 9am. Luckily, we were up and getting ready to be out of the room, but I was offended that the do not disturb was just ignored and would have been upset if I had been sleeping. . . Overall, this is a good value for the cost if you want to be on the strip and want a clean room.
I got a great price. 67 for one night. Room was nice, but the bathroom was really small. Great location. Right in the middle of everything. The hotel overall was in my opinion a bit run down. I give it 3 stars.
