If variety and sheer volume matter to your buffet pleasure, look no further. Wait times can be long but the reward is a one of a kind experience. The buffet is divided by geography (Italian, Chinese, Japanese, American, etc.) and also has the requisite carving stations, build your own stir-fry, etc. In the center is the dessert station, with gelato (which is good, but more like regular ice cream than gelato), cakes, pies, truffles, pudding, and more. Let's just say you're not going to come to a place like this if you're on a diet. Overall, the food is as good as any buffet, but beats them all in diversity and options.
Came here with the family because we were so hungry and I didn't want to have to wait on any order. But, I forgot about the lines outside of buffets. So waiting was obviously what the stars had aligned for me that evening. . . They have a great variety of everything but food is just decent though. I tend to stick to soup and salad anyways. Sometimes, I'll try their pasta because I'm very picky with buffet pastas and it wasn't bad. I loved their small selection of dim sum and it sure was yummy! I was all over that section. They also had an Asian selection of noodle soup, from pho, to udon even wonton just minus the wontons? And you could also add your selection of meatballs for pho, or beef and even fish to your noodles. They also had sushi, I wasn't a fan of it, but they had maki sushi so I took out the salmon and dipped it in wasabi and soy sauce and had small dices of sashimi myself, that was my highlight of the night! Getting my sushi fix. . . The only downside to it was, a lady had slipped on some food and fell to the ground and they weren't helpful at all to help pick her back up. So that was a big disappointment. One lady was more concerned about cleaning the food around her! Their service was horrible. I know it's a buffet, but it's not acceptable to have two stacks of plate sitting on the table for 30 minutes!
OMG the line was ridiculously long.  I swear I almost passed out waiting in it.  Went early afternoon and probably waited for over an hour.   You think it would be faster because its a buffet and we saw a ton of tables open :/ Its good that they have the kiosk to process the payment to make it a tad faster.  If you're in a big group be prepared to wait longer.  Your best bet is to split up if you want to eat. . . The food was just okay.  They had different types of food ranging from Mexican,  Asian, breakfast, Japanese, etc.  The seafood was what I was going for.  I actually wanted to go to the all you can seafood place in Rio but it was actually only open in the evening. . . The buffet here was about 25 bucks- typical Las Vegas price tag.  The dessert was plentiful and I enjoyed getting the gelato. . . My pick for buffets in Vegas would still be  Wynn and Cravings in Mirage.
24 hour All-You-Can-Eat Buffet passes for 34, please? . . Yeah, our family rolls deep. REAL DEEP. We, cheap Vietnamese families, decided to do the deal where you can go to any of the participating 7 buffets for $39.95 for 24 hours. Didn't really work out for me because after all the drinking and clubbing, all I wanted was a bowl of pho. And I hate waiting in line.. . We got there around 6 pm and waited over 2 hours in line. Ughh. I think by the time I got in, I didn't have the energy to eat. . . Rio has a huge diverse range of food, so there's many things to choose from. The best part was probably the tri-tip. I also loved the lemon salmon fillet. Everything else tastes like mediocre buffet food.. . Desserts were decent. I literally took one bite of almost everything they had there. I would say the things worth eating would be the cream puffs and fruit tart. Their gelato was no comparison to the Wynn's though.
For my first ever Vegas buffet this place was a good choice. They had so much to choose from and from what I heard from my friends that this buffet is one of the biggest ones in Vegas. I was however very disappointed in the crab legs. They were definitely not fresh and tasted as if they were sitting out for awhile then dumped in the freezer for a quick chill.
I was set on trying the buffet at the Wynn, but I couldn't pass up a deal for the Carnival World Buffet.  Tix4Tonight offered the Carnival World Buffet at the Rio for $12.95, which is over 50% off the regular price for the dinner service.  We went ahead and made plans for the dinner buffet and headed to the Rio.. . The buffet wasn't too difficult to find within the Rio Resort and a steady line greeted us.  I neglected to remember that most buffets have long lines of customers waiting to get in, but luckily we only waited about 30-45 minutes on this particular Saturday night.  Once reaching the register, we paid the price as promised by Tix4Tonight.  The price seemed like a bargain, especially for a Las Vegas buffet.. . A hostess walked us over to our table and let us loose on their food offerings.  I eye fucked their selection and browsed before going wild on their food.  The buffet name does its justice as the selection has everything you might imagine including:  Asian, Mexican, American, Italian, and Seafood.  I made the mistake of mixing all kinds of food, which didn't agree with my stomach.  Nevertheless, the food selection was impressive and looked great.. . I went ahead and tried their Italian selection first and the pasta was good, but not great.  The pasta seemed overcooked and the sauce was lacking flavor.  Next up, I tried the Mexican and had some fajitas, rice and beans, tamales, and tortillas.  The Mexican was average, yet much better than the Italian.  The fajitas had a great flavor and were nicely tendered and were nicely paired with the grilled onions and tortillas.  I wanted to try a few more things before giving up.  I went ahead and tried their BBQ ribs and was pleasantly surprised at how flavorful and tasteful they were.. . Although my dress shirt buttons were on the verge of popping, I went ahead and had my way with their desserts. The desert selection was just as impressive as their food with lots to choose from. I was set on trying their gelato and eclairs.  The gelato was as delicious as it looked and is a must-try for gelato fans.  The eclairs were just as equally delicious and were a great way to end the food binge.. . The selection and quality of food at Carnival World Buffet was average at best.  The selection is impressively large, but the food wasn't what I hoped for.  The food quality was average and didn't impress me much.  However, given the price I paid, $12.95, I can't complain much.  If you're trying to save a few dollars, the Carnival World Buffet is a good bet.
Step one:  Located Tix4Tonight. Buy buffet passes at the glorious half price of $12.95. Step two: Eat nothing until you use the passes.. Step three: Walk, drive, fly, crump your way to the Rio.. Step four: Wait in line for about half an hour, grumpily as you complain and whine to companions that there are plenty of empty tables!. Step five: Finally make it to cashier and hand them the buffet pass, then pay. Wait in one of 4 mini lines to be seated.. Step six: Get table finally, order drinks.... Step seven: Push the elderly, small children and friends out of your way as you let out a T-Rex roar and fling tables over to get to the food.. Step: Enjoy... walking home, friendless and full!. . The line for the crab legs wasn't too bad, if you time it right and they had delicious prime rib. The fried chicken with Louisiana hot sauce was superb and so was the fried calamari. The fried scallops were over cooked and the sushi was just ok. The pork ribs were delicious to me but my friend thought they were too fatty. Well, he's a fatty SO HMPH! He's not really, I just am good at picking ribs and felt he was wrong. The deserts were ok, gelato was too tart. All the flavors were too tart. Be prepared, there is a line for the gelato. The carrot cake with that cream cheese frosting was MMMMMMDAYUMGOOD. . . The service was good, our waiter was spot on and good humored. My water cup was constantly refilled and plates were taken away as soon as there was a stack.. . There were 2 drunk chicks trying to get free drinks from the bartender. Dinner AND a show! Vegas, you are too kind..  . Overall, it was a pretty decent meal. I ate so much, it gave me amnesia and I don't remember everything that I ate. I'd come back.
I was not impressed by this buffet as the rest of my friends. The fish was not very fresh (and I tried 3: salmon, trout and catfish). However, I like the fact that they have many selections...like they had pho and tom yum noodle soup (and you can put your own fish balls and meat in it). The dessert bar was good though because they had many different flavors of gelato and a variety of sweets. Even though the food was ok, it's still a must try!. The service was great! The waiter even gave us a bottle of hand sanitizer to use. . Beware: the line to get in and pay was very confusing.
OK first off this place is huge. my friend was like i need a seq way to get all the way over to the pizza. once again a group of friends went for the Sunday brunch. the place was very clean. the wait in line was very short. they have a separate line for locals that is shorter and faster. the food was great too from breakfast to sushi. and believe me i had all of it i think. my caloric intake that day exceeded my limit. the waiter was a little non existent for awhile. the only complaint was that it was 25.00 and there was no local discount. the Rio offers discounts on all the buffets but the Sunday brunch. for the cost its not that great a value but it was a nice clean venue
Well after the hype I have to give this buffet a 3*!!! But I do plan on going to eat BREAKFAST there instead of dinner because in all honesty I wasn't a big fan of their dinner. We went because we heard it was the best one on the strip, but my friend was telling me that its the BREAKFAST buffet thats good... . . But the service was wack... I was thirsty half the time and homegirl wouldn't fill up my dranks fast enough.. LMAOOOO... But I'll give it one more shot if I go back and get that wrist band! LOL
I don't see what the big deal is.  Everyone told me that this is the best Buffett.  I don't think. I haven't been to any others but I dint think that this Buffett is the best. The breakfast is way better than dinner. and the basically have the same stuff for breakfast as dinner too! lol
Widest selection of foods to choose from in all the "Buffet of Buffet" restaurants.  But, if you are going here for dinner on a busy weekend with the Buffet of Buffet deal, prepared to wait a very long time to get seated.  We arrived at 7, and didn't actually get seated until 8:30-9 PM.  The buffet items in general are very good from various regions of the world, but I probably won't try out this buffet again unless I am actually staying at the Rio due to the very long wait.
5th buffet in 7 during the Buffet of Buffets adventure.  This buffet has a good variety of food.  They offer a miso soup machine, which I enjoyed.  It dispenses the soup nice and hot and then you add as much tofu, kelp, and green onions as you want.  It was pretty tasty and that is a compliment given that this was my 5th buffet of the day.. . I haven't been back here in years and the renovations that they did are really nice.  They have a booth in the VIP section that has a fountain running through it.  It's hard to explain - you just have to see it.  But it's pretty cool.. . The staff will make Asian dishes fresh for you.  It's called a teppanyaki station but it's more like a Mongolian grill setup to me.  You fill a bowl up with vegetables, noodles, ginger, garlic, and other things.  Hand it to them and let them know if you want shrimp, chicken or beef.  They grill it up for you.  It was ok.  I would do this vegetarian next time.  The shrimp tasted nasty - like dirt.  But the veggies were good.. . One of my pet peeves with buffets is that they sometimes make you hunt for condiments.  This buffet has this issue.  The butter was not by the bread.  I had to hunt around and I think I found it somewhere in the salad bar.  . . The line was pretty long when we got there at 3pm but we had line passes so we skipped that.  If you get seated in the VIP section, you can get champagne until about 4pm.  I'm not sure about the regular seating area.  Decent buffet, but there are better ones in town.
yes, lot of selections, but nothing really stand out.  The thing I like the most is is mango gelato (ice-cream), it's better than the one from the other buffets, like the texture and overall tasting.  however, the terameisu gelato has too much rum to my liking.  overall, the desert area is kind of disappointing.  Good: egg roll, clam chowder, customized stir fry (the vegetable taste good, meat ... chicken I picked didn't have much taste, and since it's chicken breast, kind of dry), don't have room for shrimp and prime ribs, but looks juicy, and semi raw (the way I like it).  have some wontons without  noodles.  crab legs are huge and they are not split in half so it's easier for the customers to spoon  the meat out like Spice Market.  This is the 3rd buffet in 24 hours, we got there around 5pm on Friday night. around 10 person waiting.  Since I wasn't happy about the desert, I went to Paris afterward to fix my sweet tooth. =p
This use to be one of my favorite buffets in Vegas, but then I came across the Bellagio and Studio B. I still want to give this place credit though for having so much food (and for it being pretty delicious).. . Atmosphere: It's pretty spacious. The line can get kind of long though, so try not to go during peak eating hours. Like the Bellagio Buffet, you can kind of start from anywhere - there is no buffet line/path paved for you.. . Food: Ahhh, it literally is like a world buffet. They have American, Italian, Chinese, Mexican, Japanese, Mongolian BBQ, and so, so much more. Most of the food is pretty good although I'm not too big on their sushi. It's cool to try a little bit (and if you are trying everything, I sincerely mean a little bit. If I could italicize "a little bit" I would) of everything. The desserts are average, but YAY FOR GELATO =). . Service: Our waiters/waitresses are always really quick with our drinks/refills/any other things we need.. . It's a good thing this place is on the Buffet of Buffets - it's one of the better ones out there.
This is the second of a multi-part series of reviews on Las Vegas. Visit my profile for the full saga. Shameless plug ends here.. . Carnival World, much like Limbo, is not bad, but there are many other better buffets in the area. For the price, the selection was dissapointing. ~$20 for lunch and no crab. No crab! NO CRAB! NOOOO CRAB!!!!. . Stay away from the sushi. Proper, moist, cooked to perfection sushi rice should not make loud crunching noises when chewed, nor should it require more than five minues to achieve adequate chewing.. . The roast beef was however adequately juicy, rare and fatty, but it was one of two saving graces of the buffet. The other being the gelatto. I nearly achieved inebriation attempting to get my money's worth from the tiramisu. Liqueur alert!. . Final prognosis, save your money and find better buffets. Don't mean to shamelessly plug my reviews again, but see my profile for examples of better places to eat.
This place has steadily gone down hill since my first visit three years ago. Granted it's an almost direct proportion to Vegas slow sinking in general.. . The prime rib and roast beef were so over cooked it was practically inedible and the selection of Asian food that used to include some delicious Indian and Thai entree's is down to basic Chinese and Japanese items with samosas which is pretty disappointing. . The saving graces of the world buffet are the crab legs, and desserts like the red velvet, carrot, and cheese cake.  The cheese cake is easily one of the best I have had.  It is so creamy and delicious.  The Mexican food also had some great options like mole chicken.. . Our first waitress was pretty much hostile in trying to get us out of the buffet, but the second waiter was awesome so 3 stars
It still makes me mad everytime I walk into a restaurant and have to wait 20-40 minutes or even an hour for a table even though they have tables available. This is the Carnival buffet. Why make everyone besides the Diamond and Platinum folks wait? Lines to pay and get seated were slow.. . After the slow lines, the buffet was pretty good. They never ran out of the key crab legs, shrimp and prime rib cuts. . . They sat us wayyy by the waiting line so it was a trek to walk to every food station.. . Salads, Mexican, Chinese, Japanese, Pizza, etc...etc....I didn't mind the food and must of went up 3-4 times for my dinner. Also hit up the nice dessert station for brownies, gelatos, carrot cake, etc.
My friends and I decided to come here for dinner since the seafood buffet was open yet. We were expecting long lines, but surprisingly there was NO line at all? was it a sign that this buffet is not good? lol. . We were told that parties 10 or more are required to pay gratuity up front. fine whatever, just seat us so we can eat! . . I love how this buffet had a lot to offer. they had a wide selection of food!!!!! (chinese, japanese, mexican, american, etc...!) I personally liked the mexican food here! the tacos i made were delicious!  Other than that this place is OKAY! i've definitely been to better buffets in Vegas!
Good price, but food quality is okay. Maybe it's because the line is always so long and you build up too high of expectations. But for a place that emphasizes their international food, I don't think it's any more special than an upscale food court.
The holiday price for this past MDW was $27 for their dinner buffet.. This is a relatively moderate price compared to other hotel buffets on the strip.. They had a large variety of food at this buffet but the quality was a little lack luster.. Since I had been drinking all day I wasn't able to handle much food so I only ate their fries and a few pieces of california roll.. My friends tried a little bit of everything and thought that it was good for a buffet but not the best.. From my own experience, the fries were terrible and so dry they might as well have been stale, but the california roll was amazing! I tried to take a nap in our booth for a brief period but was informed by my waiter that I would beescorted out by security if I couldn't hold myself up long enough to finish my meal ]:
This used to be one of the top notch Vegas buffets back in the day, but unfortunately has slowly declined since then. I was super excited to come back here after there is a fabulous deal locals can get on weekdays ($9 entry for lunch!), and expecting a killer deal for a killer place with food, was greatly disappointed in the quality of such. I give it three stars because of the outstanding variety of food that's here (American, Mexican, Asian, seafood, desserts galore, you name it!) Otherwise, the food is two stars at best. . . Going on a very slow afternoon for a Tuesday, we instantly were sat with a party of six no problem. Our servers were quick with our drinks, and speaking of drinks... $3 special on long islands and margaritas? This special only went on until 3PM, and either they made my long island too sugary or judging by the crowd that comes in there (usually elderly people and middle aged people, no offense!), I personally don't think there was enough alcohol to even it out (and no I'm not an alcoholic, LOL). . . The shrimp and the seafood is fresh and plentiful, as well as the fruit stocked by the salad bar. While I try to stick with light vegetarian things, some of my friends noted the hamburgers were dry, as well as the chicken. The tofu was pretty good sans the tofu salad mixed in with cucumbers (they used too much vinegar or something in it, I couldn't exactly tell what the marinade was). The gelato is obviously the happy ending of it all, but I wish Carnival was as good with quality as it is great with the quantity. There are better buffets to have elsewhere in Vegas, but I would say take advantage of the $9 special they have for locals for the seafood... at least that part is worth it!
I just want to preface this review by saying I ate at this buffet prior to reading about the cockroach problem outlined by a previous poster. LOL. . This knocked my 4 star rating down to 3 stars. . . I actually had a great experience at this place and loved the food selections and variety. My husband and I purchased bracelets as part of the "Buffet of Buffets" tour. Of all the buffets on the tour, this one was the best. Really I should say it was the best of the worst. LOL. . . One thing I don't understand is the cold crab legs. I am from the East Coast (Maine) and we only serve crab legs steaming hot. Every place I went in Vegas was serving them cold. This must be an East coast/West coast thing. I suppose at a buffet type of place might run the risk of overcooking the legs and making them tough. . . Personally I prefer my crab legs warm as the crab flavors are much more enhanced when heated. Honestry I was a little hesitant to try crab at any of the buffets we went to in Vegas because many of the crab stations did not appear to be heated or cooled properly. The Rio appeared to be an exception to this.
This buffet is not bad... for the price I paid! I got the $40 dollar 24 hour buffet deal. For some of you who don't know what I'm talking about... there is a deal where you can eat 7 different Vegas buffets anytime you want! Well of course when its open. I can't name all 7 because heard that most of them kind of suck. I recommend Paris buffet for breakfast, Planet Hollywood for lunch and Rio for dinner. The food here is okay, but no buffet beats the one at the M hotel. If you've never been to the M, that is a must stop on the way to Vegas or on the way back. It's pretty far off the strip, but so worth it.
I've made it a point to always go to a champagne brunch everytime I go to Vegas. My first champagne brunch encounter was at Paris. Last time we went to the Buffet at Wynn, and this time it was time to try Rio's World Buffet. They are all good in their own way - this one was HUGE though. I had to walk a long ways to get to the end of it, and it wasn't half bad. I'm going to say that I still like Paris best though. The atmosphere there is really nice, and I think the desserts there are the best. Rio's buffet had a lot of different foods that the other buffets don't have though, since it's supposed to be an International Buffet, and so there are different stations for different countries. Pretty good.
I arrived here far beyond the normal level of hungry. Breakfast consisted of some kind of meat (served by a very attractive and tall hunk of man meat), bacon, hash browns, waffles, milk and coffee. What is scary is that doesn't even come close to covering what is offered. It did run me $15 which is more then I would normally spend on breakfast, but this was an exception and well worth it. Might try to find a cheaper option in the hotel, but am happy with what I did have to eat.
Went here today for the first time for a group lunch....also marked my first visit to a Vegas buffet ever.  (Yeah, so what??)  Since it's summer, the place wasn't busy at all, but I can imagine it could be other times of the year.  Price is good: show your NV ID for a 50% discount (lunch was about $9/person after discount).. . Place is huge, non-alcoholic drinks and refills are included in the price, and the food offerings are organized by ethnic cuisine: American (chicken-fried steak, mashed potatoes, fries, etc.), Asian (noodle station, teppenyaki station, westernized Chinese food...), Italian (pasta and cheese....), etc.  Food quality is pretty good for a buffet and the number of choices plentiful.  (I can't comment on anything with dairy as I can't eat that, boo).  I was disappointed with the dessert section, first for the number of treats I could not have due to the disturbing (to me!) dairy -- those particular sweets included mini custard tarts with whipped cream, a gelato bar, and cheesecakes.  I did sample a slice of cherry pie (good but not extremely fresh tasting), the (soupy) peach cobbler, and a little square of bland chocolate cake that could have used more cocoa.. . I would come here again for a value priced lunch if I were in the area.  Not my first choice, as I'd rather patronize off-strip locales, but I was glad to shed my buffet virginity....so to speak!
2nd time: I've always thought of Carnival World Buffet as the big brother of the buffets at Rio, upstaged by the Seafood Buffet.. . Carnival World Buffet tries to be what it sounds like, a buffet with foods from allover the world.  The selection is huge, and the spans from one end of the restaurant to the other.. . As with any buffet, there's a carving station.  Prime rib isn't bad but the other proteins were... meh.  Seafood selection is the typical as well.  Crab legs, cocktail shrimp, fried seafood etc.  I do think I'm a little spoiled by the buffets at the higher end hotels though, since the crab legs were already but in half for you :P  But of course, the selection for seafood can't be compared to the other buffet at Rio.  . . Mexican food is... alright.  Looked like what my high school would serve.  The churro was a surprise though.  I was lucky enough to get some right when it came out so it was crispy and you really can't beat a fresh churro.. . For some reason, I actually sorta liked the Asian food section... maybe cause that whole weekend I was eating Western food.  So it was nice to have a little change.. . The best part about the desserts is definitely the rotating gelato display.  You go up, tell the server what you want, and he'll press a button so the machine will spin towards the right flavor.  Pretty cool.  I think I stood there for like 5 minutes watching him do that.  Probably thought I was a weirdo haha.. . Carnival is perfect if you want a lot of choices and variety.  The selection is truly the best part about this buffet and I definitely wouldn't mind coming back.  The price is reasonable and the service here is great.  But if you are used to buffets at the Wynn or Bellagio, then this place might seem a little too average!
A pretty decent buffet (especially with the Buffet of Buffets pass), but often had really long lines, and the food wasn't up to the standard of the Paris or ph Spice Market.. . I went a few times, and the food quality was inconsistent -- the carved meat was almost raw one day (and I do like rare), and at other times was medium-well, slow cooked by a heat lamp.  There were unlimited crab legs and shrimp, but they really weren't all that good -- and the mexican section was public high school level.. . The one stand-out was the gelato selection in the middle; the other desserts, including no-sugar-added cheesecake, were good too.  The pay-as-you-go bar was good and well priced too (especially during happy hour), and the included soft drinks table service was prompt and attentive.
I guess I'll keep this one short and sweet as I know future follow-ups will be posted.  With all the new hotels and buffet places sprouting on and off the strip, I feel as if Rio's have lost some of it's touch!  It's my 4th time coming here this year and will probaby be back on Labor Day weekend, that's if we don't go to that one letter initial buffet/hotel place off the strip :-). . Some Highlights:. . - Selection: Italian, breakfast, Mexican, all the mainstream Asian food, and seafood. - Crablegs galore: My bf is in heaven!. - Great staff service: Even though all they do is serve drinks, all my experiences have been quite pleasant and friendly.  This past weekend, one gave me his contact for club promoter hookups.. . - DESSERT:  This is my favorite part of the this buffet!  My bf and I come to this place solely for the all you can eat gelato and cannolis (sp?).  Yes, we have a sweet tooth indeed!  There are variety of flavors and I introduced it to one of my gfs this weekend and she it was to die for!!!  I've must've died several times and gone to gelato heaven!!!. . Overall.... Okay, enough about my gelato and canolli (sp?) obssessions!  I can't really say anything extremely bad about this place.  Ten years ago, I would've rated it with 5 stars.  But for the food selection, quality, service, and the length of time waiting in line (less than 20 min on not-so-busy time), Rio is your average Vegas buffet with the not-so average gelato and canolli selections!  . . BF's review:  Crablegs are the bomb!. . ShoeFreak adds:  5 inches or taller - it's a Vegas requirement!  Must rock some stylish spiked heels!
My aunt is a local so we ate here twice, once for lunch and the next day for dinner, for half off. . Sure we waited in line for over an hour and some of their items looked far from appetizing, but it was alright. I did not really have high expectations going into the buffet so I can't really say I was disappointed. Maybe if we had paid full price then I would think otherwise, but even then, the parentals were the ones paying so it was all good. lol. They salad bar was limited but I still enjoyed it. The crab legs were pretty meaty considering this isn't a seafood buffet. I liked the shrimp cocktail. Their sushi was a joke. I hate Costco sushi and this was worse. The pizza was actually tasty and I don't usually eat pizza at buffets. I don't normally eat pork but i had a piece from the Asian section and it was pretty good. My plate was pretty scattered. Just a little bit of everything that I thought I would actually like. I try not to pile up my plate because I hate wasting food. I feel guilty when the waitstaff has to take away a full plate only because I was being greedy. Oh, humanitarian me! . The thing I really enjoyed the most was the tepanyaki section. I picked my veggies added my noodles and he prepared my meal in about 10 minutes. The meat selection is kept inside and you get to choose from beef, chicken, and shrimp. The beef is not the thin, brisket slices, you would normally see in Mongolian BBQ places. It is think like beef and broccoli thick. They cuts were really good and I didn't have any unpleasant fatty or chewy instances during my meal. . Now the best part for me was the desert. Limited, but they have a gelato section where an attendant scoops up little cups of yummy ice cream. I tried the tiramisu and liked it. They also have these little cups of cheesecake which were really good. The best thing from the entire desert section and I sampled a lot of it. When we went back for dinner I just had one of those. Okay buffet overall, I would definitely recommend the locals to go. 50% off is a great deal. . . Oh before I forget. During lunch they have a wristband you can purchase for $7.77 for unlimited drinks. This includes beer, margaritas, and I believe well drinks. Just the margaritas were worth and the bartender also hooked me up with a pina colada on my 4th round. WIN!
Saw crab legs and basically ate only those the entire meal.. . I'm gross like that. :(. . The legs were super tiny and pretty impossible to break open to get to the sweet sweet meat inside.. . I'll make sure I eat different foods next time. Eating only crab is kind of a stupid idea now that I think of it.. . Also INSANE LINES. Man.
Selection is usually quite varied, meaning there are many types from which to choose, but also not quite rotated, meaning no matter what season I generally can expect the same things. . . Boo, predictability.. . Obviously I don't really go to a "world" buffet simply to eat Asian again, but their udon was too soft.. . I'd like to see more French besides dessert, and overall greater international credibility. It's kind of run-of-the-mill as of now.. . Their dessert selections seem to be getting better, what with chocolate cups topped with some sort of berries.
If you are going to eat at any of the Harrah's branch of buffets, I recommend getting the Buffet of Buffet passes where you can eat at any of their buffets in the 7 hotels for 24 hours. It's only $50 for the wrist band for non-hotel guests. So with this wristband, you walk up to any of the buffets, get in line, they scan you and you get in. Simple!. . The Carnival World Buffet has a huge selection and the food is pretty tasty. They have Chinese, American, Italian, and even a station where they make pho and egg noodles when you order it. The dessert bar is ginormous! . . The reason why i gave this place 3 stars is because the cashier lady is super mean! She's old and cranky and holds up the line. My trip was so good, but her nasty attitude ruined my day for a good 5 minutes. hahah But really, she was pretty bad though. :(. . She was going to put on the wristband for me and I asked her politely if she can loosen it before she sticks it on "permanently" because I didn't want the wrist band too tight. She started screaming at me saying that she's not putting it on too tight and it's policy that she puts it on for me herself. I told her that it's too tight and it's 113 degrees outside, I don't want my wrist getting sweaty because of this wristband and I don't it to rip off because it's going to get wet if I sweat.. . I put my pinky in between the wrist band and my arm so that when she puts it on it'll be a little loose and not super tight and she tried to slap my hand. SERIOUSLY! She's like, this wrist band is waterproof so you can stop it with that! I said, I'm just asking you to please not put it on so tight, it makes me uncomfortable. And she goes I WON'T!. . . Such a b! Ugh... The people behind me (which was a lot of people) saw what happened and made a scene with her about how rude she was. I just walked off to get my food because it was so much drama. . . I think she's a regular employee at that buffet because the next day when I came back, she was there - slow, holding up the line again, but she just scanned my wristband so there was no communication going on  - thank goodness.
50% Discounts for Locals + Elite Line for Total Rewards 7 Stars, Diamond & Platinum members  = big bargin for us.. . However, the food, SUCKS :P. . They do have huge selections for the buffet but the ones that are worth eating are very , very few.. . If you are looking for something to fill your stomach up, this is the place to go.   but if you want something tasty? I would go other places. . They do have seafood (Crab legs, Shrimp Cocktails), Noodle Bars (Asian Noodles), Mogolian Beef ( I like the Mogolian Shrimp the most).  and some craved station, italian pasta stations..etc  Desserts have good spread but it all tasted like supermarket quality type of food. . . If you have buffet of buffets pass, you should come to try it out to see what's the hype about.  If not, it doesn't worth all the drive over there.
My wifey boo told me this place was the shizzzz-nitt.  It was good, but honestly I have had better.  I thought about the PALA casino in L.A.  Much much better
Another average buffet on the Strip.
Was seriously disappointed with this place. Their only saving grace is their prime rib. In general, the food is too much on the cafeteria side. Sorry Harrah's, I'm a diamond member and it was nice not to stand in line, but It wasn't exactly a wonderful experience. The ice cream bar is nice though.
Not as good as the Wynn. My beau love this buffet so I gave it a try and I must say its like any other buffet I can go to @ home (San Francisco). Dont get me wrong the food tasted good, but it just wasnt spectacular! Crab, shrimp, and pastas were good. I have to say I am highly disappointed with the desserts (I have a major sweet tooth!) I probably would not come here for a buffet compared to other buffets on the strip!
I went for lunch, thanks to the locals eat 1/2 price promotion.. . I have to say, the presentation is nice. TONS of selection to choose from.. Pizza is from scratch & tastes like pizza (which many places have a hard time doing). The whole line looks clean & well taken care of.. . The service was great. Wait staff was attentive but not overbearing.. . With the food selection, I would hope to have a higher quality of taste. There really wasn't too much that stood out as "Man, I have to have more of this!" The clam strips & fried haddock were solid choices. .  . The meatloaf & salisbury steak had a freezer-burnish kind of taste to me. When I think of a buffet with a $18.00 price tag for lunch, I would prefer to eat things made fresh & not something that Sysco foods would sell & you reheat later. Pasta section also did not have anything too enticing on there. . . I would like to see a bit more of a fruit selection. Watermelon & cantaloupe get kinda boring. Even fresh pineapple would have been a step up.. . Desserts... gelato bar selection had some intriguing choice with Orange Dreamsicle & tiramisu. Did not see any toppings to add on. Also, there were some pies to select from, and some cannolis. I was hoping for some carrot or cheesecake. Neither were there.  . . The buffet is worth it for locals as far as price meets quality. I would not pay full price for this. Instead I would opt for the Planet Hollywood or M buffet.
Ahh, I hate giving this place 3 stars because it was so amazing, but it's just not that amazing anymore.  =(. . I remember my first visit. May 99'. Saw star wars with other people in my AP Biology class because we had just crushed our test and then came here for some grub.  It was sooooo good.  The buffet was set up a little different back then but I remember thinking, how is it possible to have all this good food for such a modest price. I was only 17 and the Orleans was like the only buffet I had ever been to I think.  . . So I continued going to eat once in a while and it was good and good and good, and then it sort of got not as good, then not as good, and now its kind of like OK i guess.   Um they changeda bit of the food around and the quality isn't quite the same as it was especially on the desserts. I used to look forward to having something amazing for dessert but lately I'd rather pick up a slice of cake from the grocery store or something. Although the gelato, vanilla especially, is still worth going for. . . On a positive note, the amount and selection of food is unmatched I think,  and many of the items are still real good eats.  Also they have a special for locals that get you 1/2 off except on saturdays. Which puts this buffet into basically the local buffet price range and an exceptional deal.  They also have a bar in the buffet where you can get draft beers or drinks for a decent price. . . The service has always been great for me. I can't ever remember a visit where I could complain about service, I just wish they'd keep the food quality a bit higher in some places, but to each their own.  Definitely stop by and try it, especially if you're local, or got a local friend.
This is my first 3-star, but I feel comfortable writing this 3-star review because I know it will not make or break them. . . I ate there this morning for brunch. I used my locals discount and normally they only give 50% off for dinner on Sundays, but because I signed up for a Total Rewards card, they gave me the discount for Sunday brunch anyway. If you're a local, it's worth it to get a Total Rewards card because you get 50% off any time Monday through Friday. Anyway, it was $58.35 for brunch for the four of us. For brunch, they serve champagne and servers carry around trays with champagne and mimosas.. . First off, I just want to say that their foods are hit or miss. Normally, I like to write out all of the foods and describe them, but since this is a buffet, you're either going to try this place or not, so I'll just categorize the food into great, pretty good, decent, and so-so.. . Great: King crab legs with butter on the side; the waitress, Carolyn, also had a desheller for me to use when she saw that I was eating crab. Cool beans.... Gelato: they had many different flavors - strawberry, mango, orange, cookies and cream, tiramisu, chocolate, and more.... Meatball: Make sure to choose the ones that are down below still in the juice, so that you get plump juicy meatballs instead of the ones that are on top which were dry. . Pretty Good: Blintz with cheese inside, mashed yams, and criss-cut fries. . Decent: Roast beef - very flavorful but kind of rubbery when I had it but worth trying, cheesecake with white chocolate pirouette and whipped cream on top, fruit bar and salad bar, udon noodle soup. . So-So: Pork chop, fried squid pieces, popcorn shrimp. . There were many things I didn't try. They had sushi, a whole Chinese section with duck, pasta, rice, soups, and much more. Also, for drinks, I noticed that they do have a full alcoholic bar, but they charge you $3 or $4 per drink.. . This place is not bad for a buffet. If I'm feeling buffetish, I'll definitely be back.
My husband came here in October, and couldn't stop raving about the food. He said it was almost as good as Bellagio. One month later, we found ourselves at the Rio for a few days, and I wound up eating here three times. It wasn't because it was the Best Thing Ever; it was because it was the best place to eat at the Rio. Anyway, the first time was dinner, then lunch, and finally breakfast into lunch over three days. I probably should've gotten the BOB, but oh well.. . I was pretty underwhelmed with dinner. Sure, the selection was huge. I was intrigued by the teppanyaki station, but I didn't try it. The salad station is tucked waaaay at the end, but nobody I know eats salad at a Vegas buffet. I sure don't. Anyhoo, I liked half of what I had, and really didn't like the other half. The fried fish, crab, and dessert was good. The mac and cheese became edible with some sriracha. Much of the stuff I didn't like was dry (chicken, corn dog, fried rice). I guess my husband- and the $29.99 price ($3 off with a Total Rewards card)- set my expectations a little too high. . . Despite my experience, I was encouraged to try it again, this time for lunch. What I had was better. Breakfast was the best meal there; I really liked the breakfast foods that I tried, especially the corn beef hash. . . Drink service was a little slow at times, but the staff was nice enough. . . While it was "a-ok" as the Yelp rating indicates, I wouldn't make a trip out if I was back in Vegas and staying on the Strip. Bellagio is still my favorite. If you do go here, try to get here before five. After that, the line gets ridiculous.
I went for the Saturday champagne brunch, and the bottomless mimosas were wonderful (which is probably why I rated this at 3-stars). I don't particularly care for buffets, but this was alright. From where I was sitting, it was a journey for me to get my plateful of crab legs. Besides the crab legs and mimosas, nothing else really stood out to me.. . The buffet was kind of difficult to find for my friend and I, that security escorted us all the way over there, resulting in a work out before our meal.
I would give this place 3.5 star rating if I could. Above average quality for buffet. Lots of choices, and even they had a lot of choices of asian food and dessert. Not worth the 1.5 hours waiting though, imo.
Not bad... not great but not bad.  We haven't been to this buffet in probably 10 years or more.. . What got us back was the discount for locals.  It's half price for locals with the players card, which was just $13.50 for dinner (the regular dinner price is $27 pp).  For$13 it was a pretty good buffet, for $27... I don't think so.. . Anyways, there is a great assortment from Chinese to stir fry to pasta to American to seafood. It is a huge buffet.  I thought the crab legs were really small, the shrimps were 'peel and eat' and the sushi was just sad.  Other than that, the rest was pretty good.  The highlights were the prime rib and the dim sum.  Also, we had great service.  As crowded as the place was, they did a good job keeping up with drinks and clearing plates.. . I'd go back for the discounted price.  But for the full price there are better options.  Bellagio and M come to mind.
Went to the Rio World Buffet with the Mom during our Big Trip to LV. We waited in line about an hour. The buffet was good (it was fun to eat sesame red bean paste balls, which I hadn't had since studying abroad in China) but nothing blew me away. Lots of folks seemed to be going wild for the crab legs, but honestly a plate of those things looks like something from a horror movie so I stayed away.. . I really like the gelato and dessert buffet. . . Finally... what is going on with the orange juice in this place? Literally every table except ours had at least one giant glass of OJ. Mysterious!
Wow.... the selections just go on and on and on and on.....a bit overwhelming, but in a good way. I stuck to the:. . Chinese food: Duck & BBQ Pork were good, but the dim sum was not. Next time I'll have to remember to stay away from it.. . Crab legs: They were good, but they were not warm. I prefer my crab legs warm.. . Gelato: MMM! The chocolate was the best. Mix chocolate & strawberry for a treat. Mango and Tiramisu were just okay.. . Service was good. Check in on foursquare for a $5 off coupon, which you pick up from the Total Rewards Booths.
This buffet has comparatively more variety than the other buffets.  Problem is you are going to have to pay a little more on average than the other buffets.  Also, this is at the RIo, so its a little out of the way if you spend only your time on the Strip.  (Free shuttle from Ballys). . All in all a good choice.
First order of business: the line. Only standin line if you are trying to charge the meal to your room. If not, there are lines to the left where you can self-pay at a kiosk. We didn't find this out until we had already waited for almost 20 minutes. . . As for the food, typical buffet fare. I don't think I need to go into detail. Just remember about the lines.
It was a 45 minute wait to get inside on a Monday night.  I didn't mind that since the variety there is a huge draw.  It's a very large buffet and worth the cost... even though ours was a comp from our hotel.  :)  I think its around $27 per person.. . Food was pretty good.  Prime rib was above average.  They have a huge amount of crab legs piled up if you're in to that.  I wouldn't touch the sushi bar by just looking at it.  The Chinese was good.  They speak Cantonese so that was a little fun.  I liked their calamari.  I first thought it was onion rings but squid is better.  Pretty much, whatever food you would get at a typical buffet, they have it here.  Food was above average overall but not the best I've had.. . I lowered another star mainly because of their efficiency.  We waited 45 minutes to get in but the first thing I noticed was that this place was only about 60% full with a lot of empty tables.  Granted though, I never had to wait at any station to get food when I wanted something but they could have easily accommodated everyone waiting.  Probably a huge short of staff that night.
I think my husband and I were looking for the seafood buffet and was mixed up. Food was good, but we were hoping for the seafood buffet.
The Rio buffet was my most anticipated buffet. I got the pass ($45 for 24 hr hour access to six buffets). We had a party of ten and got seated into a small room. First thing I got was prime rib, decent but not seasoned like it was at Paris buffet. One thing I enjoyed was the noodle soup bar. You can order udon, pho, Tom yum noodle soup and some others. I tried the udon which I heard was the best and it was. The Tom yum soup was good but they gave the super thin rice noodle which was slightly powdery. A good variety of food and there were crab legs and shrimp. The crab stuffed sole was delicious. Dessert bar was decent. About the same items as the other buffets, with the chocolate shell tarts (but these had fruit) and coconut cream pie. All in all, not a bad buffet but not as great as I had hoped. I liked the Paris buffet and planet Hollywood much better.
Good buffet, lots of ethnic choices.  A little spendy but totally yummy gelato.  No real bad good here,  but nothing stellar either.
5 buffets in 36 hours... Vegas baby! Yeah!. . 2nd of 5 - the carnival buffet at the Rio.. . It's difficult to go to a buffet for dinner when you just had buffet for lunch, but I wasn't about to back down from the Rio buffet; even if there was an hour and a half wait time.... . Meat here was good. I liked getting prime rib here. The first slice however, was sub-par. I think I got the tail end of an old piece.  But after that, it was a solid 6/10 for flavor; 8/10 for tenderness and texture.. . Crab legs - I didn't eat any. They were ones you had to crack open with tools. I got lazy and stuck to the prime rib. But they have crab legs if you want to work for it.. . Desserts: their desserts were good, but no crem brule... If you like gelato, they've got that, but I wasn't too impressed. 5/10 here for desserts.. . Drinks - good standard array of sodas, hot drinks and teas. Nothing special.. . Service - excellent, but it might depend on your server. I had a really nice fellow by the name of Kevin. He's been working at the Rio for 20 years an he does a good job. I gave him an extra tip for his service. 10/10.. . I think the restrooms were on the outside of the buffet I don't remember.
We got here and the lines weren't too bad.  My boyfriend and I were able to go into the line where people w/ the 24 hour passes, etc get to go because my cousin & her boyfriend were in that line.  Anyway, there are a buttload of different types of stations here.  There were seafood, mexican, american, asian, italian, and I forget what else.  From the things I've tried, they're not great.  They're were okay.  The workers here are VERY friendly!  I love it.  I didn't get to try a lot of the stuff here though because I was extremely hungover... They also have gelato here, which I have heard are good.
This was the first meal of my group's Vegas trip, and it was okay. It did not blow our minds because of such awesome food, but was decent. We got here around 6 PM on a Friday and the line was not too long. About a half hour or less wait. We were seated quickly and ordered drinks. The buffet is separated into different types of cuisines - salads, Asian, Mexican, carving station, American, Italian, etc. There was a lot of variety, but the food itself did not look too appetizing. About Home Town Buffet style. . . The best things here were the gelato and the prime rib. The prime rib was pretty succulent and juicy. It melted in my mouth - was super soft ... that made the whole meal. The mashed potatoes, salad, sushi (they had salmon rolls too!) were pretty good. The crab legs - people waited so long for them - were all right. Because they weren't cut, you have to ask the waitress/waiter for a prying device to pry out the meat. Not very convenient, but if you like to work for your food, this is definitely for you. I watched as a man pretty much fished for crab legs. He stood there taking out all the big ones and by the end had two whole plates of the legs ... The popcorn shrimp was tasty! I loaded up on some Asian veggies, too. After that, I hit the dessert station. Not too much that's absolutely 100% delicious ... I do recommend the gelato (especially the strawberry sorbet and the orange! The coffee tasted like alcohol, according to my friends). I wasn't able to try the banana cream pie, but I heard it was delicious. There are random cookies, cakes, pies, but I was so stuffed that I couldn't really work up an appetite to eat anything besides the gelato and a fruit tart. :) . . Overall, not bad. I have heard that this buffet is the top three out of the six Buffet of Buffet's. (And if this is just A-Ok, the others aren't that much greater, huh?) For the choice of selection, it really isn't bad. I would have to say that this was my least favorite out of the three buffets that I ate at Vegas.
It's billed as the BEST AYCE buffet in all of Las Vegas, and if it weren't for just these two things, it probably would be:. . 1. You have to wait FOREVER in line (and that's a problem for those with physical handicaps), and,. . 2. It's too expensive for the average person.. . The food selection is HUGE, the quality of the food is terrific, and the staff are good, but those things are unfortunately offset by the long wait to sit down, and the amount of money you spend, for the privilege of dining there.. . But, by all means, give them at least ONE visit, and form your own conclusions.
Look forward to munching here! It has Great variety! From Vietnamese Pho to Japanese Udon to a Mongolian stand. Has Mexican, Italian, Japanese Sushi, American Prime Rib or Ham with all the sides and fixings. It does have crab legs but it's on ice (I like mine hot) so I didn't have any but they have a huge selection, pizza, salad bar, Chinese food - its huge! Food is good, prime rib was seasoned well and slices like butter! Sooo yummie!. . $30/per person so come hungry! It really deserves 4 stars but the line is ridiculously long! They separate "discounts" where you have service to "cash/credit" through a machine - you would think that the cash line would get priority over the discount lane since you are paying full fare for the meal but it is super long and no one there to help people that aren't used to these machines! They lose a star for that! Just painful ;(
Huge variety for a decent price.. It takes awhile to look at all the offerings of this buffett. It has your standard chinese, japanese, mexican, all american and italian choices you have come to expect. The line moves at a decent clip, so max 10 minutes.. Their ice cream tastes betetr than usual, I might add.
This was my first time ever eating at a casino buffet.  I was really hyped up and excited to try this out since it looked so very big and gourmet.  But unfortunately, the tastes of most of the foods did not live up to their looks.  For the foods that did taste good, it was because they were drenched in oil/butter and/or loaded with cheese.  Even for a huge appetite like mine, I thought this place was a little pricey considering the mediocre quality of the food.
Ate there twice last week on our trip to Vegas. We were staying at the Rio, so it was conveniently located for us. . . We had dinner one night and was pretty happy with it considering it's a buffet.  One of the better buffet's I've eaten at.  Prime rib was good. Not as good as house of prime rib in SF of course, but better than any other buffet I've been to.  Mashed potatoes were real chunky mashed red skin potatoes if that gives you an idea of what to expect.  If you want a $50 dinner at a nice restaurant, then go there. If you want a buffet meal with great food - come here.There is so much to choose from, you can't even consider trying it all.  something for everyone, which is always great with a group.. . We had a late breakfast on our last day in Vegas, here and it was delicious.  Lots to choose from and the hostess pointed out to us that they'd be switching to lunch in 30 minutes and that we could stay as long as we wanted and have both breakfast and lunch choices.  Probably the only thing I wasn't thrilled with were the waffles. They looked great but were just kind of blah.  Everything else was great though.. . We would come back for sure.  If you like buffets, you'll love this place. . . Lines were really long for dinner, but for our late breakfast at 10:30 it was only a few minutes to get in.  I'm not sure what lines are usually like. The world series of poker is going on there right now and could be why the lines were so long for dinner.
Variety was. Nice but it seemed like this place is quantity over quality. The crab legs are. So, so. Skinny and. Cold. They have them all stacked so it looks like. A. Skinny crab leg. Bush. When u. Crack them. Open, the meat has been sitting in the pile for so long that its almost stuck to the. Shell and. Doesn't come. Out as a nice piece of crab meat ( as it should ) instead the come out in strands or pieces of strands. No Bueno. . But.... Their prime rib was very flavorful and the gelato was wonderful. Service was good and they have a huge selection but at times some of the dishes reminded me of that scene in Vegas vacation.
Tip: Sign up for Total Rewards to get discounts on the meal! Weekend brunch is usually $30 per person, but it lowered the price to... I forgot. At any rate, you get a discount with the Total Rewards card. And endless drinks and mimosas! On Sunday, come a little before 12 because when we left around 1:30 PM, the line became much longer. When we were there, there was no line to speak of. . . Really loved:. country fried steak- so soft, and not overly salty!. fried fish and fried shrimp- rich and fresh. shrimp- easy to eat, delicious. crab legs- may be skinny and small, but the meat is sweet and the meat is not that hard to get to.. cheesecake- I wish I grabbed another one.. bread pudding- I accidentally put a slice of country fried steak on top of this, and it was surprisingly very good together. . . Avoid (this list is short, no worries):. red velvet cake- yuck. Not special in any way. Save the space for something else. But seriously, this was not very good. That's ok, because most of the other desserts were pretty good, but I felt like I needed to say something about this.. Salisbury steak- too tough. I couldn't eat it at all. . . Some things, like the salmon sushi, were just okay. They have a very small selection of sushi. In fact, their selection of Asian food was pretty laughable. . . I've also eaten here in the past, and I noticed that as you get your mimosa refills, they tend to get stronger and stronger. I only had one this time around (because I had a long car ride back to the Bay Area right after).. . Make sure to grab a cup of gelato on the way out.
This was a really solid buffet that had a lot of options. Good breakfast fare and lunch options. I do wish there was more fresh fruit and cereal. The gelato was excellent!!. . Avoid the mexican food...
If you're coming here for dinner, be prepared to stand in a LONG line. The food was OK, and there was certainly a lot of it, but I didn't think it was worth the hour we spent waiting for a table.
For locals you really can't go wrong for the price. Standard buffet food but at least their prime rib is cooked medium. There's nothing insanely good about this place and the desserts are just ok. . . If you're planning to pay full price I would recommend M Buffet or maybe Spice,
I have had better buffet for less money. Crab legs are tasteless. Not worth the long wait.
We were not impressed with the dinner buffet at the Rio.  The buffet offered tons of choices, I don't think we tried even a fourth of what was available, but  none were dishes worth going for a second helping.  The only exception to that was the steak with mushroom sauce.  It was thin, but tender and had a great beef flavor.  . . My daughters were not impressed with any of the child friendly items and ended up eating a lot of shrimp.  Hey, they have protein, but not worth the price of admission.  The crab legs, which they've enjoyed in the past, were very small and not worth the trouble of eating.. . I can't quite remember what I tried (which tells you something).  I know the prime rib was OK while the chicken parmigiana tasted like chicken nuggets (yuck!).  The pork ribs were tough, the beef ribs were better and had a nice BBQ sauce.    I can't remember anything else.. . The desserts we tried, OTOH, were uniformly good.  The kids loved the gelato, and I enjoyed the cheesecake and flan (though dig in for the caramel as otherwise it's not sweet enough).  The one disappointment were the eclairs, as tends to be the case in most buffets.. . In all, I wouldn't go back to this buffet.  In particular given the wait - 45 minutes on a Tuesday night in July.   People who are paying full price (not using coupons or the Buffet of Buffets deal) do get in much faster as they have an express line for them.
This buffet wasn't the best but it was good. Some of the food was really hit or miss. I tried a couple bites of everything but the sushi. The long lines and food tastes really make me pause to think about returning here again.
I thoroughly enjoyed this buffet only because there was such a wide selection. I mean when they say world buffet they mean it. I tried the prime rib and crab legs...both were ehhh compared to the buffet at Aria. The crab legs were just so difficult to eat with those stupid claw tools that don't even work. They had a wide selection of asian food but a lot of the flavors were a hit or miss. I had a whole bunch of different stuff..and looking back I don't even know how I held all that food down. Nothing really wowed me in flavor wise because it was like mmmm there's something better than that. Dessert was probably the best part. The mango sorbet was bomb and the pies were delicious. Sundays you get free  mimosas which is included in the price. . . . -Give it a try, when you leave vegas since it is off the strip.
I liked the sushi and the girls loved the crab they ate a ton. But everything else I grabbed was not so great. The sherbet and gelato was cool.
Tons of options, but the quality is suspect.  When it comes to food, quality over quantity is my mantra, but at buffets, it's hard to stick to your guns.  There are hundreds of food options during dinner, and it'll take several rounds before you're able to get through everything that's offered.. . The crab legs were snow crab, not king crab, so that means less meat.  The shrimp cocktail and popcorn shrimp were good though.  The dessert bar was a joke, not even the gelato could change that.. . The asian food was pretty good though.  I found myself going to that section more often than any other section.  You can't go wrong with deep fried pork belly, chicken curry, and stir-fried vegetables.. . I always skip on potatoes, bread, and rice at buffets.  They are needless fillers and take away from future opportunities to try things like medium rare roast beef or that extra plate of crab legs.. . The buffet at M Resort is still my favorite...
it was just OK for me, i expected better...
Buffets are usually hit or miss, depending on how you stack up your plate. With the Buffet of Buffets pass, I was able to sample various foods during the entire day. I happened to be at the Rio for an annual conference and I was on a very tight schedule which meant I couldn't wander off. I also didn't rent a car either so that somewhat limited my options.... . I was very selective about what I ate since I knew I would be coming back several times anyway. You should definitely skip the pizza, pastas, rice, and definitely stay away from the fried stuff. You'll be very sorry and will gain ten pounds after loading up on carbs and fat. I really liked the noodle bar and they even served pho! The crab legs weren't very huge so you might want to run back for seconds or even thirds. Still delicious! I also liked the dim sum, roast chicken and roast pork stations. They are great stations to hit up for dinner.. . I highly recommend going very early for breakfast, lunch and dinner during major events. This place is pretty packed and the wait could be long. The line can wrap all the way out to the casino floor. Keep that in mind when going here.
After trying out way more buffets since I wrote my first review on this place, and my visit to it last month, I need to bump it down a star.. . The food just wasn't great. Off night? Maybe. But there are buffets I've given 4 stars to that are definitely better so the extra star had to go.. . A lot of the food looked cold and seemed like it had been sitting out awhile (especially the Mexican food) and we only came about an hour after the dinner buffet opened.. . Nothing really impressed me.
This place is not super bad I've had worse trust me. But this buffet is not super yowza either..  My fathers friends came to town and we took them to the Rio and regretted it immediately, but that's another story..  If you don't get lucky the line can be very ,very long. We got lucky this time but once the line was around the world and we felt like crying from sore feet by the time they seated is, consider yourself warned..  The selections are mixed quality wise. Lots of "fillers" as in fried foods and breads, there are better dishes you have to look in between..   The line of food options is HUGE, it wraps along the back wall in a gigantic semi circle with a dessert station in the middle. Since it is so big you feel as if you are working or hunting for your food. And the choices vary a lot so pace yourself or just get a small item to hold you over while you look before you actually eat. .  If you love all American fried food, you'll love the onion rings and that type of stuff. There was a small salad bar waaay at the other end from where we were, and some soups , barbecue stuff, some potatoes, Mexican, Chinese, Meat cutting station ( the meat was heavily marinated in something that scared me enough not to eat it since msg and some tenderizers bother me), Italian (mediocre lasagne, some pasta...) , Seafood ( fake scallops and thin crab legs ), and I don't even remember what else. Since it is a "world" buffet I would have preferred Japanese, Filipino.. Cuban, or Indian or Greek as a choice too, something different . Buffets always have Mexican and Chinese...very unoriginal... sheesh. .  It's loud and may possibly have kids all over the place so I would not recommend for date night.. The seating is comfortable but looks like it can be cramped if in the wrong area or if they are busy..  There are bathrooms available in the buffet which is super! Some places make you walk forever just go get to one..  The desserts were good, there was one custard that was out of this world..  Better than many, not excellent. And if you like to eat healthy all the power to you... most items are fried or sauced or 100% not Mrs Obama approved...
Thou used to be one of my favorite Vegas buffets as well.. . Alas', thou has lost your stardom...you are but a celebrity who fell off the face of the planet because plastic surgery - regardless of time, money, and skill - just can't "FIX" you anymore and photoshopping your portfolio has just become way too complicated. Not to mention, your *HOT* sister is far more tempting (Bacchanal, Caesars) and while some may have mentioned you as a parallel to setting the bar in the buffet competition in Vegas, I'm sure they meant when you first launched...a LONG, LONG, LONG, LONG, LONG time ago.... . I'll never hate you...but I sure stopped loving you for now...unless you become a Pheonix...die, burn up, and be reborn. Seriously, if the only thing I found myself eating here was deep fried chicken wings and some fries...because I got turned off by the bits of this and that on my plate around the line (a bad day in the kitchen? Someone angry they didn't get recruited for Bacchanal?) because while the dishes looked good, it SURE tasted otherwise. Well, that's a problem right?. . Service was friendly...and the atmosphere just like most buffets in Vegas. I guess if anything, like Paris' Le Village Buffet, I'd be back just for the Champagne brunch on the weekends.. . I wonder if the Carnival will be reborn like how crapLago became Bacchanal. Since it's Vegas and it's 50+% about gambling, I'll think I'll place my chips on..."How about NEVER?"
Six years later, the buffet has suffered. The crab station is lackluster and contains low-quality pieces. The claws are minuscule (they're not even worth getting), and most of the legs aren't fresh. It was very disappointing. We got $10 off the entrance, so I ate my fill of the sad seafood and got my money's worth. Still, I don't think I'll be back. Also, the boyfriend got diarrhea. I have to find a new buffet for my next visit.
I had the Buffet of Buffets pass and came here for dinner. . We came on a Saturday night around 9 and guess what ? NO LINE !!! . . We were seated within 2 minutes of arriving!!!. . They have 3 dishes here that have clams ( seafood kung pao, a weird cream sauce mussel & clams, and a seafood pasta dish), the seafood kung pao is the only dish I would recommend getting.  The mussel & clams dish was all lumped together, and wasn't very appetizing.  . . The crab legs aren't cracked, for you, and are so tiny that I didn't even bother eating any of them, until I tried one of my friends.  The hot butter that they have for you is nice. . . The prime rib here is ok, not as good as the one at Spice Market Buffet.. The fried chicken isn't that bad with the spicy hot sauce. . . They also have the noodle mongolian bbq  here ( like Chef Khan's) where you choose all the stuff that they want to fry for you , and they will stir fry it.  For the Asian Section, they also have a made to order noodle soup, I tried my friends' pho, and it was pretty good.  The egg drop soup was too yellow and looked really unnatural, the . spicy and sour soup was pretty good, but a little too salty for me. . . They had alot of fried foods, Corn Dogs, fried calamari, fried clam strips, french fries, etc.  . . For the dessert section they had flan, I really like flan, so I had 3 of the flan LOLOL.  I also tried their mango sorbet, coconut, cookies n cream, tiramisu gelato.  The gelato was not very thick and had a fluffy ice cream texture.  The tiramisu didn't taste like tiramisu at all.  The coconut gelato was pretty good though !. . I think that I would come here again if I had the Buffet of Buffets pass, they had a wide variety of food, plus there was no wait at 9pm for dinner.
Have visited this buffet on every trip to Las Vegas for about ten years. . Continuing a trend that has been going for a few years, quality continues to decline. Food quality is slightly worse than last time, which was worse than the time before. The most affected by a decline in quality is dessert. The dessert quality and selection has crossed the line to dissatisfaction. Other parts of the buffet are not as deep in decline. The selection of desserts has also been reduced. . . Our service was barely satisfactory. Had to call the waiter for adrink refill. Do not remember having to aggressively ask for refills in the past. . . I think that Rio should improve quality and pay for it with a higher price for the buffet. If I want low quality, I can stay on the strip and go to Circus Circus buffet. I am willing to pay extra for good quality.. . I will send a copy of this to Rio and see if it makes a difference.
This is our go-to for cheap buffet. I am a huge fan of the miso soup station and the shrimp. the salads are fine. and the dessert is good. Pizza is actually pretty good and I like the cranberry nut buns. In fact, I crave those little buns. Locals get half off on certain days (all but sat and sun I think) so its a great place to eat cheap for this size of buffet. A very sweet staff. I love the old chinese guy who usually serves on the west-side of the room. We go here about every other month . so that should tell you ...
Not the best of the near-strip buffets but not bad either. It's not that busy for lunch on a weekday...which means some of the food sits around for a while. Make sure you have their card if you're a local so you get the big discount...I missed that the first time.
for $40 buffet on weekend? They got be kidding me.  The service quality went down so bad, the waiter just serve drink & never refill.  Cold crab legs do not help.   I don't think I ever want to come back here again.
It's alright.  Half off for locals (a big reason why my husband likes it) and it's better than the station casino buffets.  I guess if you're hungry and don't have a lot of money.. why not?
I guess this is suppose to be the best economical buffet for locals. I thought it was going to be spectacular. It wasn't but then again it beat old country buffet any day. Be sure to bring your own crab eaten utensils their plastic crab opener thingy majigs suck hairy balls.
Decided to check it out with a buddy after a gym session.. fat boy meal status. The main bonus was the price.. $16 with local Nevada I.D. and a players card.. which you can get for free if you don't have one already. . . The buffets itself was a big setup.. lots of choices..pretty mediocre selection and nothing really fancy, nothing spectacular.. but definitely a good amount of food if you are  hungry. I stuck to the basics.. but they had a noodle bar with different soups that no one was at and it was one of the reasons I was happier to check it out. No big deal. It's not someplace I am running back to.. but for $16 .. it'll do when you are looking for alot of grub. Hit it up. Happy eating!
We went here for lunch this week while in Vegas.  There were so many stations to eat from! It was pricey.  For 2 adults and 2 kids it was $85 plus tips.  I found the food to be average. I have had the same quality or better at the Golden Corral. I thought the mexican food was unappetizing.  Normally this is my favorite but I did not even touch it.  I did like the fried shrimp, clam chowder, bread pudding, and bacon and cheese potatoes.
This is a Vegas tradition for us. It's outrageous, it's excessive, It's industrial. it's Vegas. We went for breakfast. the mimosa's were plentiful. You have to sample everything. If you get stuck on one thing, you'll miss the experience. I'm glad that gluttony is one of my favorite deadly sins.
This place has always been a destination for me when I buffet in Vegas.  Now sometimes this place has been better than other times.  I happened to go here for dinner.  . . This place is full of seafood, which isn't my thing.  There was tons of other styles of food as well.. . Overall the food at Carnival World Buffet was good, not great but solid.  I also hit up the dessert station and that was the highlight of the buffet that night!
This buffet is quite large, one of the bigger ones from what I hear.  And there can be a line sometimes, so you've been warned,. . You can practically eat anything here though. I had Sushi (meh), Mexican, Chinese, American, soups, salads and the dessert.  I really liked the Chinese food selection, and I at least thought it tasted good.. . I did notice there was gelato, but no ice cream.  No biggie...although I really wanted an ice cream bar when I was there.. . **FREE FOOD TIP: Use your comp dollars if you have them, as it made my $18 bill disappear.  Always great to get free stuff
Quality of food is not that good. 3 stars because of variety, but honestly buffets in vegas are supposed to have this much variety. I'm only giving it a 3 and not a 2 because my friends like it and I'm feeling nice. . . Crab legs - can't steam, and they're okay, not too much meat so just get the claws. Cocktail shrimp - fresh but you have to peel. . Everything else is standard, they have what most buffets have, chinese, japanese, noodle soups are different but they're okay, porridge was horrible. . Their dessert is good. Gelato bar
Don't get the unlimited alcohol unless you like cheap wine and miller light draft. Tipping the bar tender well got us upgraded to the "good wine" which was still pretty cheap stuff.. . The food was pretty good though, we were definitely satisfied with everything but the alcohol.
This was some good food. great value.
It's Vegas, right? I came here drunk with a group of friends. All I remember is the line was ridiculously long so you can go to the exit and pay an additional $10 to get seated right away. . . Once inside I remember it looked like many other buffets. Nothing too special, but I did like all of the desserts that they offered. The gelato was pretty good here. The last thing I remember is getting some prime rib and spilling the au jus on my jeans. Looked like I pissed myself :( The worst part though was when I spilled the horseradish on my pants. That looked like...well you know... . . Anyway, from what I remember the buffet was good here. Maybe not worth all that money, but when you're chocolate wasted it's worth every penny!
Geez this place keeps going downhill every time I show up.  You would think with new buffets popping up, they would step their game up.  Nah..... . We only came here because we wanted to do a buffet and we were staying at Rio.  The food was ridiculously basic and pretty cold.
I came here because it's 50% off for locals so I got in for about $34.50 for two. First thing I got to say is that it went downhill from the first time I came here back in the day. I eat a crap ton, so even if I did pay for 30 bucks I'd usually eat my money's worth. . . So I got here and the the line was quite long. Surprisingly the line went by pretty quickly; got in within 30 minutes. Got seated pretty quick and our waiter got our waters to our table pretty quick too.. . For the food, prime rib wasn't bad ! The brown gravy tasted funky for the mashed potatoes. The salmon was way overcooked. I didn't care for it being frozen because its a $17 dollar buffet, can't be toooo picky. Some stuff just couldn't be edible because it was kinda disgustingly bland or ew. I ate like 7 plates, not counting dessert, and food quality id say is a 2.5-3 stars. Back then it was like, delish and better made :(. The best part are the gelatos though. I'm a sucker for sweets. . . Locals make sure you get the players card in order to get your discounts !
Bigget buffet in vegas and quiet possibly the entire world!!!!. . Huge selection and pretty good quality.. . Only downside is that its not as gourmet as some of the other places but if you're a picky eater, you wont have trouble finding something to eat.. . Takes a good 10 minutes to walk from one side to the other. . . BTW check out the Discount Ticket stands for 25% off. . . Buffets i have been to in order from best to worst:. . Bacchanal - Ceasars. Wicked Spoon - Cosmopolitan. World Carnival - Rio. Spice market - Planet Hollywood, . The Bellagio. Paris Le Village - Paris. Paradise Garden Buffet - Flamingo. More Buffet - Luxor
I am afraid that this buffet is a study in mediocrity. The dishes are executed with relative proficiency, but not precision and with a total lack of inspiration. There are exceptions, such as the fruit gelato and the Asian pork. The fresh seafood was noticeably scarce, and while there was a wide selection to chose from, nothing was out of the ordinarily. This buffet us a decent value at half price, but you can truly find much better food just steps from the outside of most any casino. And the restauranteur will be more appreciative of your patronage than the casino, for sure!
This place has seen better days. But they always have a good variety of food and decently tasty. . . I mainly come here for the prime rib for dinner and some sides. With locals discount being 50percent off I can't really complain except maybe that the line can be very long at times. . . Still a good bang for your buck with the locals discount
It has a decent selection of assorted Asian foods (it should, it's a world buffet, duh) I also like the change in between breakfast/lunch that I got for my buffet. I got to try both meals, which was neat. However,  I've just had better meals, and better buffets for that matter, in Vegas.
The food is still great.... but the locals discount has been cut back, we wont be commin back nearly as much now. Bad move on the Rio !
I love this buffet.  The food is always fantastic and that is coming from someone who is not a fan of buffets.  I recently went with a friend from out of town, because the buffets on the strip are just too expensive and being a local, we get 50% off....well we used to anyway.  I was shocked when the hostess told me the total. I think she noticed my jaw hit the floor lol.  Anway, the service the food, all still amazing.  Too bad about the discount part.  If you are a gambler, you can still work your way up to the 50% discount, but for those of us who do not...we're sadly out of luck.
