went here on a date. first impression, "where the heck are we going to sit and how am i going to hear what she is saying to me?!?!' . . visual: HUGE bar setting.... . to my surprise the hostess walks us past the 'HUGE bar setting' and takes us to the back of the house which is a little more secluded and quite. . . for the most part we only ordered sushi and it was De-LiSH! the service on the other hand... that's where the 3 stars come in. . . definitely a good place to pre-bar and hang out with the homies. as far as a first date, maybe not?!?! . . despite the rating, i can't wait to go back and try the rest of what sushi samba has to offer.
I really like this place! We were tired from walking around and shopping, and craved a light snack. A lot of things were really heavy, so we decided that sushi was a safe bet. Not knowing anything about that place, we went there sort of on a limb.. . I went there on a quiet day at an unconventional time (prob around 3PM), so it wasn't bustling with people and loud chattering. There were probably at most about 5 other tables that were occupied with diners. It's dim-lit and all the interior designing seemed to fit a sort of cool, mellow, and dark color scheme. Very relaxing... . Our waitress was a very nice girl. She was knowledgeable, very attentive, and very sweet. She was working during the holidays, and if she hated every second of it...well, we really couldn't tell. I asked her for suggestions on rolls, and her suggestions were great.. . Although their sushi rolls aren't exactly traditional, they were really unique. Flavorful, but light. Just what we were looking for! I got a nontraditional roll that was wrapped in a sort of pink-ish rice paper rather than seaweed, and I just felt so healthy and nice eating it. What a relief from eating something something so refreshing! One pleasant little perk was that when I asked for green tea, we had the option to have it iced or hot. Maybe I'm biased because I was tired from walking around all day, but man. That iced unsweetened green tea was so perfect.. . As for the price, I reviewed the menu and realized that yes, it's a little expensive, but what else could you expect for Vegas? I guess it's motivation for you to go back out there and win your Avocado Rolls worth back!
Meh. I came here for a bachelorette party dinner with a group of 7 girls. I liked my dish alot (sea bass) but wasn't really feeling any one else's dish. The pork belly skewer was good too but everything else was very forgettable. Nothing bad, but nothing outstanding. It's a fun place to go with your friends and the prices aren't as steep as some of the other "nice" Vegas restaurants. Service was great too because they brought out free dessert for the bachelorette without us asking.
Expensive. But what isn't in this town? . . If you are looking for a cheap sushi fix- you probably would be better off going to a sushi joint off the Strip and in one of the nearby neighborhoods. There you won't be paying for the flashy bartenders, security guys mumbling into their little mouthpieces or the slew of hostesses that guide you through the hip ambiance to your table. . . But if it's ambiance you're after with a little sushi thrown in for good measure? Check out Sushi Samba. The throbbing pulse of the music, the dim lighting, and the modern seating all add up to one "happening " place. . . Located in the Palazzo hotel, Sushi Samba is a "sushi fusion" restaurant so know before you go that you can find Brazilian and Peruvian food as well on the menu. I was looking for a casual, low key night out and by sitting at the bar I got it as I was able to watch the parade of "pretty people" go in and out of this place in their "club wear" as I sipped my drink and ate my sushi. . . The sushi was good although nothing really stood out for me. They also had 3 kinds of raw oysters on the menu which, at $4 each add up quickly so be sure to do the math before you order a couple of dozen! . . Service was good. The bartender kept an eye on me and my food came up quickly and efficiently. . . The price for 2 drinks ($13 each) 2 rolls, 4 oysters and a piece of sashimi? $75. Like I said . . . pricey but good. . . So if it's a evening out that you want, with a little sushi on the side- Sushi Samba is your place. But know that you are paying for the atmosphere, the service, and the convenience of being only steps away from those slot machines that beckon with every ding!
Located in the upstair area of the Palazzo... Ate here a few months back. I LOVE Kobe beef, so I got their Kobe beef Tobayaki... and it just wasn't for me... BUT their varieties of sashimi and samba rolls with the Brazilian and Peruvian flavored sauces were really good! Next time I eat here, I will just focus on that... and not be a loser and blow $80-$100 on a dish that I didn't like that much.  o_O . . Talk about losing money in Vegas...
I am a fan of the food! Everything I ordered was excellent especially the 3 meat platter. . . What I was not a fan of was how close the tables were to the other tables. I could seriously reach my chopsticks over to the next table and grab one of the sushi rolls if I wanted to. It was very annoying to be sitting that close to other tables and try to have your own conversation but be distracted with the next tables conversation. It made me eat my food quickly so I could get out of there fast! The food is really good tho, dont get me wrong. The atmosphere is so so. . . I would suggest for anyone to request a booth instead of table. You'll have a much more enjoyable dinner if you do.
The atmosphere is rad and the food is delicious. Some of the rolls seem a bit over priced but it is Las Vegas so that is to be expected. A friend and I shared a variety of rolls and all of them were delicious. . . I thought the tables were a little too close together. I felt like I was dining as much with the people next to us as I was my friend. I thought i might have to stab someone with a chopstick for eying my sushi! Great selection of sake. If you're willing to pay the extra money to eat here I generally think it is worth it.
Sushi Samba is pretty tucked away in the Palazzo, the atmosphere is OK, service and bartenders were friendly and nice at the bar, and the food is pretty decent too.  It's also great that they have a happy hour menu from 4-7 Sun-Fri, BUT... my only gripe is that it's not really a happy hour menu if you discount items and then serve them 1/2 size, which is what I expect was happening since our portions were teeny tiny, the drinks were served in small glasses and then I saw the normal pint-size glasses that the same drinks were being made in to take to the tables. The mojitos were BOMB though. . . That said... the food was actually pretty good. We had the salt and pepper squid (yummy!), spicy tuna roll (small, and could've been spicier, but still good), chicken skewers, some others, and I also tried the Japan Relief Roll (all the money goes to Japan relief ppl, order it!) which was also really tasty - combo of spicy tuna, eel, wrapped in a soy paper wrap. . . It wasn't a bad way to spend $80 (ESP in vegas) but again, if you're going to advertise specials for happy hour, they should ACTUALLY be specials, not just 1/2 the plate for 1/2 the price. Nothing special 'bout that.
Maybe it's because I've enjoyed many a meal at the Sushi Samba locations in NYC, and maybe because I was a little hungover from the previous nights festivities, but I was not overly wowed by lunch here with two of my lady loves with whom I was vacationing. . . One thing that is always a priority on vacation is food. It has to be, this is a break from the mundane life I leave behind, so why do I want to eat my standard weekly fare of life in the working world? I love sushi and because of it's nutritious nature figured this would be a great way to replenish all things lost to bottomless cocktails and greasy late night foods. I didn't partake in the consumption of any libations at lunch, but did hear that the mojito was pretty stellar.. . I ordered the trio seaweed salad that came beautifully presented on a three trayed dish of hijiki, wakame, and my favorite aka-tosaka. Each were lightly dressed with lemon and sidelined with some tomato caviar. Not terrible for a $11, but not overly substantial either. For lunch I ordered yellowtail jalapeno which was ok if not a little heavy on the jalapeno, and a spicy tuna that was all sorts of bland. I think I would have been happier enjoying these as a happy hour because it seems that the prices are a little easier to swallow for the quality of the food. I didn't order anything complex, and maybe they just let the "easy" stuff slide, but I wasn't terribly enthused enough to want to go back and give it a second shot to see just how good the rest of the menu is according to the higher ratings given.
If you've been to Miyagis on Sunset strip in Hollywood, it's like that but Vegas style. Sushi was decent - had better, had worse. Sake menu was pretty large. Really, it's an nightclub with a decent sushi menu for a nightclub. I'd go back with that in mind.
A Japanese Brazilian Fusion Restaurant. . This is a good place to show off to a date or people from another country, but other than that, it just becomes another fancy restaurant in Las Vegas. The service is excellent, but the I think the concept of this restaurant doesn't really attract me. There was nothing really special, it just seemed like a Brazilian BBQ restaurant with sushi.. . The meats are really good, we had the 5 meat Churrasco ($46) and some Kobe beef sashmi ($12 per piece!). The Kobe beef sashmi is grilled on a cooking rock.. . The selection of oysters was not that many, but the ones that did carry : Malpeque and Blue Point ($3-$4) were decent.. . Overall Sushi Samba is an very okay restaurant. It is quite expensive, although very exquisite. I can now say I have been here, but there are other places to try.
My friends and I came here for happy hour.  . . There wasn't much room at the bar, but I found a single table in the bar.  I asked the hostess if we could sit there and she said yes but we had to order from the bar. I asked the hostess for menus and AFTER she told me I had to order from the bar she said someone would be there to help me. Errr...ok? My friend didn't hear any of this, but the bartender was nice and said instead of having us go up to the bar, she would have a waiter serve us.  The waiter who came was also really nice.. . I ordered a veggie tempura and spicy tuna roll. The veggie tempura roll was one of the bigger dishes there and was pretty good. It came with a traditional sauce and a creamy tangy sauce.  The spicy tuna roll had really weird rice.  It was smashed together and wasn't sushi rice.  I'm not sure that it was even Japanese rice.  I know this is a fusion restaurant but please don't f up sushi rice! . . 3 stars might seem a little harsh for bad rice, but as a whole, I guess I just wasn't that impressed.  It wasn't bad, but it was def. a'ight.
This restaurant was really crackin when we came on a Sat night for a friend's bday dinner.  You'll definitely need reservations for peak times (ie dinner on a weekend).  It's japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian cuisine all in one.  If you like Japanese w/ a twist, this is the spot to go to.  But beware, for some reason, it was really smokey (prob cause of the brazilian meats they were cooking) and overwhelmed the place (I don't think their blower was working that night).  Nonetheless, the restaurant has a hip vibe to it and along with that came much pricier menu options.  We had a large party of 10 and ordered quite a few things from the menu, but I'll just mention the ones that made our group go gaga over:. . 1) Chicken Teriyaki ~ Samba Style organic chicken, purple potato mash, aji amarillo, crispy onion - the chicken was to die for esp with the teriyaki sauce along with the PURPLE mash (yummm). 2) coconut rice - a nice twist to rice and vegetarians. 3) Rio Grande w/ a choice of three meats (grilled hanger steak, ribeye, pork tenderloin, chorizo, linguica with malagueta pepper oil and chimichurri) - friends had the hanger steak, ribeye, and i think the pork and came w/ a variety of dipping sauces.  Let's just say they were very satisfied.. . Overall, it's a fun place, but gets a bit crazy and hectic.  Large parties are better suited for a booth table vs. something in the middle of the restaurant where we were seated (seemed like we were in the way).  They are also well known for having a large saki menu, although we didn't get to try it out that time.  Just more of a reason to come back.
SUSHISAMBA is always on my itinerary when I come out here for my annual birthday celebration/vacation. I came here two days ago after my wonderful massage, all excited, hungry, and ready to throw down on some food, so I was glad I made it just in time for the happy hour. To my surprise, service was kind of amiss: my order initially came out wrong, my caipirinha was off and had to be adjusted, the salmon in my salmon avocado roll was a little dark, and the mosquitoes flying around me and my food drove me nuts! The only saving grace was the pork belly and the plantains, which were excellent (the mosquitoes thought so too).. . I really hope SUSHISAMBA isn't slacking off on what made them my fave in the first place :/ Sushi don't fail me now...
The kids meal is a great deal.  The adult menu is pricey and you will leave hungry UNLESS you spend a lot of money.  We tried purple mash (good), miso pork ramen $18 (for soup!), pork belly (great if you savor the taste of fat), edamame and Shrimp tempura.  It was around 100 bucks - hubby left hungry
Cool place for drinks before dinner or even after clubbing...I just hate that bar counter smell....yuck.
They won't seat you until your entire party is there.  Why?  Who cares?  You are holding the table.  Put people in it and get them started.  This is some antient rule started back in the day and no restaurant knows why they do it.  If the rest of the party takes too long, then those sitting can get started.  Get a clue.  If people are comfortable, they will spend money to eat and drink.  STUPIDITY!  The food is fabulous.  The waiter chose our courses and they were all great.  The bar area is weak with poor service.  And, they make you close out your tab before you sit to eat dinner.  Hello.  Make it easy for your customers to spend money not difficult.  I can't complain about the food.  The drinks are overpriced.  Our meal for two cost about $180.
I understand this place is pricey and expected it to be. I can afford a place like this... But apparently the service doesn't treat me like such. . . My friends came here to eat and I came to join them and they got seated at the sushi bar but it took forever for me to get water or anyone to take my order. I wore a cute dress, I have a nice bag, I am clean and freshly showered... But took awhile. They were nice when I ordered but come on... How long will it take? They really focused on the people who had tables. . . Food was good - overpriced which was expected. Got some rolls and a fish. 3 rolls and a fish. The fish (steamed) was eh... The rolls were good. I got plain salmon and yellowtail rolls which were actually on the cheaper end of the sushi price. . . Location. Palazzo... Good location. . Ambiance. Posh and high end. But be careful smelling like baked fish because there is a dish that has lots of smoke that can cause you to smell like it.my gf was near a table with the dish and smelled like it afterward. . . Overall... Maybe I'd come back... If I had a table.
We had a large dinner party and ordered separately. We did not order appetizers or cocktails, just the main course. My family had the three meats (grilled hanger steak, ribeye and pork tenderloin) and the miso-marinated Chilean sea bass. The meats were flavorful. We enjoyed the ribeye and pork tenderloin the best of the three meats. The sea bass was good, but it was not worth $29 for a tiny piece of fillet fish. We thought it was going to be a whole fish, enough to serve more than one person. The service was good when our waiter took our order, but he never came back to check up on our table to see how we were doing. We had to order extra rice and miso soup from other waiters and staff. Our waiter finally came to our table just to drop off the check. The manager came around and asked about our food, and we told him about the issue with our waiter. He apologized and offered us bite-sized cookies. The food was good, but the service was okay.
Sushi Samba is a great sushi place if you like Americanized, fusion-sushi. Conveniently located in the Palazzo shops, its great for a quick bite if you're staying at the Wynn or Venetian and don't want to walk too far.. . The prices are reasonable and the quality of the food is very good. I was particularly impressed with the huge portion of grilled yellowtail cheek I got for what I paid.. . The sauces that accompany their sushi rolls are quite interesting - mustard, ponzu and soy-based. . . My one complaint, and it's a major one, is that I had to order sake THREE TIMES before I actually got a glass. My first and second choices were sold out, and it took the waitress 15 minutes between orders just to tell me this. Finally, when I picked a sake they hadn't run out of, there was not enough left in the bottle to constitute a full serving. I wasn't charged for it, but it was too little, too late. What I ended up drinking was far from what I was in the mood for.. . If you sell sake by the glass, running out during the peak dinner hour in Vegas is unacceptable.
Happy hour is a happy time.. . $6 for a selection of appetizers and drinks for happy hour. Good deal! Remember not to come on the weekend b/c there is no happy hour. I found out the hard way when I came back the 2nd day for more. The quality of the sushi is good and the staff are very friendly. Asian and Latin fusion - confusing combo but not bad if you like this kind of stuff and need a break from heavier food.
All I can say is....KOBE BEEF ROLLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. YUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  . Definitely the best roll i have tasted in my life.  Kobe beef, shiso, and jalapeno peppers, with all sorts of other yumminess!!!!!!!!!!!!!  How I crave thee.. . There are all kinds of amazing dishes for this Brazilian, Japanese, fusion restaurant.  Try the excellent Black Cod Miso dish and the classic chicken teriyaki for starters.  The cocktails are amazing, too -- there is a Pomelo drink that is absolutely the most refreshing drink ever....with a ton of soju in it to make you tipsy!!!!. . Now that I've been samba'd, I will always put lime and togarashi on my edamame.  What a great combination!!!. . Things to stay away from: 1) Lobster roll. What have you done to the old lobster roll??? The new roll with the rice crisps on the outside is bland and blah.  Bring back the old roll!!! 2) Yellotail taqiutos. Not sure what this is, but don't order it.  It was fusion gone wrong!!!!. . All in all, a fun place for a big group to go to -- great, loud music...fun ambiance...good food!!!
We had the rock shrimp tempura appetizer and the fried squid with salt and pepper. Both were decent. We ordered a few rolls to share including the Bobo Brazil which was tasty. All the rolls were fine but on the pricey size. The dessert sampler was pretty decent but at 12 dollars a person, it's expected.
I like the ambiance of street meets mod and the energy is great. However, I give the sushi a B grade. They try really hard to dress up their sushi and rolls with interesting sauces and for the most part pull it off but I prefer traditional sushi joints that wow you with the freshness of the fish and not the add ons. . . One thing I highly recommend is the Kobe beef. We chose the Ishiyaki which roughly translates to "hot rock" in Japanese. They bring out a black rock that is heated to 600 degrees along with a large array of oils, sauces, and salts. The waiter gave us a short lesson on how to prepare the meat and we went to town. Preparing the meat ourselves added a nice social aspect to the business dinner but be aware that seven slices of thin Kobe beef costs $150. Cheers
I had a quick dinner with some work colleagues at Sushi Samba the night we arrived at the hotel. The wait on a Sunday night was about 45 minutes ... so we asked if we could sit/eat at the bar. They said it was fine and were promptly seated.. . We ordered 3 sushi rolls and 1 entree along with a couple of beers and one cocktail. For three people our bill was well over $100 and we didn't really have that much to eat. The service at the bar was friendly, but unattentive ... they seemed more interested in talking with each other than the customers that night. It was good, but I can't see paying $14+ for "specialty" rolls and $8-9 for a standard spicy tuna roll that you can get at a very good sushi restaurant for $5-6 anywhere other than on the strip in Vegas. I know ... it's Vegas, everything is expensive ... but $100 for a few rolls and an entree is a bit excessive.
I love ceviche... I don't really like shrimp so I love it when there is fish ceviche. This place has four different ceviches... YESSSS! I wasn't very hungry so I only ordered the yellowtail one, although I reeeally wanted to order the sampler to try all of them. We sat at the sushi bar to check out the variety and quality of fish, which was alright. The variety was the typical sushi staples and not much more. This didn't really seem like a place to get sashimi or plain sushi so we ordered rolls instead. I thought the Brazilian and Japanese fusion was very interesting. I had the halibut skewer which had a miso sauce and brazilian corn on the side. Pretty tasty but maybe a little overpriced. The Ishiyaki smelled really good but I didn't want to smell so we didn't get it. I don't know why we ordered a kobe roll when it's not real kobe beef and the portion is so thin and small that you can't even taste it. The service was fast and friendly. We received our food quickly, the place was clean, nice atmosphere, and overall enjoyable. I wouldn't rave about this place, but I wouldn't mind coming here again to try more things on the menu. I don't think I would recommend this as a sushi place, but more for their other items like robata (small selection) and Ishiyaki.
Excellent service, good quality, fresh sashimi, and questionable serving size. . . When my chirashi was delivered, it looked strangly small.  While I was eating my meal, I realized that the cuts of sashimi were very thin and small.  Unusually so.  I was sitting at the sushi bar and there was a guy sitting a couple of seats away from me.  After I was done with my meal, he asked me what I thought of it.  I said that I enjoyed it, but did mention the sashimi size concern I had.  He replied, saying that was his experience as well.  My grandmother used to say.....'if enough people say it, its got to be true'.  Grandma Ethel was a smart cookie.. . It's unfortunate as this impacted an otherwise nice dining experience.
Sushi was very good along with all of the appetizers. With that being said, I went with a group of about 10 girls and it took 20 minutes after being seated for them to recognize that we were there, and that was after we asked a server walking by. They definitely made up for it with free drinks and appetizers but it was disappointing and it should have never started out like that. From then on the service was pretty good but they ended up forgetting to bring a few dishes out, and somebody found hair in their food. Overall the food was great and they apologized and made up for the wasted time but the experience could have been better.
Sushi is good.  But our server also had a party of 10 he was waiting on, and he and all his bussers were so occupied with them our party of 3 was ignored.  We asked him for a sake menu when we ordered our food.  No one came close enough to our table for us to flag them down and ask again, until the busser came with our food.  Then we got the menu.  But when the couple at the table next to us had water accidently splashed on them, they made a fuss over them, going out of theirway to get the woman's scowl off her face.  Sushi was good, but the price tag was not worth the horrible service.
I thought this place was okay, but hey, it's Vegas, it's about what you might expect for sushi in Vegas
If I knew any better, after eating here I would of thought the ocean had run out of fish and we were rationing off slivers of hamachi to feed to survivors of the lastest zombie invasion in Outbreak: Las Vegas.. . Had the Yamato roll w/ foie and caviar ($16) and hamachi sashimi tiradito ($13). Tasty, but tiny.  The only redeeming dish was the pork belly skewers.  Best thing on the menu for $10.
A Japanese/Brazilian/Peruvian restaurant in the Palazzo Shops, with a sweet looking interior.. . The menu is a tad expensive ($15 rolls), but the food tasted fresh and the service was excellent.. . My favorite dish was the PORK BELLY RAMEN which came hot in a mondo-sized bowl.. . Other items I ordered included:. -SAMBA JUICE (raspberry and watermelon infused rum, acai, passionfruit, creme de banana, guava). -RAINBOW DRAGON ROLL (eel, red bell pepper, cucumber, mango, avocado). -SALT N PEPPER SQUID appetizer
Vegas is expensive so expect to pay some money to eat here.  Rolls average between $12-$20...not cheap.  I didn't have any rolls so I can't comment on them.  I did have the sashimi though.  I wasn't impressed by it at all.  I have had better sashimi by my house for a lot cheaper.  If you order the sashimi, don't get your hopes up.  . . Outside the sashimi, the restaurant is very nice and the service was good.  I would go there again and try the rolls this time as they did look pretty damn good.
Now that I've been here 4 times, I feel I can give an accurate review.  This place makes me feel very torn.  Here's the deal:. . Things to rave about:. -Cool energy in the place. Interesting decor, sleek seating areas, random stuff on the tvs to watch, nice music.. -Interesting flavors.  Not all their dishes are hits, but they are not afraid to try interesting things with some of their ceviches, tiraditos, etc.  The Neo Tokyo roll is tasty an their Yamato roll is very, very good (tuna, foie gras, osetra, and gold leaf).  . -There always seems to be a nice manager checking on us, refolding napkins, etc.. . Things that really turn me off about this place:. -It's soooooo expensive!  I'm by no means cheap and am willing to pay for good food that is well prepared.  The Yamato roll, for example, is expensive for a roll, but not for the yumminess of the foie gras.  But, some of their other food is just ok, very small portioned, and way overpriced.  The drinks are weak and are also overpriced. It's like the place thinks it's too cool for its own good.  I feel ripped off every time I go. I might not go anymore, to be honest.. -Douchiness on NYE.  We dropped by for lunch and were presented with a special menu, cutting off nearly everything normal and adding in some $30+ (charged per person) "small plates."  There were no hand rolls or cut rolls available, even with 5 sushi chefs at the bar.  And, to top it off, the orders of sushi are for one piece. One piece of sushi for 5 bucks! No sushi place does that mess!. . While I do enjoy some of the food, I don't enjoy the feeling of being ripped off by a place that really thinks it's so cool that it can.  If I'm going to spend $100 for lunch, there are better places with better food.
I've been to SUSHISAMBA twice, and although the food is amazing, I absolutely do not recommend coming here with a large group of people.  The first time I came with a group of 4 and it was so great, I demanded to go again the next time I went to Vegas.. . However, this time, with 14 people, the staff was incredibly rude to us and made it extremely apparent that they did not care about us, because we would need to pay the 20% gratuity anyway.  Dining with a group of people with extremely varied tastes, we wanted to order ala carte from the menu...a simple request.  . . However, the waiter/maitre d refused to let us do so, and kept pushing for us to go with the "tasting sampler" which would be customized to our tastes.  He kept trying to haggle down the price, which wasn't the issue.  The issue was that some of us wanted only high quality sashimi and rolls and others did not eat raw fish.  Eventually we gave in because we had been arguing with him for nearly 45 minutes.  He promised that there would be "lots of sushi," and food started to come, without ever asking us what types of food we liked.  Eventually sushi did come...4 very, very small rolls, with the cheapest types of fish possible.. . Although the food they brought out was good and I tried things that I would probably not have ordered, I wanted to eat the things I did like in large quantities, as did the rest of the people in my group.  If I'm going to pay as much as food at SUSHISAMBA costs, it better damn well be things I actually want to eat.  We probably would have spent more money ordering what we actually wanted anyway.. . I have never dealt with service being so pushy and so unresponsive to our requests.  This trip definitely made me rethink my previous love of the restaurant, I'm not sure if I'll be back.
I love Sushi Samba and the food and drinks are great, but the service and overall dining experience of this trip was HORRENDOUS. . . First of all, the girl next to us had her shoes off and it was sitting right next to us and she was sitting cross-legged the whole dinner. And to make the situation even trashier, at the end of dinner, she asked us for a piece of food from our plate to show her date a trick. . . Our waiter was friendly, but he never checked on us and seemed like a ditz. ALL our dishes came out at once so we were busy shoving our faces with food so the food wouldn't get too warm, cold, soggy, etc. And then all of a sudden our dishes stopped and it turns out they forgot half our order. Our waiter should have checked up on us and made sure all the dishes were okay, but he had no clue as to what was going on. We were so disappointed and angry especially since the dinner was $300+. I don't expect stellar service from McDonald's but I expect good, quality service from a nice restaurant.
Japanese/Brazilian fusion is an intriguing concept.  The good: green bean tempura with black truffle aioli, antichuco tenderloin with Peruvian corn, and warm banana chocolate pie.  As far as sushi rolls go: just because you combine a bunch of flavors together doesn't necessarily make them tasty.  The king crab roll with pear was downright odd.  It was served with some type of avocado crema that was not complementary to the crab.  Everything overpowered the fish, in fact I'm not even sure if the roll contained fish.  A green envy roll advertised a wasabi pea crust that I thought would give it crunch. Negative.  Just a light dusting to give the roll yet again an odd flavor.  If you enjoy more traditional Japanese sushi this will not satisfy the craving. However, for light appetizers and drinks this makes for a good spot.
Sushi rice here is always dry. It might not be their fault. It might just be the air in Vegas. I wouldn't go here for the sushi, but the A5 grade steak cooked at the table on the stone was delicious. Other stuff ... well, I've had better.
Their signature roll saved them from a 2 star review.  Reading the reviews and consistency of solid reviews, I thought I found the spot!  Once there, the overpriced menu and sake list reminded me I was in Vegas, a place that should not have to be this expensive, I mean come on, people are handing money hand over fist at the tables, don't gouge us at the restaurants.  Nigiri was priced per piece at a rate higher than I'm used to paying for 2 pieces.  The rolls were decent, I liked the spicy tuna version they served, a little unique, the eel avocado was good.  My main complaint is that they are a decent sushi spot, nothing extraordinary, and their prices are simply too high.  However, the samba roll, with Maine Lobster, mango and some other delightful flavors that created a party on my palate, bumped them to 3 stars.  Great roll, $19, but that one was special.
The sushi was good, not great, just good.  Unfortunately, I've paid a lot less for much better.  3 stars because this restaurant is clever with menu items and decor, but nestled in the heart of a massive casino full of tourists and prices to boot. This place kind of reminds me of a Jefferson Airplane video, dark, yet colorful.  The wait staff were very friendly, but inattentive for an early dinner service.
We came here for a Bachelorette Party Dinner - a group of 14 girls.   . . The one bad thing about my experience here was - they could've sat us at a bigger table.  I swear we must've had the smalled table that 11 girls squished into a booth and 3 chairs at the end?  Our martini glasses were spilling everywhere!. . Drinks - they were REALLY slow in bringing these out to us.  And the cocktails we ordered were overly sweet.. . Food - we ended up doing the tasting menu ($50pp that's without drinks and tip)  I have to say - it was good they catered to what we requested and taking into consideration any food allergies one may have.  One girl had allergies to avocado, so they made a serving especially for her that excluded it.  There was a serving for each person, to get a taste of everything.  . . The food was alot better than I expected.  Except there is this particular taste in the sushi, I wasn't quite sure what it was it was almost floral like, I wasn't a big fan of that, but other than that all the dishes were good, even the gyoza!  . . I would recommend this place to others for group dinners.
Food was very good and unique.  Yellowtail taquitos, sepia robata and Peruvian corn were distinct highlights.  Ambiance and service left something to be desired, though.  The room, while interesting was very noisy with tables right on top of each other making discreet conversation a chore.  The waitress didn't bother explaining the menu or offering suggestions other than a quick listing of specials.  Despite ordering at least 6 dishes, all the food arrived at the same time.  So much for pacing the meal!. . We were done our dinner in 40 minutes and feeling rushed by the staff were eager to leave.  Would return for lunch or appetizers but nt again for a leisurely meal.
It was a good experience to try something new in sushi, but there was nothing that really stood out in taste that would make me return. We took a lot of the server's recommendations for popular items like the specialty dishes sea bass with Peruvian corn and Yellowtail Taquitos served like tapas, which were both good. The Peruvian corn was ok, but didn't seem to have a complimenting taste with the sea bass. We let the server know and he brought out some Purple Potato Mash just to try something different and it was better than the corn. . . The service was great. Our server was very knowledgeable about the food, how it was prepared and the types of sake that was offered. We enjoyed 4 different sakes, which was more enjoyable than the sushi. . . If you want to feel like you ate a lot, stick with mostly rolls... the rice will help fill you up.. . Typical price for food in LV... $$$... although I didn't think we ordered that much and the cost was just short of the 200 mark for two.. . Good Brazilian/Peruvian fusion... but if I had a choice between this and traditional sushi... obviously traditional.
Happy to get a chance to eat here and even happier I wasn't paying. Wow this place is EXPENSIVE!! The staff is pushy and tries to get you spend big when you visit. Service was excellent and the food tastes great. The menu is a mix of cultures so there is more to SushiSamba then sushi. . . Its a classic Las Vagas chic restaurant so your paying for the location as much as anything else. Sushi was well made but as mentioned prior, way to expensive. Some rolls are priced by the piece in the 2-4$ range. If your looking for a value this not the place if your looking for a hip and trendy LV sushi spot SushiSamba is fun!
This Sushi Samba is hit or miss. Been here and had awesome food, other times I have not been that impressed.  . . My staple dishes are:. . Otsumami appetizer. shishito peppers. yellowtail taquitos. seabass robata with peruvian corn (this is a favorite of mine). neo tokyo roll. el topo roll. green envy roll. . Last time I went I also ordered the drink tree with my friends. That was fun, the drinks tasted like candy and it was perfect for 4 people!. . All in all, I have had more positive experiences as this samba that negative, but even so I much prefer the New York locations to this one.
We ate here about a year ago.  I remember enjoying the food and atmosphere.  Can't recall what we ate, but I do remember that it wasn't too bad.  Will have to go again and post a better review.
The food was of pretty decent quality and I liked the marrying of different kinds of styles; I really think that their fusion dishes are better than their traditional dishes. We also really liked the drinks. . .  The service was pretty awkward; we apparently came in during a shift change and it wasn't handled very well. . .  My biggest gripe is the sashimi served in incredibly tiny cuts at one piece per oder. It was the least impressive thing that we ate. I actually wondered if it was a mistake and the waiter was of little help, so I'm still not certain. I wouldn't mind the prices they charge for it if the portions were better or the quality was better.. .  I'll eat here again, but I won't order the sushi or sashimi next time and I'll make sure that there isn't a shift change happening.
Well three of us went here for my husbands birthday last night. We primarily got sushi and the Samba Sushi rolls. So here is the good and the bad:. Bad: We made a reservation for 9pm and were still left waiting 20min for a table. I feel whats the point of a reservation if your stuck waiting.. The Samba rolls are a little over priced, but its Vegas so its expected.. They don't give you wasabi....HELLO its sushi who doesn't give wasabi and pickled ginger. Instead you get this creamy green stuff they claim is wasabi but it's not. Not one hint of spice, tastes more like creamy avocado.. Also rolls are not full rolls like a regular sushi place, they are pretty small.. . Good: Service was good, our waitress was attentive even though the place was slammed.. Also the rolls were tasty. If you do go for sushi the El Toro Samba roll is amazing, as well as the Pacifico. . . So for 7 rolls my bill was $95.00 and we eat them in l less time then our wait for them to be made. . . I personally wouldn't go here again just because I felt for my time, and money I can find another Sushi place just off the strip thats way better.
The sushi was very tasty but the portions were very small for the price. . Service was good. Restaurant was loud as to be expected in a Vegas restaurant.
I celebrated my birthday here and was looking forward to trying the wonderful looking food I've seen posted. I even picked out the most popular items (of course, according to Yelp) and took my server's recommendations. However, I expected my taste buds to have a party that night, and it fell a little short.. . Overall, it was a good dinner. Service was impeccable. From beginning to end, their staff worked perfectly together to make sure we enjoyed our experience. Water were always refilled, our emptied plates were cleared immediately, yet they didn't hover or rush us. Very friendly. We really couldn't have asked for a better wait staff to serve us.. . What did we order?. . Crispy Taquitos - Yellowtail & Lobster. Rib-Eye Robata Skewers. Miso Marinated Chilean Sea Bass w/ Purple Sweet Mashed Potatoes. Peruvian Corn. Samba Strip Roll. Bobo Brazil Roll. Rosca - donuts. . The best tasting dishes for us was of course the Chilean Sea Bass. It was good enough that we were a bit disappointed that it was such a small serving size. Two small skewers. Peruvian Corn was also a hit. However, the sushi rolls were well presented, but lacked much in flavor. The rib-eye and taquitos were decent, but as I reiterate, all pretty to look at, yet nothing came close to being a wow.. . Setting is very nice, the restaurant is nice set up to accommodate large parties as well as couples. Bar serves food and offer happy hour drinks till 7pm on weekdays. . . I definitely appreciated the complimentary birthday dessert, the Coco Duo, which was sweet and yummy. Photos are available of all items I listed here. . . 3 stars for now, however I'd definitely give Sushi Samba another try. Maybe the wow will come later...
I was sorry to give this place three stars! I really wanted to love it!  My husband and I just moved back from the East Coast and we were really looking forward to some AWESOME West Coast sushi! We arrived around 9pm and were promptly greeted and seated by the  hostess. We didn't like the original seat she tried to give us so I asked her to sit one table in and also because it was a four top instead of a two top (you need room when you order sushi.....you either get tons of little plates or a huge plate that doesn't fit on a two top table). Well that must have frustrated her because she threw the menus down on the table I wanted and basically ran back to the hostess stand. ( yes she threw the menus!) we then proceeded to wait a good 15 minutes before anyone would come over and talk to us....not even give us water. Finally our waitress came over and apologized and we were ready to order drinks and edamame. Our drinks came quickly and we ordered the rest of our dinner with some suggestions from our waitress. Our first to appetizers came pretty fast as well but the waitress for got we wanted edamame so that came later in the meal. The oysters were awesome...the yellowtail with jalapeno was AMAZING.....sushi rolls were good but the rock shrimp tempura was off....taste just wasn't there ( taste not spice.....it was basically no flavor but spicy). Our waitress talked up the mini doughnuts for dessert so we ordered them...only to find out they were out.. Our bill was over 200$ and I left disappointed at that price.. On a side note the hostess tried to seat 3 other couples at the original table she wanted to give us and all 3 couple asked for different tables.....it wasn't a busy night.....she may want to take a step back and remember she is the first person people see....she needs to represent this restaurant better.
While my better half was making moolah at the poker table, I needed to escape the ding-ding-ding sounds of the casino and decided to grab some happy hour. A short walk from the Encore, SushiSamba seemed to fit my need for some discounted booze and appetizers. . . Their long oval bar by the main entrance was pretty much empty, so I easily settled into a spot and perused their happy hour offerings. They offered three different whiskey cocktail concoctions for $6. Not being a huge whiskey fan, I picked the one that sounded the least rough to me. It was actually pretty decent, although I could have used a little more cocktail and a lot less ice. . . I picked three appetizers, an amount that is generally plenty at most happy hours to fill me up to the brim. The shrimp & chorizo skewers (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=rDJUWVRIOa0MXgtMILQ7HA#rDJUWVRIOa0MXgtMILQ7HA) were my favorite. The shrimp was barely cooked through with nice char marks and the chorizo had great flavors. The chimichurri-like sauce on top was great. I could have eaten a lot more of these. The sliced ahi tuna (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=rDJUWVRIOa0MXgtMILQ7HA#-AMDCTLNjWrfNMkPbPGf0A) consisted of two very thin pieces of ahi drowned  in a soy-mustard sauce and topped with a halved cherry tomato and some leaves. This portion was super tiny and made me wonder whether happy hour at this place meant you get a quarter of the portion for half the price of the regular appetizer dish... I got the same feeling with the shredded pork mini tacos (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=rDJUWVRIOa0MXgtMILQ7HA#i30qdbtwZSj2f8tNbjkqLQ). One bite and those suckers were gone. The spicy sauce on the side served in a shot glass looked cool, but it was so frickin' hot (the bartenders thoroughly warned me) that you could only use a mini droplet on each taco. So what was the point of serving that much sauce? Again, the portion size was disappointing and the taco was just average. . . Two drinks & three appetizers = $37 (including tip). I left hungry and unimpressed. For around $40 I can usually eat and drink myself into stupidity at happy hour. Sheesh, I could have had a great entree and a nice glass of wine at many of Vegas' amazing restaurants instead. Oh well, SushiSamba is overpriced for its portions and the dishes were nothing mind blowing. Don't think I'll be back here anytime soon.
Our first meal after a very long plane flight from the east coast turned out to be ok,but not over the top. The restaurant is very noisy,had to yell across the small table to my man . The waiter was terrific(thanks Carmine)'you really were a huge help. The food was tasty but nothing special,because of the noise level we opted out early and skipped dessert and coffee. All in all ok but nothing amazing.
Sushi is mediocre.. Prices are high.. Service is pretty bad. . There are a lot of better places to eat in Vegas.
Good happy hour with tasty food and friendly hostesses. Love the caipirinha with Gyoza as well as the yummy calimari and rolls.
It was ok, but nothing spectacular about it..... . Twist on Japanese and Brazilian cuisine
Sushi, and Mojitos make for a great combination.  Not at Vegas prices though.  $90~ for 2 rolls, and a cocktail? I mean... Sure... There were 3 balls of cavier sitting on a roll, but, was it really enough to warrant the price of the roll? I obviously don't feel like it did... . . The fish was fresh-ish, but the rice was pretty blah... Overcooked, and cold... The most redeeming part of my experience was the gorgeous server actually seeming like she enjoyed her job... . . Alas, Vegas will be Vegas, and Vegas will be overpriced and underclassed...
good but a bit pricey.  We had the mushrooms in cocount milk, tuna ceviche, hamachi sushi, and spicy tuna rolls - all were very good.
This is really a 3.5 start review, Read on...The food is spectacular and atmosphere is funky cool. The Service was very attentive. Be warned. If you go in a group and they ask to "put together some courses for the table" you will pay and you will pay very very dearly. This seems to be their normal mode with big groups (6-10) as we have had them ask the last 3 times we have gone. The previous times we ended up with great food and probably spent a little more than we intended. . . This last trip was over the top. They kept the courses coming including the Hot Rock Kobe Beef. This was a super cool food experience and great tasting- but $160 PER PLATE? Frankly I'd refer to the wait staff as salespeople who did a darn good job giving my Platinum card a major workout. . . I have no idea how Yelp can rate this $$$ as it should be $$$$ with maybe an extra $ tossed on for good measure. . . Overall- awesome food, deceptive "meal suggestions" and crazy prices. Will I go back- yes-but I'll be selecting my own food next time thank you very much!
I guess I'm just in a bad mood but NOBODY CARES which overpriced show you were on your way to see or that you've been to their other locations oh so many times...we get it. You're well-traveled, posh and cultured. It's Yelp, we all are or at least put on airs like we are, get over it!. . Peh.. . Anyway.. . The Pacifica roll was good, it was one of their signature rolls. The regular roll we got was tasty too. Can't speak for their steaks...but prepare to be disappointed with the taquitos. They're so small you could feed four of them to your Shiba-Inu/Fox-Paulistinha mix puppy and have it look up at you in hungered disappointment. (A Shiba Inu is a small Japanese dog and a Fox Paulistinha is a small Brazilian dog. If you mixed them I think you would get a pretty small dog.). . Service was OK, the wait for a table was short but wait for food was substantial, and the menus were pretty confusing.
I ate at the bar, even though I had a table reservation, because I was by myself and realized that, with a rollerbag in tow, that it was going to be nasty going once the place filled up. I ordered a couple of things, two different ceviches, one hamachi collar, and one whole roast fish (I was combining lunch and dinner budgets, because I was getting on a really long flight). I have to say, my server didn't bother trying to pace my food. The whole fish came right after the collar, and although they accommodated my request to take it back and keep it heated, it had definitely lost something. Minus one star for that, and the restaurant hadn't even become more than one-third full yet. Secondly, the two roast fishes were way too similar, even though the whole fish was advertised as having all kinds of goodness and was much more expensive than the simple collar. However, both ceviches were excellent and I suspect this place is much better at Latin-Japanese fusion than anything else (but what should I expect?). This place is probably worth exploring (and requires it), but you'll need a big wallet or some serious need to dine in cool locations. I would get my fix of this kind of cuisine elsewhere.
Food: Food here is pretty solid for the most part. Tempura fried green beans with truffled aioli and crispy yellow tail taquitos were bright memorable flavors. The pacific roll was decent but not worth the price you pay for. The salt and pepper squid was a let down since they use squid strips, which were thick and chewy. . . Service: Friendly and down to earth. However our server failed to mention a tasting menu to us when other servers had mentioned it to nearby customers. Perhaps a bit of stereotyping?. . Ambience: SushiSamba kills it on ambience. Japanese street art and whimsy decor fill the dining area. Its hip and urban and I love it. Their seating arrangements left something to be desired though. I sat centimeters away from guests on opposite sides of me. A bit claustrophobic. . . Verdict: With some standout as well as some strikeout dishes, SushiSamba is that kind of place that's great to share a few Japanese inspired tapas before a drunken night out on the strip.
Rounding out my three night kobe adventure was sushi samba.  This place was pretty darn cool. I give them 4 stars for the kobe and 3 for the rest.  The sushi was very good, but not "las vegas" good.  There are far better places if you just want sushi.  But this place is different, offering a spin of Brazillian flare on the Japanese standard.  I liked the playfulness.... . . but back to the important stuff... the Kobe!  Grade A5 from Japan (I'm guessing Vegas had a shipment of this because every place said they had A5 Japanese Kobe!)  Sushi Samba brought out a plate of raw sliced kobe next to a line of dry and wet spices/marinades.  Then came the huge hot rock.  We were then instructed to dip the beef in the marinade of choice, set on rock for 30 seconds a side, then sprinkle with preferred dry spice.  I watched the ladies at our table go first and I saw them immediately go to their "happy place" with the first bite.  After the rest of the table ate, I could see everyone counting the remaining pieces to see how many more bites they had.  Hahahaha!!! So much fun!. . Great Sake list if you like that (which I do).  Hundreds of junmai daiginjo bottles going into the $1,000's.  I found a decent one for $50 (300ml).  So recap, get the kobe, enjoy the sushi... don't go if sushi is all that you want, there's better.
Nice creative dishes.  Pork belly was very good.  Other dishes good.  Very expensive.  Would have gone to Nobu, but they aren't open for lunch.
It is good, but I have not been back since my first visit.  There are much better sushi places in Las Vegas if you are going to spend this kind of money.  I tried a couple of the samba rolls, and for as much thought as it appears going into them, I was expecting more flavor.  They were all good, just nothing special that is going to make me go back.  Service was also good, but really, nothing from this place stands out to me as exceptional.  You will get a good meal, but nothing special.
Did the omakse thing here a few years back and although it was good, I think it could have been a lot better. Don't get me wrong, the place kicked butt in terms of coolness, style and presentation but the dishes were definitely lacking in my opinion.. . Recommendations: Hit up Nobu!
I ate at this location recently and the one in Chicago (in 2011)...I must say the Chicago location was much better. Our group was craving sushi so we stick to ordering mostly Japanese food instead of the Brazilian or Peruvian dishes.. . Some of the dishes I remembered ordering were Samba Strip (TERRIBLE!!!), Yamato, BoBo Brazil, extra crunchy salmon skin hand roll, Samba Sashimi, Uni, yellowtail ceviche tacos and some other stuff. The two best dishes were the Yamato roll with foie gras and the uni (very fresh). Everything else was so-so with the biggest disappointment was the Samba Strip roll. . . Overall nothing was memorable. I was quite disappointed given my last experience in Chicago was so mouthwatering I've been waiting to go to Vegas to try again.
Intrigued by the Japanese/South American fusion going on here and the rather good Yelp reviews, I ended up here with a group for a late dinner one Sunday night during a recent trip to Vegas. We were seated promptly at our reserved time.. . The service was immediately kind of odd. Our waiter did not give us menus (other than for drinks), but instead started talking about how if we had a particular budget in mind, they could send us enough food to fill that budget. Butbutbut...I saw the menu online! I knew there was a menu. I wanted to be in CONTROL! Would the waiter let us be in control?. . After awhile yes, yes he did. We were able to secure some menus, and he then proceeded to go through the different sections of the menu with us as if we were eight years old and/or eating dinner by ourselves at a restaurant for the first time. Is fusion really that scary for people?. . So we ordered a couple of rounds, tapas style, like we do. There were hits and misses along the way. The best stuff was in the robata area of the menu. The pork belly with the butterscotch miso about slayed me with its awesomeness. The duck breast dish we got was also killer, with a fantastic sauce and lots of meaty, meaty mushrooms. The Shishito peppers were solid, as was the sea eel we got nigiri style. It's hard to mess those two up. The yamato rolls, in all their decadence, were worth every penny.. . The seared wagyu beef was probably the biggest miss of the evening. The menu does not list truffle oil in the dish's ingredients, but that's about all I could taste. And for me, truffle oil makes everything taste and smell rancid. Not appealing. The El Topo, while quite good, was also a bit of a disappointment. I love fried onions, but they seemed to overpower here. The yellowtail sashimi also seemed a bit off, as the lemongrass sauce wasn't particularly complimentary. . . The service was alright but stayed a little odd during our visit. Sometimes our waiter would be absent for long periods of time, and then suddenly would be around almost too often. The place was loud, almost too loud. Prices are about what you'd expect for a sushi spot on the Strip. Overall, I enjoyed this place, but it is easily overshadowed by the plethora of better options nearby.
This was my second time here and after going to the Chicago location, Chicago rules all the way. The worst roll ever was the Samba Strip w/lobster, it looked like an amateur put it together. There was no flavor and for the price of $19, umm NOT! The only roll that was good was the Yamato (foie gras) and BoBo Brazil (seared wagyu beef). . . However, you must order the coco duo, it was the bomb!!!
We arrived at the restaurant at about 12:40 on a Saturday night. The hours stated that they close at 2am however you would think it was 1 because we were rushed. The waiter was kind enough but he told us that the kitchen was closing and from that point he spewed suggestions out faster than we could look at the descriptions of them on the menu and it seemed as if they were just trying to feed us and get us out. The ambiance and seating were pleasant. We started with the samba strip and the green envy rolls. They were just ok. I have paid $15-20 for sushi rolls before and was less than impressed with the taste of these selections which tasted like run of the mill, $5 rolls. However, we ordered the raved about sea bass skewers that were recommended here on yelp and wow were we blown away. Succulent, juicy and jam packed with flavor. The waiter even gave us an extra one, perhaps because of the rush. If we weren't full from the rolls and didn't observe our server motion to the kitchen that they were done several minutes before we received the skewers, then we would have asked for another order... Maybe two lol.  We give 3 stars because of the overpriced sushi rolls and the feeling of being hurried but if you get a chance, try the sea bass skewers and maybe some of the other dishes... I'll definitely give them a second chance...perhaps a little earlier in the day next time.
Lots of different styles that I'm used to but always great to try new things...
Wandered in here without a plan for a first time meet up.. . Though my eyes were not necessarily on the food, I noted a few things, sitting at a table vs. sitting at the sushi bar: the emphasis was on the fusion foods (sushi menu was backpage) and the drink menu was bigger than the food menu. I agree with Bunny G. that no one bothered to explain anything about the menus.. . Ordered their house ice tea which is a mint tea Arnold Palmer, served with lemon & lime wedges.  Very tasty & refreshing since I don't think I've ever had an Arnie with mint tea.. . The edamame was standard fare, served cool with crushed rock salt sprinkled on top.  I ordered 2 rolls, shrimp tempura (6 pcs), and a spicy tuna (8 pcs).  The shrimp tempura was exactly that, no fuss, frills, standouts.  The spicy tuna, I think was just a tuna roll served with a squirt of sriracha.  Good thing I wasn't there for the food!. . The decor & service were exceptional and it looked like there was a special/private dining area in the back.  Interesting decor that isn't particular of any single culture, or at least any that I know of.  There were these wooden chairs that looked to be carved out of giant coconuts but could really only seat an Ommpa Loompa.  Another strange touch, that doesn't quite work to me: The food menus were not on the small side, but the cover was like leather, as in, not self supporting.  The only way to read the menu, that didn't feel awkward, was to lay it on the table.  For some reason, I didn't want a leather menu touching my little appetizer plate.  It seems unsanitary.. . Because the prices were so high, I rate the food a 2-2.5 stars, but the decor & service a solid 4 stars.  So, 3.33 stars, it is!
The food at sushi samba was amazing. I highly recommend the shishitu peppers and the yellow tail jalapenos. All beef plates were to die for. The blame it on rip drink is spicy and yummy. . However the waitstaff was not so good. They were slow and rude. Sushi rolls took ages to get, and pretty much ignore clients. Lets just say the bussing staff does better at filling your water then the waitress does of making money for the estabishment.  They don't update their wine list very often so don't be surprised if they are out of stock. . Would I go back? Debatable...
The sushi was great.  We had a really yummy seaweed sampler appetizer that was real good and the salmon sashimi was of very good quality.  . We were not happy with the smallish roll selection and the service left a lot to be desired (minus 1 star).   We have a sushi place on every corner in the Bay Area/Sacramento area, and this place was pretty good, but not worth the cost.
Great ambiance, decent food.. A lot of people have recommended this restaurant, but I think it's a bit overrated. . I love sushi.  Although the sushi was well presented, they didn't taste like anything spectacular.  Surprisingly not too many rolls to choose from even though they try to create some original specialty rolls.  . . Neo Tokyo Roll - Spicy tuna inside, tuna outside.  This roll was just ok.  It just tastes like spicy tuna.. . Sea Bass Skewers - Probably our only favorite dish.  Comes with corn.. . El Topo Roll - Good, sorta like a crunchy roll, crispy onions and mayo on top.. . Pork belly ramen - Highly recommended by server, but a huge disappointment.  It was a failed attempt.  The broth was clear and bland.  It tasted like instant ramen with a hint of tom yum soup flavoring.  Nothing like ramen at all.  . . Sushisamba has good food, it just didn't show me anything new or exciting except that you're in a really nice restaurant, but you're paying for it.
We enjoyed SushiSamba twice while staying at The Palazzo. The first time, we had lunch and the second time, we met a group for drinks after dinner. . . LUNCH. . The whole Japanese/Brazilian/Peruvian fusion idea had me curious. That, and if I am honest with myself, I was craving sushi because it's been awhile. Enter SushiSamba for lunch. We were seated promptly at a booth and perused the menu. After some deliberation, I decided on the Samba Strip roll (Maine lobster tempura, mango, tomato, chive, crispy rice, soy paper, peanut curry) and a side of Peruvian corn. The presentation of the Samba Strip roll was lovely, and the lobster claw was filled with succulent meat - as it turns out, chopsticks are the perfect implement for digging out every single morsel of claw meat. The peanut sauce was delicious with a tang at the end that had me coming back for more. And interestingly enough, the Peruvian corn, when dipped in the peanut sauce, was quite delicious. The Peruvian corn itself was wonderful - it has a slightly sweet, tangy sauce on it which complemented the roasted goodness of the corn very well. About the size and similar to hominy, it had a memorable (in a good way) stick-to-your-teeth texture.. . DRINKS. . The atmosphere becomes more clubbish in the evening and the music gets turned up a notch. We gathered at the front in the waiting/bar area and pretty much took over the couch and chairs there. Our server was great about allowing us to hang out there for an hour or so over drinks. Speaking of drinks, I had an amazing concoction called the Nashi martini (Grey Goose La Poire, shochu, St. Germain elderflower liquor, freshlychee, passion fruit ). I could have bathed in it, given the chance.
Came in for an early dinner before a show. Service and ambiance pretty good. Here's what we had:. . miso soup - salty and $6 for a $1.50 bowl. I know it's the Strip, but.... tuna tataki . anticucho beef and seabass - these were very good, and only slightly overpriced even at Strip prices. Seabass was more like butterfish misoyaki, so you're not gonna fail here, but please don't mislead me and call it "anticucho"!. duck. rice - $5    O_O. seviche tuna . yellowtail - $30 for 5 pcs.... and not the greatest cut. dessert was very gratifying, with the chocolate banana thing (sorry, it was a while ago) and pressed coffee and hot tea - quite excellent.. . Whichever items didn't have any remarks meant that they were pretty good too. With exception to an extremely lackluster miso soup and the hamachi, the food wasn't terribly overpriced. . . They do a montage of Japanese, Hispanic, Brazilian mix. Service was decent, nothing worth noting and far from elegant, personable, or excellent but whatever I guess? I was there to eat, not have my butt kissed. Will I come back to eat when I get into town? Perhaps. They have an extensive menu so worth trying some different things. Is it a must? No.
We came here for an early dinner during our trip to Las Vegas.. . When we got to the restaurant, the hostess ushered us in.  We sat in front of the sushi counter.. . Our friend told us to try the omakase, so we ordered two.. . The food was good.  Nothing really special.  I honestly thought the place was kind of overrated...  . . The omokase menu wasn't enough for us, so we had to order 3 more small plates.
Sushisamba would be very good if there weren't so many other better options for sushi on the Strip.. . My wife and I dined at Sushisamba before catching Rock of Ages.  The ambiance is fun but a little busy.  It can be difficult to hold a conversation.. . I started out with the red miso soup with mushrooms.  It was way to salty even for miso.  I ordered some sashimi and a sushi roll with foie gras.  It was good but not great.  My wife ordered a bunch of sides (she's pregnant and was craving rice, beans, and plantains all at the same time!).  She complained that the food was a bit too spicy.. . We ordered mochi for dessert.  They were pretty good but standard without anything standing out.. . Overall, there are better options for sushi.  The Latin infusion was kind of gimmicky and did not always pair well with the Japanese dishes.
I give 5 Stars to Customer Service but MINUS 1 Star for having the environment dark! Food was delicious and average.Plus I MINUS 1 more Star for charging my 6 years old daughter $15 for 5 piece of "California Rolls" ... really its California Rolls!!!
Since this was downstairs in our hotel, the Palazzo, and it was happy hour, we decided to stop by. It's only in the bar area though so we had to wait a little bit for a seat or open area at the bar. Special fancy drinks for $6 and then also an assortment of appetizers for also $6 each. Each portion is tiny so  getting food for multiple people so it can add up. We tried the yellowtail (2 pieces in an order), spicy tuna roll, shrimp tempura roll, salt and pepper squid, and the enzo roll (I think that's what it called). The yellowtail was fresh and had a unique sauce (lemongrass) that it came with. The first two rolls and the squid were ok. And the enzo roll was my favorite. It had salmon and these crispy bits in it and was rolled in like a white rice paper instead of seaweed. For drinks we all tried the Fresca, which had muddled strawberries and a bunch of alcohols. I found it light, sweet and refreshing. All and all, a good place for a little something something before dinner. HH is definitely not enough for a full on meal and it's a little pricey but I guess better than a regular meal here.
Not bad. Decent sushi. The sea bass skewers was easily the highlight. Not worth the price overall though.
SushiSamba offers high quality food and ingredients but it was all underwelming. My group of friends did the $50 per person and while some of the dishes were good, nothing was amazing. For the total we paid (+$500), there could have been some amazingness incorporated and we could have been a bit more full leaving the restaurant. The sushi platter was petite in quantity as well as size of the pieces. The decor was probably the best part about the experience, artsy and contemporary. I guess when it comes to sushi, I'll have to "fish" for the traditional.
I would have given 4 stars if it wasn't for the bartender/waitress "Lynn". Apparently she was new, but it was not necessary to be so rude when I politely asked to get a table. You shouldn't act so stuck up if you are working in customer service, especially when there's not much to be stuck up about. Stop killin' the vibe for customers!. . If she didn't kill mine and my cousins mood it would have been a great experience. Everyone else was great and the food was delicious
I have to rate this restaurant down due to its poor service to us. Our order didn't go through the system well so we waited almost an hour for the food. The manager was quite nice to compliment us with an extra dish for the long wait. Among all dishes i tried, i will recommend two: the green tea ice cream and the sea bass.
