Add some Disney background music and colors...BAM...world of colors.
Okay, it's pretty cool, but I'm calling shenanigans.  First, we waslked a long, long ways after our dinner on the other end of the strip just to have the show cancelled due to "wind."  (Note to Bellagio owners: You spent $40m for an attraction that has to be shut down in 8mph winds?!  You know this is the desert, right?). . Second, as I was walking down the path, looking at the water, I ran smack into a tree limb that was stuck out over the pathway, at eye level.  Not cool Bellagio!  Didn't your lawyers tell you about property owners' liability?  Italians may be too short to hit their head on such branches but sometimes you have compromise on authenticity.  . . Although we didn't actually get to watch the show on the Bellagio property, I will speculate that the best place to watch is from Mon Ami Gabi across the street, sitting on the patio.  You get to watch it over and over, with a glass of wine in your hand, comfortably sitting rather than standing in a throng of people, and when you get bored you can turn back to your conversation with your table mate.
Still impressed with this show every time. It draws all walks of life, puts a smile on your face and it's free. I also think it's a non pick-pocketing zone, so it has that going for it.
This water show is very pretty. It's synchronized to music which makes it interesting. It's also free soyou should definitely check it out. People overhype it just a little too much though. I feel like after you see it a couple times, it's not that exciting.
It's one of those things you have to do in Vegas - see the show. It starts every fifteen minutes and lasts the length of one song. It's a choreographed water show that sometimes includes fog (My Heart Will Go On). We watched from the front of The Bellagio and caught the end of one show and then stayed for two more. Very Vegas, a must see while on the strip.
Everybody has seen this show in the multitude of television commercials. Experiencing it live is pretty cool. The show is well choreographed and somewhat short for the one-half hour wait for the show. It's a lot of water shooting up in the air, and once you see it, you'll need not go back.
Always a nice place to see when you're here.
I guess if you never seen water shooting in the air it is mildly entertaining.  It is also in sync with music playing but overall is boring and not worth getting in the middle of the huge crowd that gathers and heards away at once.  I would watch it from across the street for a minute and carry on with your trip.  Great for the first 30 seconds though.
Schon und nett anzusehen, etwas uberlaufen von Touristen, aber ganz okay. Aber leider kein Vergleich zu den Fountains of Dubai an der Dubai Mall.
