The place looks great. Definitely a really top notch look. However, my sister and I arrived early to see deadmau5 and it seemed very unorganized. This is too small a place to have such amazing and well known DJs. The dance floor is a major fail. It was way too small. My sister got hurt and actually got pushed to the ground because they're were too many people trying to move around.. Yes, the bars are very nice looking, and the staff are very nice and very welcoming. Once again, I highly recommend you get a table if you want a place to sit and not get stuff on your clothes. . Plenty of security guards but they allowed too many people for such a place that holds not enough people. I LOVE deadmau5, and I'm glad I saw him (which is the reason for the 3 stars) but I do hope that he goes somewhere else in Vegas.
EEEEEEEEE....... I've heard alot of rumours and gossip about this club... . Considering that they've taken alot of XS high-profile deejays.... and we all know XS is the best club on The Strip.. . My work got invited to their preview night WITH OPEN BAR --- Best believe I was going to that! . . NEGATIVE:. 1st - MGM parking lot sucks. Period. Plainly because it's tight and just an accident waiting to happen in there. . My friend and I walked; and walked; AND WALKED for what seemed like forevers ....in heels.... til we got to Hakka. . And when we were in line, I noticed an extrance at corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Tropicana..... for all that walking we did; I swear, it would've been faster to just park at Tropicana Hotel or NYNY Hotel and cross the bridge to Hakka.. . . 2nd - The invite requested "stylish attire..". I didn't wanna waste my "clubbing" clothes to wear to preview night but, I still wore something stylish yet proFRESHional since I just left work. . Lemme tell you that I saw people with t-shirts and sweats in line...like, WTF.. . 3rd - The lines outside were madness. Hectic! Sure clubs are like that but, it's so unorganized; nobody had any clue what lines we were in. Think Pure Nightclub when it first started.. Nightclub security wasn't even guiding us on where to go. Hello, we're like cattle; tell us where to go! He even let people cut the line...right in front of his face...HELLOOO, DO YOUR JOB!. . 4th - I thought was already alot of walking from parking lot..... Get ready ladies, THERE'S ALOT OF STAIRS IN THE CLUB.... Think Tao or Marquee where you walk floor to floor.. Also, because of all the room (80,000 sq ft), it's easy to get lost. No signs whatsoever. I'm surprised I came upon their hip-hop club (Ling-Ling Club,) as I thought the lounge (Ling-Ling Lounge) next to it was the club itself.. . 5th - After coming here, I've come to the realization that I like clubs with an "outdoor" option...as it has an open floor plan... You would think with it's prime location on the corner of MGM that there would be a view of The Strip/Las Vegas Blvd/Tropicana.. This place just seems so enclosed... Think Haze Nightclub.. . . . . POSITIVE:. 1. The Ling Ling Room will be sick with it's hip hop music. Can't wait to see DJ Vice bless that space. Much larger space than Marquee and Tao's hip hop rooms.. . 2. I like how the "table service" seems to be replaced with "booth service." Yes, tables are now booths in the main room so seem kinda grand and more private. Oddly enough.. . 3. I admire how they set up the main room like "stadium seating." They definately thought about making the deejay the star and gives it a sense of being at a concert. I, especially, like the tables/booths on the top floor overlooking the main room. I'd love to have a table up there.. . 4. All the hottest deejays will be here so, that already has it going for it - Tiesto, Deadmau5, Steve Aoki. They're going hard in the paint with the music. . . 5. They have a restaurant to visit. I've seen yummy pics on Instagram as they have restaurants in SF and Miami. My roomate, who is a chef there, said Hakkasan is the highest rating one can get on the Michelin scale. That sounds legit. Can't wait to samps!. . . . . . . First impressions are "it's whatevs!" . BUT, I know I'll be back again; and again; and again....as it's the new hot spot in town.... . . Lets see how my updated review will read ;p lolol
Overhyped in my opinion. I understand this part of the strip has been pretty dead and they've been trying to bring some life back into this part of town but they could have spent a bit more time looking at other clubs and seeing how they could have one upped them. . . Went pre-opening weekend to see Hardwell and it was awesome. Lights and sound were awesome along with the endless amount of confetti. That air thingy though sucks. I mean I can barely feel it.. . Went a bit early to get in and that took forever. I mean it was SLOW and after I went in, it was still empty. Stairs weren't was bad as Marquee but dark enough for a drunk person to eat it. Dance floors are a bit bigger which is nice. Did I mention there's a large abundance of restrooms?. . I'll be back depending on DJ and because of my friends but this place lacked a lot of things such as an open area to sit down. I mean other clubs offer crappy seating but at least that's something instead of nothing. Tables aren't really going to cut it especially when you can't even sell out all the tables. Oh did I mention drinks are bit pricier here?
Lines are crazy but I'm thinking its probably because its brand new. The space is nice and the resident DJ lineup is great. They still seem to be figuring out how to manage the herds of people that they let in but it just opened so they're forgiven for now. The guest list line is awkwardly located and you need to go around the other side to find it.. . If its crowded its hard to find an area with a decent view or a decent space. All of the areas available to stand in wind up being right in the path of people walking around so your options are either stand somewhere and got knocked into or just keep walking laps around the place. . . My main issue here was the weird layout and stairs everywhere. You can take elevators from floor to floor but there's a lot of sets of 2-4 steps up or down seemingly randomly located all around the main room and it seems that some of the job's of the bouncers is just to shine flashlights on them so people see them. . . Girls, don't even wear heels its not even worth it your feet will kill you the next day from hiking all those stairs all night and it will probably be so crowded there no one will even notice you're in flats. It would have been 4 stars if not for the random stair situations.
Okay, I'm being nice because I was ABOUT to rank this 2 stars, but there are some things that this club does well....and then there are things that just don't. work. . . 1. Hey ladies, you know those stairs we all HATE at Marquee? THEY'RE BAAAAACCCKKK. Yup. A billion stairwells, leading to all kinds of rooms, making leaving the club extremely difficult.  Well, props to you Hakkasan, for making us stay inside because we can't find/don't want to climb our way out. . . 2. Lines are ridiculous. That's it. Nothing to say much more other than get here at like 9 PM to avoid any such long winding lines that make you wonder where the club is or how to get in.. . 3. Some of these promoters are downright RUDE.  Now, I'm not one to complain that much, especially because I'm sure they have rough nights ... but I was sent back and forth about 3 times before I finally found a promoter that listened, helped, and got us in.  THANK YOU, MR. NICE GUY.  You definitely made it all worth it. . . And after all that ranting, Hakkasan is about one step higher than Marquee.  It's bigger and its DJ line up is insane and the lights are pretty darn cool AND there are more bars, but like other reviewers have pointed out: this is overhyped. I totally understand that new clubs need to get into the groove of things and I have no doubt that this place will be the next NEW place to go to, but there are way too many things this club needs to work on and fix - because if it ends up being like Marquee ... you'll see all of us at XS.. . I still have high hopes that maybe this club will make me update my review and make me love it, but for now ... it was kinda a big letdown for such hype it created :/ BUT, hey. It's a change of scenery and it's got good DJs...so you'll catch me here :) . . P.S. GUYS, tickets always sell out fast ... then they re-release. So don't get discouraged if it says tickets are sold out about 2 weeks before - they've been selling out and re-releasing tickets for all the past and upcoming shows. So just be quick and don't panic :)
It's a huge nightclub with a lot of space, but of course they made the dance floor super small. The lights on the dance floor are nice. Like most have said, there are stairs everywhere. Even though there's a bouncer with a flashlight, it's still pretty brutal, especially at the end of the night. At least there's an elevator that takes you directly out to the exit. I don't see this as the best club in Vegas, as I prefer one with some outdoor air to breathe.
No in and outs, no place to sit, stairs everywhere.  At this rate, Hakkasan is gonna be a cockest.. . You really don't think girls who travel miles, out of the country even, to Las Vegas is going to like a venue with 8 flights of stairs, do you? You don't think they're going to want to wear flats instead of heels just to accommodate this club, do you?  If you're a smart girl like me, you'll bring to-go flats to switch in the night. BUT, that's unfair to the girls who can't or don't bring them.. . PROS:. - Some of the best DJ lineups. - REALLY good lighting in the main room. - Extremely good sound system, probably the best . - Good ventilation. - 2 rooms: One main edm/house room and one smaller hip hop room that played some good hip hop music . . CONS:. - No in and outs. - No place to sit, won't let girls sit on the side of the booths.  Ugh, excuse me security guard, do you want to try wearing these heels for the next 5 hours & dancing??. - Stairs everywhere = DANGEROUS for drunk people.  Only people with bottle service are allowed to use the elevators, which are a minimum of $6,000.. - No outside. . So maybe it's a good place for another EDC or rave, but for drunkies, beware.  I saw a guy miss a step and fall and spill his drink.  He was so embarrassed. But sir, you shouldn't be. If I didn't leave the club early from being over the club, I'm sure there would have been a lot more falls from Stairkkasan.
A group of us girls were invited to experience the grand opening of this club and were very happily accepted the invitation.  When we got there, we were escorted to our table.  I was very surprised because the room we were in looked small and I had heard so many amazing things about this club.  After we got settled and drinks poured, we went exploring, that's when we discovered we had been placed in the dingy hip-hop room when there was this entire huge club one or two floors up.  We never went back down to the table we were sat at.  . . Overall, the set up of the club is really cool.  We had a lot of fun, but to me, it seemed like it had been completely hyped up and there wasn't anything really "special" about it as I had expected.  Vegas is full of beautiful clubs, and this is just another one.
Global Night Life Expectations. . Cons:. 1. I did not see where 100k million went. Not one comment here states a wow factor or innovation in clubbing or experience. It's new, nice mgood sound and 80k sqft does not count. It's going to cost way to much money to maintain every month with such a high maintenance interior.. . 2. After partying in Europe,Hong Kong,Dubai, Mexico and South America my expectations were high on this place.. . a.I expected a zen/feng shui outdoor lounge to chill with a different experience on each floor or room. A floor similar to the "Box" in NYC, another floor like Thailand's BED, a main area like Privledge in Ibizia. An afterhours only like Drais. State of the art LCD interactive dancefloor, shark tanks,holograms,projections and optical illusions. Pool. More of an Asian theme.. b. State of the Art technology for bottle service and admission. We still use paper and stamps? . c. They said it was a eco friendly green LEED building with lush interior landscaping. I doubt if this is 100% eco friendly designed and operated and did not see all the secret gardens. . . 3. XS and Marquee still run this city so far.  . . Pros:. 1. Sicked DJ lineup. I'm sure is not free.. 2. There's going to be a restaurant to eat. I love food.. 3. Hakkasan is a brand known worldwide.. 4. MGM needed an upscale club and it finally woke up and did something about it.. 5. There's a hip hop room and not just electronica. There's a lounge and not just a club.. 6. There's more than one elevator. . 7. You can put your feet on the seat at table service and sit on the counter for better view of the crowd. 8.. Caesars,Wynn and Club Owners of Las Vegas design something bigger and better than this for this city if you can.
We'll see how long this place lasts.  I was impressed going into this place, but I'm a simple guy who does not have high expectations for Vegas clubs.  I'm a resident here now and only venture to party on the Strip when friends and family are in town.  Another reason for not going to these clubs, is probably my age, I'm like a Detective Murtaugh sometimes and feel that I'm "too old fo' this sheeet", haha! But hey I felt young when I saw this caucasian dude in his fifties, maybe sixties, with a nice Magnum PI style Hawaiian button up walk into the club.  The staff was giving me issues for wearing a sweater! WTH, so what if I don't have a collar! Does that make me more dangerous! lol...Well enough about that, as I got in under the radar.  . . I usually judge places like this on the quality of the "Hip Hop/RnB Room".   The vibe was pretty good in here.  DJ there was on point with the old school, I felt like I was at Booty Hop or Kaboom (in the Bay back in the day), haha!  It was not too crowded, but had a fair amount of bumpin and grindin.  It was cool to see and experience Ms. Jenny Lynn from Nebraska get hyphy when E40 was being played.  There's your shoutout Jenny!. . Most people were in the main room where they play electronic dance music, the DJ lineup is pretty dope for fans of the music - check the lineup for the summer. I could almost understand why the admission price is pretty high, it is like going to a concert if you're a fan of DJ's like Tiesto, deadmau5 or Calvin Harris.. . The negatives - drink prices and admission, but that's a given, it a club in the middle of Vegas Blvd.  The collar issue. Lots of stairs, but actually that might be a positive, I didnt have to do any cardio today.. . But hey if you want to be a tourist and pay the price, then you have to pay the price.  . . There are other places on the to party on the strip. If you need to kill your curiosity and wallet, this is the place to be!
We got our pre-sale tickets for the grand opening on April 27th of this nightclub about a month prior. Upon arrival, there were numerous security and bouncers, helping organized the many lines to get in the club. They let in the pre-sale ticket line first, right at 9:30PM when the club opened. Once we went through a few stops with checking IDs and tickets, we were sent on our way to the dance floors. The first two story is held off for the restaurant that wasn't opened yet. The third floor is the hip hop dance floor, thus reserving the fourth and fifth floors to the main stage, EDM (electric dance music). The stairs were difficult, especially for girls in heels. They reserved the elevators for people with table reservations.. . I was blown away by how absolutely stunning the main dance floor was! It had 4 LED panel walls that was the focal point of the entire space. There were a total of 4 bars and more tables than I could count. The entire staff was so friendly and helpful. Everyone greeted us with a smile and answered any question we had. We had more than one staff member offered to take our group pictures for us. Honestly, best staff of any club I've been to. It even rivals some of the hotel staff I've encountered on the strip.. . Calvin Harris was the featured DJ that night. He had Fergie opened and closed for him, and he only played for 1.5 hours from 1:30-3am. Tiesto also made a quick appearance, and did spin some songs. After paying what we did, I wished Calvin Harris played a longer set. While he was playing, he was distracted by all the commotion going on behind his DJ table. There were models, and lots of men in suits (investors I'm sure) that he had to mingle with. At one point during his set, he was making out with a model instead of spinning. It was probably the excitement of Grand Opening weekend, but it wasn't a good set by him.. . There were some high points and low points. Overall, gorgeous, top notch club with great service. However, crowd needs to be more diverse (80% Asians) and the DJ sets needs to be better. They charge $9 for a small Fiji water which I thought was ridiculous. No outside area is a huge letdown too.. . Tip: Arrive freakishly early.
I was pretty pumped up for this club...maybe it was the circumstances of it being a Thursday night prior to a huge fight...but I think this may have been the worst controlled ratio party I've ever been to. Not really poppin, and literally a sea of guys. However, I thought the setup of the club was pretty cool, it feels a lot more open and comfortable than marquee. So many stairs though...a huge pain.
If you're trying to get on guest list, you have to submit a picture of yourself.  You will be denied if you're not good looking and in shape.  Although my friends and I were approved, we didn't want to deal with not getting in, so we bought our tickets.. . As my friends and I made our way to the ticket line, we were glad we did not guest list.  But when we got to the ticket line, the line was just as long!  The staff was very disorganized.  My friends and I didn't know where to go after one of the staff members told us we can walk to the other side of the line; the line's split because of the walkway.  Then when we walk through the doors, we thought we were in.  Nope, totally was not the case.  We walk in and saw more people from the other line (guest list).  We saw people getting something at the window where more staff were at.  I asked a guy if we had to go there because we already have our ticket, he said no.  He was wrong.  We had walked passed it and later was told we had to show our ticket at that window to get a receipt for the # of people we were with.. . When my friends and I get inside, we tried to meet up our other friends who were already inside.  The first thing I noticed was the crappy hip hop music playing.  Good thing it was just one room.  The trance room was way better.  I didn't read up on the reviews with this place or expectations, so I didn't know what to expect.  There's like 5 rooms.  That means a lot of stairs and walking.  Wear comfortable shoes/heels if you have them or you won't last.  There really isn't any place to sit either.  If you try sitting somewhere, the bouncers will make you get off.  The trance room was ridiculously crowded.  It was really hard going in and out of that room.  Some people were so rude, they would take their drink and throw it at you.  I didn't experience this, but my friends did.
So Hakkasan has been the new BIG club in Las Vegas. The venue and lineups have been said to be really amazing so I decided to go with my friends.. . Because it's fairly new, obviously EVERYONE and their mother wants to go. And because of this, it's pretty ridiculous just to get in.. . I went during the night when Calvin Harris was playing. My guy friends had to by tickets which were $75. That's pretty insane already. We showed up much later than we anticipated, around 10:30 or 11. The nice thing about our guy friends having tickets is that they got in within 20 minutes of waiting in line. But good luck finding the correct line. They'll have you going from one place to another. . . Now for the ladies. We talked to a promoter and they told us about the ladies line. We were trying to get there around 10ish to beat the crowd but we were driving to Vegas that same day and hit tons of traffic. Going any time after 11ish is a nightmare. NEVER in my life have I every waiting almost 2 hours in line. I'm happy that it was free, but their lines are not well organized. There were too many lines for too many different lists. And the lines basically became a cluster, people weren't sure which line they were in.. . So by the time I did get in, it was waaaaaaaay too crowded. It was impossible to navigate! At this point, I just wanted to have fun. I didn't explore, but my friends went to the hip hop floor. Apparently there was a giant panda dancing with people. But they said the venue is really nice as a whole.. . Now I would have given Hakkasan a 2 had it not been for Calvin Harris. It was my first time seeing him but he is AMAZING! PLUS, Hakkasan's sound system and light show were top noch. They had dancers with weird Lady Gaga like outfits. Very cool. When I got into the music, it definitely helped me forget about the nightmare in line. . . I'm hoping that the lines and the craziness will go away when the hype begins to lesson but unless you're dying to see a specific performer, I would be sure to go fairly early or just go somewhere else.
BETWEEN HAKKASAN & THE LIGHT, GO TO THE LIGHT INSTEAD.. . If you read through all the Yelp reviews, they all do a good job of summing up the whole experience. I had NO expectations after reading all the reviews. . . Here's a quick recap (pretty much what everyone else said). CONS: . -Disorganized lines with tons of ppl cutting. Thanks to the reviews saying that security would lead you to the wrong line, I asked and yep, I got led to the general admission line when I was really looking for the pre-sale ticket line. . -Shitload of stairs --although they do let you wait for the elevator now even if you don't have a table. But still, line was so long that I just went up the endless amounts of stairs. -The layout is like a main hub with a random side hub that looks more like the restaurant. The main hub area looks like the inside of a spider's nest haha.. -Dance floor is total shit. No regulation whatsoever on people accessing it (at least Marquee restricts you from going to the dance floor when it gets too packed). It was so hot and packed that I literally almost passed out. . -Nowhere to sit and they keep making you move. . -$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$. Geez, even XS doesn't charge this much and they're the best clubs in Vegas hands down. . . PROS (if you call it that): . -The random side area looks more like the restaurant area and the ventilation was FANTASTIC. I will say that much. The wall with the waterfall had some really good ventilation. I'm being totally serious. It was like a mini AC area. I hung out here a lot. . -Good DJ line-up. This is basically their only saving grace. . -The staff was actually very courteous and friendly. Despite all the other missteps of this place, the staff was surprisingly one of the nicest staff I've met. Everyone was polite and not the usual scream-at-your-face type of security. So, big kudos on that one. Yes, I know the guy checking IDs is super hardcore and anal but man, if it keeps out the little kiddies, then I'm all for them being uptight about your IDs. Even if they didn't believe that I was me. . . . The most telling sign this place was a letdown? There were TONS of people leaving at only 2AM (us included). On the way down in the elevator, the security guy asked "Did everyone have a good time?" All 15 people in the elevator said "NO!" at the same time. So sad.
Thurs night of Memorial Day. Laidback Luke.  Girls got in free. Guys pre-paid $30. We waited less than 10 minutes in line when we got there before 10:30pm. . The dance floor of the main room is small. It got crowded really fast. Our group happen to be along the edge of the dance floor, next to the roped off area for the tables. Everybody and their mother used that portion of the dance floor as a walk way. The dance floor got so crowded there was no place to move, so you just stand there.. . Like everybody says, there are random ramps and stairs everywhere, so ladies, be careful! Just go to Hakkasan once to check it off the list, then go back to XS or Tryst.
I went for deadmau5 on the preview/opening night and I can't really say I was impressed. The club itself is nice and everything, but it's Vegas, it's supposed to be over the top nice, so that alone doesn't win me over. I'll be there for Hardwell during EDC week, so maybe I'll update my review afterwords. . . First thing that is horrible is the dance floor is TINY. It's literally about the size of an average non Vegas club, but they're packing in Vegas numbers. Prices were expensive as well, most I've paid in any bar outside of LIV in Miami, including all of the other big Vegas clubs. The overall design of the place just seems like a massive failure IMO. . . I didn't wait at all in line to get in with my presale, and all of the staff was super helpful, so that's great change from the douche vibe you get from the staff at Marquee. . . Truth be told, without their summer residencies, this place would fail. If they can keep signing big talent, then it will continue to pull people in. Light has them beat in everything else though, and I expect big things there if they can reach out and grab a bit more talent.
I really wanted to like this place since it's new and I was looking for a new fun hotspot.  I went the Sunday of Memorial weekend (Steve Aoki and Deadmau5 night) and the headliners came on super late. The lighting and sound system at the dance floor area was nice. I thought it was a bit small/cramped and lacked an outdoor area. It reminded me of a small Tao in terms of how dark it is, having little side rooms/areas, and lacked an outdoor area. A few people complained about the stairs but I didn't think it was that bad. They weren't narrow or anything at least. I go to Las Vegas yearly and have checked out most of the big clubs and I definitely prefer XS and Marquee over Hakkasan. I was underwhelmed.
I guess this place deserves another review/chance since it does say I have two check ins here after I said that my return factor was only 50%. The only purpose for my second visit was for a friends 21st birthday party after a guy working there (who will rename unnamed) said that we could get a table with 8 girls on a Sunday night. Keep in mind: we are all locals and Sunday IS industry night. . . So, he SAID we could get a comped table, the day of said no problem (at 5pm) and at 8pm decided to bail out. No apology and no reason. . . We decided to go in anyways cause by that time it was too late to get on a guest list anywhere else. And man, the line was much longer than it was opening day. After waiting what seemed like an eternity I'm glad the staff or management had a change of heart cause I didn't have to pretend I was in work-out clothes hiking up four flights of stairs, they let us take the elevator!! (yay). . My experience here the second time was a LOT more fun. Probably because I came with a big group of pretty gal's and we were able to swoop in on some tables. Jk, but seriously. I think they were also able to work out some of the kinks and everything just seemed to go a lot smoother. Hosts were "recruiting" girls into more exclusive areas which made the experience a lot more memorable.. . One thing that really confuses me is all of the other nice nightclubs in Vegas have toiletries for girls - perfume, tissues, deodorant if necessary. Hakkasan had none of these..and for a nightclub that is trying to run XS out of business, you are not doing a very good job. (Just saying). . Hakkasan Las Vegas is doing a lot better now than they were doing in April but can still use some improvement. I have another friend who is visiting in July and is DYING to see Calvin Harris so stay tuned for another review..hopefully it will be four stars the next time around.
This place is not bad mainly because I came with a big group and we had a comped table on the hip hop floor. The decor is great and the staff was pretty friendly. I came up to one of the security guards and he greeted me right away with a "how can I help you sir." The only problem I had with Hakkasan was that the main stage becomes packed like sardines when Calvin Harris came on. Once that happened, you could hardly even dance without people constantly bumping into you. I tried to make the most of it when Calvin Harris was on deck, but it just became unbearable. Also, the stairs were decently lit so I don't know what most yelpers were complaining about.. Overall, I still prefer XS over Hakkasan.
Went here on a Thursday - definitely the latest mega club in Vegas!. . Find me in the  Hip Hop/Top 40 room -  Very rare to find this music in Vegas as many clubs are EDM which I hate (no offense). . This place has potential - next time gotta check it out on a weekend (Fri or Sat). . Cost us $30/guy on Thurs but I heard it's over $100 on the weekend!!  . . I would come back here!
Review only for the night club.. . Tips:. . $15 for an AMF.. $14 for a rum and coke.. $9 for tiny bottled water, they do not offer free water from sink tap.. . ------------------------------------------------------------------. . There is one large dance-floor for everyone to stand to see the DJ. There is a large upstairs, but it is not possible to see the DJ upstairs unless you have bottle service at one of the tables so I don't recommend heading upstairs for a good view.. . I found it incredibly mean to charge $9 for a bottle of water and not giving the option of just water from tap. As the night gets later it's impossible to from upstairs to downstairs into the large dance floor.
I got there at 9:50 and was in a small line bc i heard it would be packed after 11, and it didn't take long to get in. DO NOT TAKE THE STAIRS. i can't remember how many levels, but it must of been 4 or more so girls if you are wearing heels or are drunk this might be difficult... The layout is fine i was out on the dance floor. drinks are pricey but which club isnt? so you obv have to pregame, but hey if you got the money & don't care spending? go right ahead.. . The opening dj was terrible, and i left because there was a lot of ppl smoking and i couldn't stand the smoke. i was also kind of tired from the previous nights. so i left before calvin harris could come dj. I must of stayed at least for an hour, and when i left... the line was so long... like pass the store. i would NEVER EVER wait that long in a line for a club. . . and i read some reviews about how ppl paid to get into clubs. i never pay.. lol why spend money when you don't need to? the only downside of getting free admission is that you have to get there early basically when the clubs opens like 10pm. Usually the 1st hr is usually the most boring part, but hey if i can save 20-40$ i'm doing it!
Went here on Memorial Day weekend.... It was CROWDED. That was to be expected though, we were on the guest list and we waited in line for over an hour. It was around 11pm so maybe the line thinned out later in the night. I was super excited to go here because it was so anticipated by everyone in Vegas. I feel like I would have had a lot more fun if there wasn't a million people there... The dance floor was smaller than I imagined it to be, being the largest club in Vegas but I only was in the room Tiesto was dj-ing in. The other rooms might be bigger/less crowded. So I would say that my first impression is that it was okay, but ill probably wait a while to again so it's less crowded and I can actually get to the dance floor and actually make it to the bar without getting trampled. I also do want to come back to see Calvin Harris. The club is also a really far walk from the parking structure so be prepared to walk.
Why I was impressed and why I won't go back.. . I am impressed by the magnitude, scale and spectacle of this place.  It's truly spectacular and worth a visit, just to see.  At times I felt like I was watching a live concert for a big name DJ, at times I felt like I was watching a lot of people popping Mollies while watching a live concert of a big name DJ, and at times I just caught myself looking around at the sea of people on the 4th and 5th floors.  Seriously, how many people does this place hold?  5,000? 10,000??  I couldn't really tell.. . So why won't I come back?  Simply put, I just don't feel safe in this place.  Here's the deal:  I am sure Las Vegas nightclubs have codes and regulations up the wazzoo and the Hakkasan folks followed them to a T.  That being said, this is a scale and magnitude never seen before.  I think my own common sense observation of the main floor was that if something went wrong we would be in a lot of trouble trying to make our way to an exit along with the deluge of humanity enclosed in the space.  The light show made me wonder what the risk of a fire was, the amount of people in the space made me realize we weren't searched by security when we came in and we were one idiot with a gun away from chaos.  Maybe I am completely paranoid, but I really thought just based on common sense that you could easily end up in a dangerous situation at this place.. . So all in all I was glad to have been once and seen how Vegas can one-up itself once again, but I think I'd be very apprehensive to risk going back.
The more I go to clubs, especially in Vegas, the more I realize that I'm probably more of lounge guy as opposed to a club guy.  I like the show, I like the lights, I like the music and I like the women. I don't like the insane crowds, being packed like sardines, getting drinks spilled on me, the ridiculous cover fees, insane prices of alcohol and the kids trying to be a Bruno Mars look-a-like dancing like they are having an emotional breakdown on the dance floor. Maybe I'm just getting old but it just doesn't seem to do it for me anymore.. . When I passed through the MGM I thought that Hakkasan looked to be pretty cool, not to mention it was only a few steps away so I didn't have to go walking/commuting down the strip to get there.  The plan was to check it out once night rolled around.. . I got to line kind of late (10:45) because I figured maybe I'd go to XS instead since I had never been there either but changed my mind and headed back to Hakkasan.  Needless to say, I had to wait in the general admission line for a good 45+ minutes before getting in.. . Since this was a somewhat spur of the moment thing, I hadn't checked what the cover fee was so halfway through line I asked and it was $50.  Not really what I wanted to pay just to get inside but since I had been there for awhile already I said screw it and did it anyway. Not my proudest moment but I figured I just wouldn't drink anything. I hear the drinks go for close to $15 each anyway and anything over $9 or $10 to me is pretty much a rip-off, even for Vegas standards.. . The decor inside was pretty cool. Simplebut nice.  I didn't find it as cool as the interior of Tao or as cool as the pictures I have seen from XS but overall it wasn't bad.  Multiple levels, several views of the main DJ/performance stage, large dance floor, several restrooms and tons of booths for bottle service.. . As big as the venue appears to be, it got packed really quickly.  The dance floor was insanely crowded so much so that navigation was nearly impossible. . Tons of people were getting drinks spilled on them, I was getting bumped into ever nanosecond and worst of all, it was friggin' hot.  Tons of people dancing around drenched in sweat , bumping into you throwing elbows etc. while dehydrating took it's toll after about 30-45 minutes before I decided I have had enough and got off the floor.   There was occasionally confetti being dumped from above, fog/mist being blasted on the floor, which should have happened with more frequency due to the temperature on the floor.  There were tons of kids on the floor some of whom didn't even look near 21 but then again, that's not really my concern anyway. It's Vegas. . . I ended up finding a place to stand behind one of the bottle service tables and watched the main show from there. The main show was a DJ duo called "Dada Life" who's name rang a bell but aside from that didn't really strike a chord with me.  I was actually hoping more to see Tiesto who performs there regularly but alas, it wasn't one of his nights.  The music was so-so but the show was pretty impressive, lots of lights and lasers, choreographed dancers, huge banana shaped inflatables (beach ball style) and even pillows being thrown from the roof into the crowd to add to the carnage.  It was a cool scene, just not sure it is mine.. . This club is just okay.  Cover fees are too steep especially considering the fact the the prices for drinks are too steep.  Bad combo.  Clubs get crowded in Vegas but I guess I'm getting a little less tolerant of insane crowds, not to mention not having anywhere to sit down just becomes exhausting.  I don't regret coming here but at the same time I kind of wish I would have went with my original feeling and gone to XS instead.. . Basically each time I go to a club in Vegas and fight the crowds I find that I'm probably going to be more of a lounge guy from now on. If I'm going to drop a lot of cash on drinks etc. I might as well do it in style and comfort and Hakkasan pretty much solidified that notion. If I end up going to another club in Vegas, I'll probably end up going to XS or somewhere where I feel that there is a little more value in the entertainment I'm getting.  It just wasn't there for Hakkasan.  I mean, it was real, it was fun. It just wasn't real fun.
The club does get incredibly crowded, and it is expensive as all hell, nut I had a great time. I saw R3hab, and the show was amazing. With that said, given the cost, I will probably only return if a huge name DJ is playing.
It's no XS, that's for sure.. . Went here last Saturday with three girlfriends, got walked in so line was no problem. It wasn't a big talent night, so I might have had a better time if Calvin Harris or Tiesto was playing. I didn't love the crowd - a little young in my opinion. . . The layout reminded me of a warehouse rave circa 1997, including an awkward transition area where you could obnoxiously hear two DJs at once. I was shocked to see they actually had bottle service set up in this god-awful spot. Sucks to be those suckers. . . Hip hop room downstairs was the highlight, even though  I am usually such a gigantic EDM fan. Some 21 year old booty dancers taught me how to "twerk" (google that and you'll be impressed that my little white-girl booty could even make a pathetic attempt at this dance move), which was pretty hilarious. Although not any reflection on the actual club. . . No outside area, which makes it feel just like any other club you've ever been to in your life. I guess okay for a change if you're looking for something different than XS and Tryst (where I always end up going), but not anything special beyond that.
I've been looking forward to checking out MGM's newest club since I heard about it's opening a few months ago. Hakkasan is the home to a a large mix of  A list of resident DJ's like Calvin Harris, Steve Aoki, Bob Sinclair, R3hab, Hardwell, Tommy Trash, and Tiesto just to name a few. You can see all your favorites spin at the same club! Awesome! Even more of a plus if you're staying at MGM! Since I always have the same few stops whenever I hit up Vegas, I was excited that this could be in my mix of clubs to hit up whenever I'm in town. . . Hakkasan is without a doubt a beautiful night club. They have amazing light displays and the sound system is really awesome. There are two levels to Hakkasan however, it was really crowded when I came for Hardwell the Thursday before EDC weekend. The lines were ridiculous to getin, so thankfully my friend and I had tickets pre-bought online. Our line was short and sweet- we got in in record time. The prices went up that night for sure and guys always pay more than girls if you get at the door. If you already know you want to come and it's a big night, always try to pre-buy online.. . Once inside, you'll notice there are a lot of stairs. There also isn't a lot of space for the dance floor but there is ample seating if you get bottle/ table service. They are a few bars located around the club so you can get drinks from various points in the club. Overall the experience was only okay. I wanted to like Hakkasan more than I did. It is a really nice, new club but it was just so crowded with people and stairs that we didn't get to watch the rest of Nervo's set. . Maybe next time I'll come on a less EDM crazed weekend and hopefully it'll be a much better experience! It is totally worth it to check it out though!
Checked out Dada Life at Hakkasan last week.  I was blown away by the DJ but not by the club.  It reminded me of the layout of LAX, and just didn't do anything for me.  It's just a club.  It's a decent club for sure, but it's no Surrender!
I've never been to a vegas club before, but I have to say that this was a pleasant experience. Hakkasan has some pretty prominent DJs spinning inside the club the only bad thing is it's kind of big and I got lost (ooh and $9 for little bottles of Fiji water).  . . Other than that it's a very comely club to have dance with. what I like is that they have separate lines for presales. There's been times where I had to wait in line for presales.
We got presale tickets so the line was moving along well but god damn be prepared to be ID-ed at least about 2-3 times! The venue and interior was designed amazingly!!! Everything looked so different compared to the pictures i took of this place! There are various floors you can attend but the main floor is small and crowded maybe cause of all the tables surrounded by it! . I give this place 3 stars because the DJ that night basically played the same beatover and over! Everyone was there waiting for Dada Life but he didnt come on until almost 2am when he was suppose to go on at midnight = everyone exhausted by then.. . Girls watch out for your purses. Two friends got their phones stolen and one friend almost did!
Do yourself a favor, and pay the $30 online presale tickets to avoid the massive wait in line. A couple of my friends decided to not pay the presale ticket price and ended up wasting 3 hours in line, just to be denied at the front of the line due to reaching over capacity limits.. . Other than that, its your typical Vegas night club. Beautiful surroundings, beautiful people and high priced drinks, nice beats and good DJs. Calvin Harris was on the night I went. Over all, a good time.
Saturday, Calvin Harris spinning.. . My friend and I (in unison): Hey, let's go to Hakkasan!. Me (Suddenly worried): But what about the bad reviews?. Friend: Nah, they are all related to people having trouble getting in.. Me: Yeah, we won't have those issues! We know a host! . . The host surprisingly tells us to get there late, so we follow his advice and get there way past 12. There is a ticket admission line on one side, and guest list and ladies lines on the other. So first, we are in the guest list area- not line, because at that point, rules don't apply and it's everyone for themselves, pushing up front , trying to unsuccessfully catch someone's attention. When that doesn't go anywhere, we move to the ladies' "line"- but it makes no difference. Everyone is on the guest list, and almost everyone  is a lady, because in my 1.5 hours of waiting, I saw 1.5 guys, on average, get in. But more on that later.... . We see the host that we know, who tells us that he will get us in in a minute, but right now no one is getting in , they are over capacity, etc. etc.. I hear other hosts tell other girls the same thing, and that it could be anywhere from 15-50 minutes to get in. But once in a while, I see only certain hosts get people in. It is too late in the night to form conspiracy theories and analyze this hierarchy, so we just keep waiting. A long while passes when some hosts start changing their stories and telling people that they might as well leave because they are not getting in. Our host comes out of hiding and we just ask him to honestly tell us if we are getting in and he assures us that we are, it will just be a few more minutes. . . Meanwhile, we decide to go into a bar adjacent to Hakkasan. When you come out of the bar, it just so happens that you are in an area where all the hosts hang out, getting closer access. At that point, the story still stays the same- to get in is anywhere 15-50 minutes. Who gets in, we ask? People who are meeting people with tables, seems to be a general response. Mysteriously, those people are mostly girls, with a few guys sprinkled in between.  A group of girls who was waiting for a long time goes in with a host whom I've seen getting others in. So we talk to him. Same story, 15-50 minutes. What about those girls who just got in, we ask? They are friends of Calvin Harris, the host says. I doubt any real friends of Calvin Harris will be waiting in line for an hour, but OK, whatever.  We finally got in after talking to yet another host, not the one we knew, who at that point had disappeared. BUT what really made this whole experience unpleasant was the constant lack of clear answers.  If we're not getting in, just TELL US!!  We appreciate honestly so we can go on with our night. Yes, your strategy is to keep people outside to make your club seem like it's the hottest place on earth, but I don't want to be the puppet outside making the club look good while wasting my precious time not knowing what's going to happen. This lack of disrespect and disregard really threw me off. . . However, once Inside, the energy was amazing, The sound quality, the lights, the visuals were all great. No line at the bar, very nice bartenders making very nice, strong drinks. The stairs are not too bad, but maybe it's because I was semi-sober. Maybe the drinks weren't that strong after all. Anyway, It was all almost worth the waiting, Almost. . . Next time, if I want to see a DJ, I will just buy the online tickets. Seems like that is the way to get in without a hassle.
The Peeps that run this club must have read all the previous complaints about their staff because when I went there this past weekend, they were all very friendly..  . I enjoyed the club, I thought it was very nice, especially the lighting, but my only problem was the space. This club could be big if it wasn't for all the tables they have for table service. It's three floors, first floor hip-hop room  and a side lounge area (top 40's), second floor (main floor), third floor was pretty much all tables lol. . If they only designated the third level for table service and kept floors 1-2 for the dance floor, this place wouldn't be as crowded/cramped. Otherwise, they were really smart getting the best DJs spinning.. . Oh and beware of the stairs, we had some girls that joined us, and they weren't digging the stairs with their high heels lol! So if you go, make sure you wear some comfortable/walkable shoes or whatever
Decent venue. Came here to see deadmau5 during EDC weekend. The layout of the venue is extremely confusing with narrow walkways and crowded corridors. Open up the place a bit!
I received this message from management. I really appreciate the fact that they listen to what we have to say! Hopefully the next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be able to visit again and hopefully my experience will be better!. . "We would like to first of all thank you for coming to experience Hakkasan and also thank you for taking the time to write a review.  I do greatly apologize that you did not enjoy your experience entering the venue.  We do hope you will give us the opportunity to have you back in order to re-showcase it to you and truly show you what Hakkasan is all about.  We have taken note of your comments and passed them along to management. "
Even though I heard mixed reviews from different people, I was extremely hyped to go to Hakkasan because of their consistent DJ lineups and vast amount of advertising.  We ended up booking a room at MGM on Thursday, July 11 to go to Tommy Trash at Hakkasan.  Here are my pros and cons about the club:. . Pros:. + Free admission when we showed up at 1:45 (yay for being girls!). + Spacious and lots of room to move. + Decent sound system. + Quick, efficient bartenders and cocktail servers. + Our table was in the middle of the dancefloor so we were able to see everything!. + Clean bathrooms. . Cons:. - Awkward stage setup -- depending on where you were, you weren't really able to see Tommy Trash. - Cheap looking decor. - No special effects, frills, or amazing lighting. - Dress code wasn't enforced -- if I knew there would be girls in maxi dresses and flip flops, I would have probably dressed more down. - Strict ID checks (Mine was looked at up and down for a good minute). - Long line for elevators. . I would probably go back to Hakkasan if a DJ I liked was spinning, but I was definitely underwhelmed with my experience compared to other Vegas nightclubs.  For a place that's hemorrhaging money to bring in the biggest DJs, they could definitely do a lot more to their setup and decor.
I went to Hakkasan twice last weekend, so my rating is an average of both experiences.. . 1 - Thursday night.  1 star. . My group of 5 girls were celebrating my birthday.  We started out at Marquee, then went to Hakkasan to check out the "hottest new club."  We get to Hakkasan around 2 am (with no one in line).  When we get to the booth, the cashier asks for $20 from each girl for cover.  We told her the promoter we met today said it was free cover for girls and they said that was before 1 am.  (We stepped to the side (no one was in line and we were not in anyone's way), so one of my friends could call my sister and see if she still wanted to meet us inside.  The bouncer told us to get out of line and that we had to go back in line to come in again.  There was NO ONE in line.  Stupid bouncer.  We were ready to get back in line, when another bouncer let us back in.  He was the only nice one.  Somehow we ended up going for free.  Yay!  I had high expectations, so the club was just ok.  It was pretty crowded for a Thursday night.  Expensive drinks.  While we were in the club, my sister got in line, the bouncer splashed some liquid on her and did not apologize.  SO RUDE!  They asked for her ID and told her she was blacklisted.  WTH?  She couldn't finish celebrating my birthday with me.  . . 2:  Saturday night.  4 stars. . We knew Tiesto was playing, so the boys got pre-sale tickets for $75 and the girls were on a guestlist.  Boys got in within 10 minutes (we got there at 10 pm).  Girls had to wait awhile.  The lines are quite confusing.  During ID check, my friend's ID was looked at for quite awhile and my sister was asked a bunch of questions for hers.  We got in 20-30 minutes later with free cover.  Hip hop room (downstairs) was nice, but the dance floor was too small.  The Pavillion was way too crowded, but that's what you expect at a club with Tiesto playing.  Somehow we made our way up to the DJ booth.  We are even pictured in Hakkasan's photos from that night.  The waterfall area is nice to chill by.  We all had a good time.  I still think it's ridiculous to sell a teeny tiny bottle of Fiji water for $8 though.
Nightclub was nice but charging me 9$$$ for a specially made extra small figi bottle of water is ridiculous. Way to go people just have your customers throw up everywhere instead of handing em cups of water...total turnoff
Was here 4th of July weekend and bought pre-sale tickets for Tiesto. $75 for guys and $30 for girls. There was no line with pre-sale tickets, we strolled right in. Place is packed, we were lucky we got a spot near the stage. DJ Fergie was opening up for Tiesto, music was great, lots of dancing, but oh so crowded. Need to go to the restroom? Good luck. It's so hard to get around especially with all the stairs. Women wearing heels, there is no where to sit unless you get a table which not all of them were full. I got yelled at for taking video, but wait, everyone had their phone on taking video. Lights were amazing, I will give them that. It gets crowded and stuffy. We stayed for about 6 hours, Tiesto was worth it. He was into his set and was getting crowd pumped. Was a lot of fun despite the crowds. Oh drinks are really expensive, ouch!
If you want to bypass the hectic line to get in get your ticket online. For all the hype that was talked about this place i expected a different experience. . . Don't get me wrong I had fun and it was a nice club with couple floors providing different types of music and multiple dance floors but I just didn't really like it. . . It was so packed and it was hard to get around. I felt like I was in a maze and there was millions of stairs.
3.5 STARS. . We came to Vegas with absolutely no plan on which clubs we would go to. Our new British friends mentioned that they were heading to Hakkasan to see Tiesto so we decided to go. Even our taxi driver earlier in the day suggested we go there since it's the "top club in Vegas right now", so we knew we had to see what all the hype was about.. . My cousin and I got on the guestlist (thank you Dustyn!) so getting into the club was easy and the lines weren't too bad. I would get here early and highly suggest getting on a guestlist! The club was so packed around 11:30.. . Much like TAO, the decor of Hakkasan left me wanting more. It's definitely spacious but there was no "wow" factor, at least for me. I did love all the lights and confetti, though! There are 5 different floors but we stayed on the main floor for Tiesto. Ladies, wear wedges or bring flats because there is absolutely no place to sit! I hate wearing flats with dresses but for the sake of my already sore and swollen toes, I had to bust out the TOMS, haha. . . Drinks were so expensive! Two drinks ran us about $45; since it's Vegas' newest club, pricey drinks are to be expected but that's just ridiculous for vodka and redbull. They have tons of VIP tables that surround the main floor and also on the other top floors.. . Though we had a great time at Hakkasan and Tiesto was amazing, I'm not sure I'd be back unless there was another DJ I wanted to see or I had table service. However, definitely worth a shot if you want to try something new!
My girlfriends and I wanted to come here to see what the hype was all about since this place was the new "It" club. Formerly known as Studio 54,they hardly changed the layout of the interior so I felt like I was still at studio 54. . . However on a positive note, my friend had some connections and we got in for free and didnt have to wait in the dreaded "general admission" line.. . Admission into the club seemed efficient and organized, it felt as if we were waiting in line at a theme park though. . . There are two levels and no lines for he bathrooms and hardly a line for the bar. . . The crowd that night seemed to be predominantly Asian, as my girlfriends and I appreciate a bit more diversity. . . All in all, not a horrible experience, but would probably venture out to other clubs before coming back here.
Club is worth going to just be sure to get on the guest list so you don't have to pay to get in or wait in line. You'll run into the promoters around the MGM, they'll usually approach you and talk you into going to their club instead. Just get on the list for all of them and you'll have your pick! It's very crowded in this place, so if you like that, then you'll love this place. There was hardly any room to dance on the main floor other than to bop my head and move my shoulders. There is no way you'll find a place to sit unless you have a table. Music was good and the staff were polite. They'd shine a light for you where there was a step so you wouldn't trip. They also made sure people walked around the vomit that was on the floor. The bathrooms were clean too.
Went to Hardwell 8/16. Buying tickets in advance is a must! My crew went about 11:45 and only waited 10-15 minutes instead of the insanely long regular line. There are 4 levels to this club, so be prepared for a workout. The club is really nice itself, however, with expensive drinks and such a huge crowd inside since this is one of the newest clubs around. Its hard to have a good time unless you stay away from the dance floor. There regular lineup includes big name DJs such as Tiesto, Calvin Harris, etc. Warning for people looking to go inside the dance floor or even to the front stage. People were rude with slightly shoving and elbowing to get through the crowding. Unfortunately,  they put the EDM stage all the way on floor 4. Be prepared for walking and huge crowds!
Word of advise, buy you tickets in advance. This Night Club is pretty normal. I've seen better in NYC, Miami. I wish they have more performers. Maybe it was because the DJ was not too famous? Drinks were ridiculous. Prices were pretty high but I guess that's because It's Vegas. They only had one other room when were were there. The "Hip Hop room" is about the size of a class room. Very small. Song selections were pretty good though. . . Be sure to dress to empress. Don't be rolling up here with your jeans and Converse. They will just kick you out.
Tiesto?  Friday night on July 4 weekend?  . . Our friend said, "I got us on the guest list."  . . I said, "Did you tell them there's one guy?  And I'm not going to have to wait in the main line am I?". . Our friend messages the promoter again and he says, "Sure, not a problem but for guys it is the standard $100 cover to get in.". . The girls were shocked.  $100? Really?  I had to tell them, yeah, it sucks to be a guy, but that's a typical rate for a guy trying to get into a club on a weekend that has a big name DJ.  I don't mind (I'm not one that complains about things when the going rate is the going rate).  Pre-sale tickets for guys are always $60-$100 vs. being only $30-$50 for girls for all of these clubs with EDM DJs.. . So lucky me, getting to be the hot dog between three female buns.   We arrived in the guest list line at 10:30 and it took us just 40 minutes to get to the front of that (it's Friday, it's packed).  Mainly parties of girls in the guest line with a couple of guys here and there.   . . We get to the iPad check-in girls and they find our name.  3 girls, 1 guy.  Then the girl looks confused and goes to ask the other check-in girl something.  Then she comes back to us with a ticket marked... 3 girls check in the "C" box.  1 guy check in the "C" box.  We get to the cashier.  She takes our ticket.  The bouncer near the cashier is really chill, we are just talking and joking with him while waiting to go through the last ropes.  ALL OF US ARE IN FOR FREE!  . . You go upstairs.  Ladies with heels, there are a lot of them!  Level 3 is hip hop.  It's a rectangular floor with bars at each end.  Service was fast at both sides.  Drinks are about $15-$18 each.  Playing old school and newer hip-hop, I liked this room the best for dancing.  The dance floor was packed, but there was still room to dance.  . . Level 4 is where the EDM DJ of the night holds court.  It's huge.  There are go go girls walking, posing, dancing on elevated areas on the edges.  They are costumed and look like a cross between a Paris fashion show/ Cirque Du Soleil/Gothy Jean Paul Gaultier.  . . To get to the main dance floor you have to walk down.  There are tables/booths set up in arena seating style and then a sunken pit/dance floor.  It's live down there but not that fun because you're mashed chest to chest/butt to butt with whoever's next to you.  You're wondering how you can dance in no space and then 40 seconds later somebody walks by and wants to pass through.  . . It's huge, there are lots of booths, the dance floor is big, but the configuration isn't optimal.  If you buy a table facing the dance floor, you get a table with a view, but it's so detached and elevated that you don't really feel like you are in the middle of the action. It's like sitting in a suite at basketball or hockey game.  You're at the game, but you're not really with the crowd.  If I pay for a table, I want some exclusivity, but I also want people to pass by and have the feeling that I can leave my table, take two steps, and be dancing, whether in an aisle or on the main floor.  I didn't get that feeling here.  . . There are even more tables farther back away from the main arena area (the Pavilion).  These tables are hurtin'.  You can't even see the dance floor from most of those table.  If I sprung $1000-$1500 for one of these lesser tables,  I would feel really cheated.  There's no bar by them, people can't really dance in the aisles.  You have limited or no view of the DJ.  Chicks are not going to want to come up to a table that far away.  . . I kept on reading about this impressive waterfall in all the publication reviews.  I had to see it, because it sounded like water was flowing from massive rocks down and through.  It took me forever to find it because it was in the corner and... it's lame.  It's a tall dark stone slab that has water coming straight down.  Ever walked into a friends' house foyer and see a slim seven foot high flat stone water structure that you can buy and plug in?  It's like that, just way larger.  So overrated.. . The best "hidden" spot to get a drink, sit and relax without having to get a VIP table is the Ling Ling Lounge, which is off to the side but on the same floor as the Ling Ling (Hip-Hop) Club.  The Ling Ling Lounge is surprisingly empty, but you can sit in chairs or lounge pieces and chill out.  It has a brown/red tint to the room, so if you see that you know you're in the right place.  . . ***Quick & Dirty Summary***. . Top rate DJ lineup... Calvin Harris, Tiesto, Steve Aoki, Deadmau5, etc.  Massive, impressive club that should be checked out for it's sheer grandiose and design.  The bartenders and staff were all nice and efficient.  Drinks are normal Vegas club pricey. The regular line to get in is super long.  If you are guest listed, get in line by 10:45, as they might stop letting people in at 11:15-11:30.   I really don't like how the EDM floor is set up.  I just wish there was room to dance here.
I'd give Hak 2.5 stars. . . Heard so much hype about Hakkasan so HAD to check it out over the wknd with my friends. Us girls got in super quick through a promoter, mind you we had to get there between 9:30-10 (but hey that's how it always goes). The layout is okay, pretty much looks like a 2-level club from the main dance floor, but there's separated rooms that make it the "5-levels" they advertise? Lights and ambience is pretty cool but just really overhyped for the most part. . . Oh. & unless you have a table, you literally cannot sit anywhere inside. aaaaand... 5ish standing hours for a girl in heels? The only place you can sit is on a toilet seat? Mmmmmmmmm get me in sandals and stick a Fat Tuesday in my hand and i'll be about 10x happier. . . Tiesto played the night we were there which was cool. But by the end of the night though the club was literally SO packed that you could. not. move. I'm pretty dramatic but I'm not even over-exaggerating. Dancing? Out of the question. Being pushed around and unwillingly touched by all the other semi-miserable people stuffed alongside there with you.... HMMMMMMM. HAK GETS AN A+ RATING FOR THAT. . . Get me to XS PRONTO POR FAVOR.
All Hype!. . It's really not that big of a club. In doors only. So us NON-SMOKERS will have to inhale the secondhand . DEATH TRIP! . . They pack the place up so much that when the resident DJ's spin, you can't move. Now, if you have a table then it's a different experience. A designated location for you and your gals to dance at. Designed like the Marquee...I'm sure it's the same owners of that club too. 3 floors, Hip hop room, main floor: EDM, and the balcony level to people watch because you sure as heck can't do much up there went the party's downstairs.. . Got to try it once, for me twice is enough.
Great nightclub. Was escorted directly in by a promoter friend of a friend so not commenting on entry.. . Dress code is standard club--look cute! #DUH. . Hiphop room downstairs is WAY too small. WTF! lol. . The only thing that I don't like is that if you don't have a table, there is no where to sit or "take a break" from dancing. Also the upstairs portion you can't even really look below to the main dance floor because the design has booths ALL the way around it. The stairs really throw me off too...I can see this as being disastrous for people who can't hang with partying. I was offered a table for $1K incl 2 bottles but passed because I really just wanted to check it out and hang for a bit before venturing to another spot.. . Other than that, typical/standard new club with a great sound system, lighting, and lots of people.
When you enter this grandiose space full of granite and wood there is the stage and dance floor one level below you.  The music is pumping, bodies gyrating ang lights a flashing.  If your late, good luck getting to the dance floor. You will spend most of your time walking around the aisles trying to get a peek at the DJ from the bar areas on the left or the right.. . There's a bit more space to the right where there's more standing areas that are slightly elevated.  Drinks are standard $15 and tiny Fiji water for $9. You can't get a tap water here so don't bother asking.  The club is 70% table service with the expensive ones closer to the floor.  If you got a cheaper one near the side bars forget about seeing the dance floor as its tiered and people standing on each level.. . The aisles and bars take up another 20% and dance floor 10%.  It's a nice club, but it's geared towards maxing revenue and not comfort where you can move around freely like XS with there outdoor area.  People smoke inside, but the AC works pretty good.  . . They have the best DJs now but you will enjoy the music and not see your guy mixing unless your crammed on the dance floor like a sardine.  . . Your only retreat will be the ling  ling room downstairs but now your on a difft level.  Not my favorite club, but might come back. Be sure and get a presale ticket to avoid the long GA line.
The staff was decent and the ambience is good but not spectacular for a brand new Vegas club. It certainly didn't blow me away. They make no effort at limiting crowd size so when my two buddies and I went on Calvin Harris night it was uncomfortably crowded. I'm not sure who was having a good time. I suppose if you wanted to drop 5k minimum on a table than you can shelter yourself from that. Otherwise I wouldn't go back to this club again especially if there is a major headliner in the club.. . Speaking of C Harris, his performance was pathetic and I'm even a fan of his music. It was like he just plugged in his iPod and went to sleep. I'm embarrassed I paid what I did to see him. 100% not worth the high admission or frustration of having to combat the crowd.. . I highly recommend Steve Angelo if you are looking to see a world class DJ. We saw him in June at XS and it was incredible. Night and day from Calvin Harris. . . Three stars because after all that we still managed to meet some nice babies. No shortage there.
Can't even lean against the side of the couches. This place doesn't even have a outdoor patio for fresh air. This place is too stuffy and has no friendly staff whatssoever. Also they need a picture of your girls if you want to be on guestlist. Okay Mr. Fancy Superficial dumbass.... & once you do get approved or w.e; they tell you you're on guestlist but once you get there, they tell you that you have to pay a reduce fee. Paying is fine, but at least give us a heads up.. and not tell us when we arrive. Whatdabullshit?! This club is dumb and totally not as promising as the hype. I had a bad first experience.. came back a 2nd time to give it a 2nd chance, but still its a disappointment. Never will i come back to this Hakkashit nightclub.. ----------------- EDIT ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------. 10/3. I slightly changed the ratings from 1 star to 3,  maybe 3.5, but 4 indicates that I'm a fan but I'm really not. This past weekend, I gave Hakkasan another go. To be honest, I had a lot more fun this time around versus the first two times I've been here. I love the hiphop floor more than the edm floor, so their hip hop floor is pretty nice. Our host for our table was extremely nice and funny, I think his name was Max but I might have forgot his name, but he was pretty cute. The hostess at our table was really helpful and sweet! So not all the staffs at Hakkasan are unfriendly!  This visit would've been a 5 ratings or even a 4 but around 2am, the bouncer kicked us out of our table because we didn't have any alcohol beverages anymore on the table, I didn't know or wasn't notified that you have to have drinks at the table at all times in order to stay there. Bummer.... Regardless of getting kicked out, things was going fine, until two of my friends lost their wallet because someone pickpocketed him. this had happen almost consistently; once this trip and another back in August.  My friend who lost her phone did not drop it because it was in her purse that was zipped up. I don't really blame Hakkasan for the thefts, since it could happen at any nightclub, but people should just be extra careful when they go to Hakkasan. Go hard for another nightclub! :)
This club is the new hit in Vegas for being so big but I didn't see anything that great about it. There's so many stairs. For a girl in heels and having to go up and down stairs all night to go back and forth between rooms is a hassle. The main room at the very top of the stairs is where they have their big shows/djs. The set up there sucks because there is a row of tables lining the front area and everyone stands up at those tables so you can't even see the performer no matter where you are standing. Always fun staring at a bunch of people's backs when a top DJ is playing and you paid money to see them. Same for the balcony in this main room. Just a row of tables right in front of the balcony so you can't see anything. Club is definitely made to try and force people to get tables. On the other hand Lights was a really awesome club. I suggest going there for shows instead.
go just to say that you've gone... . we had no lines / no cover - dj was cool - dancefloor was packed. . kinda small and feels cramped. . take me back to xs asap
Our promotor got me and my guy on the employee guestlist, so it was free for us both with hardly any wait (go early!)  Hakkasan is notoriously popular right now and being on the GENERAL guestlist is a long torturous wait and guys will still have to pay. . . Liked the cool entrance into the club, the look, and the music, the fact the bouncers kept the floors clean and clear. However, I felt like I was stuck in a beehive! It was so crowded I could hardly move anywhere. To make things worse, there was this annoying girl,drunk off her mind, dancing and jumping all over. She inconsiderately pushed and elbowed everyone around her and kept harassing the bouncer who didn't kick her out! Next there was a guy standing there and chain smoking his youth away- and mine. My lungs were burning afterward. . . The people ruined my experience, but the club itself seem great. In conclusion, I'd give it a second chance, but hope I just don't get physically and pulmonarily attacked next time.. . Feel free to ask if you need promotor contact info.
I would say this club was dope, I went to the opening with Steve aoki was Dj-ing. Drank some champagne from the rich oil sheikhs and business people in the booth next to mine. Hung out with that one chef who has big blond hair on food network.. Chef Ann? I forgot, got really hammered. Sat down for a while. Got lost in the dark cave tunnels. Had to ask a body guard where the f** i was.. Danced too much. Wished they had a hip hop room going when I was there. . No way to really talk to other people or have a really amazing time unless you have a booth to sit at, that way you know where the hell you are supposed to be. But me and my girls had fun! Good experience. Hopefully I meet more fun people ! Wop wop!
The bf holds relatively deep resentment for this club for trying to guide a blacked-out me down 4 narrow flights of stairs.. . I thought I remembered my entire night at Hakkasan, until I realized there was a huge lapse in my memory (and not enough pictures taken)... I guess 3 LC's will do that to you -.-. . Hits:. * Cool, beautiful crowd... From what I remember. * Great staff -- had a heart-to-heart with the security guard manning the entrance line while waiting for my promoter. * Spacious restaurant/club with 5 floors -- 3 dedicated to the nightclub: Hip Hop room at floor #3, EDM room floors #4 - 5. * Don't remember this part, but I heard the CO2 effects made the lasers look really cool and blew down directly on the crowd... glad I didn't pass out from it. * Decent drink prices for Vegas nightclubs -- $16 for LC's is much better than EBC's $23 vodka red bulls. * Instant entrance for those with pre-sale tickets -- theboys waited a good 15 minutes for us while we were getting the promoter situation straightened out. . Lessons Learned:. * Dance floor too small and the club had too many tables, with too much dead space between the tables -- guess the club is designed to promote booking tables... wish we had $8k to shell out for a table on the dance floor. * No sitting or leaning against the railing! Unless you wanna get yelled at by security . * There are a million stairs -- wear sexy, but comfy shoes / heels. . I'll have to come back to consciously experience this club again.
Hakkasan is at the MGM Grand and is the new kid on the Vegas nightlife block!  This club is WOW-enormous with a capacity of 7,000+.  The entire Hakkasan monstrosity costs an estimated $200 million.  I'm gonna guess the technicolor lighting and massive video/LED screens were not cheap!  It has five levels for it's restaurant and nightclub nightclub with the greatest DJ line up of Deadmau5, Calvin Harris, Tiesto, Tommy Trash, and Aoki to name a few.  The club website has a great calendar of events so check that out if you are big into a certain DJ. . . I liked Hakkasan but I didn't love it.  There were definitely some things that made it just A-OK!   First it's all tables so they obviously want you to go there and spend money.  The pricing is also higher than any other club in the city by about 10%.  It would be better with less tables and more room for people to walk around.  Second there are a ton of stairs, even more stairs than Marquee, and I didn't think that was even possible.  Third it really reminds me of a dungeon, a ridiculously HOT dungeon.. . Thursday and Sunday are the days to go if you are a local and wanna check this place out.  I'm recommending to avoid the Friday/Saturday unless you absolutely must see your favorite DJ spinning.  TIP: buy the pre-sale tickets and arrive early for check in if you go Friday/Saturday.
Well, with all the hype I had to go to Hakkasan. Unless you are down to drop a couple grand, this is not gonna be such a sweet experience. I went when Calvin Harris was performing. First, Harris is extremely overrated. I've been to plenty shows, and I can confidently say Calvin Harris is not even in my top 10. Second, the venue itself is classy, but it's kind of a maze and the dance floor is freaking tiny. Surprisingly, the drinks were not that expensive for Vegas. I should have listen to my pals and gone to XS. Oh, well. I needed to experience it myself. Definitely not going back, though. The lasers are badass, however. One of the best equipment I've seen.
Too much hype!! Yeah, I was faded, but hey, I've been just as faded if not more to all the other clubs I've been to in Vegas --and isn't that the point!?! I was hoping to have found a new club to LOVE in Vegas, but instead I can only say that "I've been there, done that". . . It's big, but I really think more of the space should have been used for dance floor instead of VIP tables (and we had a table in the hip hop room!). This kinda takes away from people mingling with each other and simply just gettin shit crackin!! Throughout the night I would check out the other rooms as well (watch your step on all them dark ass staircases!). The larger house room was packed like sardines (I guess no surprise there haha). Finally I make it to the outside area... oh wait! THERE IS NO OUTSIDE AREA!! This is what you call a "C'mon man!" moment. LOL.. . I, personally, like to experience things for myself, so you don't have to take my word for it. We still had fun at Hakkassan, but that's just what we do. For now I'll stick to my "go-to" Vegas clubs until there's another new club on the block for me to experiment with. Happy partying!!
Came here soon after their grand opening on a weekend Tiesto was spinning. I've been to Tiesto's shows but this was a disappointing one. Maybe he was just being lazy or maybe it was an off night, but it really was not that great... It really could have been ANY DJ spinning and I wouldn't have even known the dif.. . That being said. The club is just like any other Vegas clubs now-a-days. It's a little darker and it feels like it's not as open. The dance floor does have a high ceiling but it's shaped like a long rectangle? And of course there are the tables all across the dance floor in plain view of the DJ booths. . . I didn't have any problem getting to the bar when we were there and it was easy to get drinks. The second floor was not impressive, but I guess it's for people who like to chill. Not the best club and not the worst... However, it's def a distance from the strip so unless you were staying at MGM I don't think it's worth a trip just to come here.
It's a nice club, but these Vegas clubs are getting to be way too big.  The line is confusing because there never seems to be an order to the line.  The main room kind of looks just like a warehouse that was rented out for a rave.  The individual rooms are nice, but definitely hard to find.  They call it hakkastairs for a reason, I think my thighs were burning by the end of the night with all the stairs I climbed.  Other than that, the lighting effects were really cool and the music was good if you like edm.
This cavernous and thematically ambiguous (with only half-hearted flourishes towards China) venue reminds me of the warehouses of 90s raves. The locked-up DJs are, for the moment, excellent. Max was helpful. I'm squarely a fan of the open-air (and thus less sardined) and thematically (Tao) or at least aesthetically (XS) congruent venues that the best in the business, including Drai and the Marqee/Tao gang, have shifted the standard to.
I got trolled by my promoter to get in line at 8:45pm because the I Heart Radio concert was also at MGM that night and she said it would be super popping. My friends and I were hesitant because who arrives at the club that early right? Well we did it anyway because we didnt want to pay and it super sucked because we were all wearing heels. Starting early and wearing heels is not the best idea. There was already a line for guys but the girls line was so short. We waited for 45 minutes before we could actually get in so we just took photos and talked to a bachelorette party in the meantime. Oh well, at least it was free for us :). . You get in and the venue is pretty nice but all I cared about was the hip home floor. There are tons of bottle service tables and surprisingly the dance floor is pretty small. They played pretty good music since I am not a fan of EDM so I was pleased with that. We kept switching back from EDM floor to hip hop just because we wanted to explore the crowd but it totally took a toll on our feet since we wore heels. That night, actually that whole weekend, there were almost no yellow fellows out there so I was pretty disappoint. I think it was mostly white people so if you want the asians, your best bet is XS. Maybe that weekend was a fluke but when I go to vegas next time, Ill just stick with Marquee and XS. Calvin Harris was there that night but our feet were dying so we left before seeing him and grabbed food. What a yolo.. . **TIPS**. 1) Just get a promoter and get in for free. Be wary of what time she tells you to arrive and add an hour to the estimated time so you wont have to arrive hella early.. 2) So many staircases, so painful for feet. Just wear flats to the club mang.. 3) Enjoy the hip hop floor!
Huge place nice Music,the Food was Not bad
OVERRATED!!!!. . It's super small in there and barely breath when it's crowded! . For $190 ticket - I better get my own table.... . boooo .... . Other than that - DJ Aoki was sick!!!. . Better go if you can afford a table :)
Really cool club in some ways, super lame in others, great visual light/laser show. I saw Calvin Harris spin. IMO this place is too big, massive actually. The crowd is a little rough, I think they need to do a little more screening at the door. I mean they market this as an upscale club but some of the people in there are definately not upscale lol.  If you want a prime table on a prime evening with a prime DJ spinning be prepared to drop $4000-$5000 on bottles, there was a group of 10 of us there for a bachelor party so it only worked out to about $500 a head which is not too bad.
I was at Hakkasan with a bunch of people for a friend's birthday to see R3hab on a Thursday night.. . I wish I could tell you how the show was, but I honestly don't even remember if we saw any of it. The only proof I have that we MAY have seen any of the show is a 15 second video on my phone. Oh, Vegas... So I suppose this will be a review of the nightclub itself -- or what I can remember of it.. . Our group was pretty evenly matched up in terms of girls and guys, but luckily our birthday girl had managed to land free table service through her promoter for us ladies (and a few of our guys) right by the dance floor. They brought us two bottles and "made" us drinks (mixed what I think was vodka and various juices/soda water together into a glass). The table we sat at had storage areas under the seats for those of us who wanted to stash a purse or clutch, or anything else besides which was super convenient.. . Every staff member I encountered (guards, bouncers, bartenders, bathroom attendants, the girls who worked the tables for table service) was very polite and friendly. I don't know why this place got so many bad reviews for service. Maybe because we went during a slower week night? And because we had gotten there a little early?. . We got there pretty early (between 9PM-10PM), so it was still a pretty relaxed atmosphere. It's bigger than it looks, with a second bar tucked over on the far side of the dance floor. I never personally found it to be terribly overcrowded. And a margarita cost me $14 (eeek, Vegas prices).. . We did, unfortunately, lose our table because apparently we had "too many guys," so they sold the table away to another party. Without warning us first (so far as I know anyway). That was a little upsetting, but what can you do in a city where having a vagina trumps all? At one point during the night, a guard had even physically stopped my boyfriend from approaching the table (put a hand on his shoulder and held him back from the table), and the only explanation the guard had was that there were too many guys there. Even though he was one of the original guys in the group who the the table had been reserved with.
There were tons of hype from Hakkasan when they were about to open but my overall feel is that it was just okay. One thing Hakkasan successfully did was revive the south end of the strip in bringing more nightlife.. . Pros:. - The top resident DJ's Tiesto, Calvin Harris, Bingo Players, Deadma5, etc. No Need for explanation.. - If you're living on south end, no need to taxi to Wynn/Encore. . . Cons:. - Competition with Light Nightclub which I feel is a better club. - Crowded and isn't really fun unless you get bottle service and even then you might not get a direct view of the stage. - Feels like a maze, upstairs, downstairs, hallway here, overpass here, etc.. - Light setup leaves much to the imagination after being to Exchange LA in Southern California. . I had an okay experience with the venue, it was very blah. I only enjoyed it because Dada Life killed it.
All hype.. . . The crowd is rich old geezers and broke college kids on ecstacy. Or Molly I think... . The line for guestlist is super long. But thank god for connections lol! I would hate to be drunk and in that line.. . The club was ok.. huge.. I love the hip hop room on the 4th level!. . I would honestly rather go to another club with less hype.. . . I want to try out their competition next weekend.. The Light! I heard thins are better there..
I had to check out this place since everyone is raving about it. Been here 2x. Verdict: all hype.. . Both times that I went I had presale tickets. Guestlist lines are loooongggggggg and if I knew I already want to see a specific dj, I will buy tickets and avoid standing in that long line when I'm drunk off my ass.. . My first time here was to see Steve Aoki. We got there pretty early (11pm). The line was actually not that long for presales but they kept holding us up and not let us in! When asked why, they said it was because the fire marshals are inside checking up on some safety issues and the line will move once everything's clear. The second time around, we arrived at midnight and there was only 4 people in front of us in the presale line. We didn't get in until 1am. When asked why, the security told us the owner of Hakkasan is inside and the line will move as he leaves. Sounds familiar much?. . The venue seems big only because of the different levels it has but honestly, the dance floor is TINY. I've been to clubs with bigger dance floors in LA! You're definitely gonna get all these sweaty guys slobbering up against you as you try to make your way onto the dance floor. The crowd? Old, rich geezers or high college students. Not so classy. While waiting in line, I had several people rolling and trying to talk to me.. . The only pro thing this club has going on is that they house some top djs. I saw Steve Aoki here the first time and he killed it with his performance. He was crowd rafting and throwing cakes! The second time around I saw NERVO & Calvin Harris who were both amazing. I probably would not be back at this club unless there's a dj that I am dying to see here.
As it's still a new club, it's going to have it's flaws. I did have a few incidents with my group though.. My name wasn't on the guestlist; I had signed up through Facebook for Calvin Harris' VIP guestlist. Thankfully I screenshot my confirmation because I didn't get an email confirmation. I showed the person with the guestlist the picture after she said my name isn't on there; even thought called prior to confirm my spot. But she let it go and gave me my ticket with the screenshot confirmation.. Inside was a bit crowded but not as badly as I thought!. The bartenders were rude for sure! They don't notice who arrives first and totally ignored our party for a good 10 minutes. It may have been rude in my part, but my party was getting upset so I pushed forward, snapped my hands in one of their faces, and told them we'd like to get some drinks. Needless to say, they didn't get a tip.. We didn't know there was an upstairs (which was where Calvin was to DJ later) but found it with a little help!. Upstairs, the Pavilion, was so incredibly crowded, but it's expected! The DJ before Calvin was dropping great beats and me and my party had a blast!. We managed to get to the very front, dance til 3 and left in a breeze!. Security was helpful getting us out and we we're wished a safe trip home!. I'm definitely coming back, regardless of the mishaps!. You shouldn't let the little things ruin your otherwise good times!. If you had a bad first impression, don't be too quick to decide to never come back!
I woke up the next morning to fraud prevention calling my cellphone in order to verify my past 5 transactions.. . "Did you spend $100.81 at The Bar, Hakkasan, MGM Grand?  Press 1 if this is correct." ---   1. . "Did you spend $63.74 at The Bar, Hakkasan, MGM Grand?  Press 1 if this is correct." ---  1. . "Did you spend $100.81 at The Bar, Hakkasan, MGM Grand?  Press 1 if this is correct." --- 1. . "Did you spend $43.00 at The Bar Hakkasan, MGM Grand?  Press 1 if this is correct." --- 1. . "Did you spend $87.57 at The Bar Hakkasan, MGM Grand?  Press 1 if this is correct." --- 1. . I hate that I get unreasonably generous when I'm drunk  to where I continuously buy my group of friends drinks.  I've concluded that I am a "dependent drunk".  Meaning that I do not like dancing and drinking alone so I feel the need to make sure everyone except the designated driver is somewhat on the same level.  I do this to myself all the time and I regret it the next morning.. . Sidenote that doesn't pertain to that night: Do you have that "one friend"?  Usually when I go out with a group of friends, there is an unspoken agreement after one person buys a round for the group.  Normally the people that are part of that round of drinks return the favor by also buying a round.  This would continue throughout the night until everyone in that group has bought 1 round.  After that, whoever wants to buy a drink, buys a drink for themselves or for whomever.  However, there is that "one friend" that NEVER returns the favor.  This is the same friend that does the same thing every time you go to the bar with them.  Even though everyone in the group has bought a round, this ONE friend drinks all of the drinks but only buys abeer for his/herself.  What is even more annoying is that the person has a decent job and isn't broke.. . Back to my review, the music was good.  Although I would choose a top 40/hip hop room over house music, I would have to say that the house room was the winner of that night.  Like all Vegas clubs, the drinks are overpriced.  Overall I had a decent time.. . 1/3 of my night was spent going up and down the 250+ steps of death.  The entire venue consists of stairs.  Do you want to go to the bar?  Well watch out for the 5 steps.  Do you want to go to the restroom?  Well watch out for the 10 steps.  Do you want to go to the house room?  Well watch out for the 100 steps.  You get what I mean...
We went to vegas last weekend .One of my friends said that hakkasan is a very good night club ,so we wanted to check it out . the music was fine but a looooottttttt of people .I coudnt even stand in one place crowed was pushing and kicking . I didnt enjoy our time at this place. I mightgo there again but definately not on the weekend.
As a new resident of Vegas, I have been to Hakkasan a good handful of times.  Some nights were fun but most were ok.  When both Light and Hakkasan were opening up this spring, I could tell that there was a huge buzz around Hakkasan.  It was going to be THE place to be!  I was super excited but then sadly disappointed by a few things... . . 1) It is difficult to see the DJ unless you want to be sardined on the dance floor or if you have a table... actually some of the less expensive tables are pretty far from the DJ and can't see either.. 2) The crowd is a little bit pretentious for me or people who go there like to act that way because they are in Hakkasan.  I got a similar vibe at Marquee.  At other clubs I feel a little more relaxed (ie. Surrender, Light, even XS). . 3) The layout and stairs are killer for heels.  The stairs from the hip hop room feel never ending.  The physical location of the club is on the opposite side of the hotel from the parking lot also!  It's almost like you need to bring a separate pair of sandals for the walk to Hakkasan... parking lot, then stores, then across the casino.. . I don't hate Hakkasan, don't get me wrong.  Here is what I like about it.. 1) Hakkasan is definitely a fancy club.  When guys have to pay, they might feel like they are getting more for their money with a ticket to Hakkasan because it is such a big club.  Tickets are expensive though for guys... it can get up to $75 depending on who is playing :/. 2) Huge DJs!  Tiesto, Calvin Harris, and Hardwell to name a few.   I most recently saw Nervo there a few weeks ago.  We waved at them from the dance floor and Liv waved back to us!  So cool.  This is where the superstar DJs play for sure.. 3) The staff (bouncers, security guards, etc) are all realllly nice!  I think that Hakkasan did a great job training their staff :). . I definitely have to pick and choose my nights at Hakkasan.  I usually go for a certain DJ or if my friends from CA are going to Hakkasan.  I don't think my feet or heels can survive too many visits in a row haha.
Started off great! Awesome live DJ. Got way too crowded in mins. Fire Marshall/ To many people, couldn't even walk around. Over room capacity. Over all lots of fun!
The club has a good layout and decor, but it was just way too crowded.  I have been to many other crowded clubs, but when I mean crowded, it's to the point you are sandwiched by tons of people in the pit and will make a difficult situation to finding friends or getting a drink at the bar.  You can't be timid if you want to get around here, you have to use your arm to move people out of your way as courteous as possible but assertive enough to get where you need to go.  The line is long and moves slower than a line at Disneyland so you'll spend 30-40 minutes for GA.  . . Tiesto was playing for $100 that night.  The price is not the problem since this is a world famous DJ playing inside a smaller club instead of a stadium.  But the whole being crowded thing doesn't make for money well spent.  . . If you really want to see a high profile DJ such as Tiesto for $100, Wet Republic is the best experience for GA.  I was able to get in right away, waited in a line that only took less than 5 minutes and was at the front.  I never had a problem with the crowd at a day party and I was able to stand in the front section and see Tiesto up close without fighting any crowds.  We all had our space and you didn't have to be shoved and fight for space to get a good view or to walk around to find friends or get a drink at the bar.  Wet Republic felt more like a VIP experience because it was still packed to feel like a party but you still had your space to walk around.
nice set-up, great dj line-up. gotta love the EDM! I will give the club props for that...the hip hop room is irrelevant. LOL... anyways, but if you are a dude, then you need to get bottle service!! otherwise you will be stuck wandering around like a worthless chump. way too many steps, very dark lighting, not good for drunk people. and when it gets packed, its like a rat maze.. good luck trying to walk thru the main dance floor!
Honestly not impressed especially with the prices they charge smh would rather spend $$ at Tao or Tryst and that's that I'm a house head so this is the type of venue that should be blowing my mind!!! Sorry Hakkasan on to the next Venue!
We waited to get in almost an hour, well its acceptable. But we were told the fee is $50 after they increased to $70? Its not fair, but they were pretty sure, after waiting an hour you cant just leave it. Smart Strategy though. And its super packed. I did not drink (Had the worse hangover a day before, I even did not want to think about it). . . Music was great. Of course , Calvin Harris. I only went there because of him. And the stuff rude ;( . Id go may be. Not sure.
5 stars for having some of my favorite DJs on rotating residency. There's nothing like being able to see Tiesto and Calvin Harris night after night for free. Thank you for hiring less creepy looking people as your street team. What I don't appreciate is you guys bugging me while I'm trying to stuff an Earl's Sandwich down my throat. Keep it on The Strip.. . . -13424253453 Stars for the stairs.. . Sweet baby Jesus. Thank goodness I remembered from experience. Girls, take off your shoes before you decide to climb up and down the gazzillion floors that is Mt. HK. I've heard so many horror stories about women breaking their legs and spraining their ankles. Not cool. You either need more elevators that are open to people going up, or you need to install an escalator and just conveyor belt us around. . . Bring flats. Ain't no party like a leg in a cast for two weeks partyyyyyy 'cuz a leg in a cast party don't end up with nothing but a wheelchair.. . . The only places to stop and rest is at the smoking area. Great, thanks a lot guys. You mean I get the privilege to have people blow smoke in my face? Urgh. Even Marquee has a couch. I'm not about to throw down a few thousand dollars for table service just so I can sit, though the people I was with definitely wanted to 30 minutes in.. . There's a hip hop room and the main room. Guess which one I stayed in.. . . +1 more star for getting me on guest list for 3 nights in a row. You can also share that star with the fact that somebody cleaned up vomit in line within 2 minutes.. . . . . So what if my math doesn't work out...3 Stars.
Meehh, gotta give it to Hakkasan for getting us in easily without glitch, with a couple drink tickets each.  Came on a random Thursday night, but apparently some famous DJ was spinning.  i heard the line up is always great, but it's just the overall experience.. . i'd say it's pretty awesome, if it existed like.. 7 years ago.  But with Light right down the strip, i'd rather visit XS/ Tryst and not have to venture outside the Wynn.
Went to Hakkasan to see Calvin Harris.  Ended up seeing not only him but DJ Rukus, Rev Run, Swizz Beats and Kate Upton.  It was apparently her birthday party and it was awesome.  . . Now this place gets 3 stars from me because of the wait to get inside.  Even getting table service and all the the WAIT was pretty long.  I could only imagine how it was for the general admission people.  It was also a little unnerving when the elevator opened up into the club and people were trying to rush the elevator.  After this situation got fixed everything else seemed to be great.. . Spacious club with multiple levels.  Crazy light affects and the sound system is amazing in this place.  It is very crowded so if you do not like crowds stay home.  The bathrooms were never an issue which was a pleasant surprise considering how many people were in the club.
