In a hurry to find a placeto crash, we hit up Golden Nugget. I'm not a big fan of the Fremont strip (the food is awful and some of the characters are sketchy) but this hotel was very nice. Evidently, they've done some renovations and the rooms are very very nice especially for the price. Great value.. . Update: My comment about the food along Fremont is now expired as I've since discovered the restaurants in the bottom floor of the California Hotel & Casino (or "The Cal"). In particularly, The Market Street Cafe is ridiculously good and ridiculously cheap. Try the ox tail soup. I still have cravings.
I'm impressed that the rooms don't smell like old people and cigarettes since most of the rest of the hotel does, but I am happy to say that despite the need to walk though throngs of dirty wide eyed gamblers flicking ash everywhere as they desperately search for the next waitress to drown there already dying livers.  We actually slept well, and had a great time in Las Vegas.
If it wasn't for work I doubt I would ever stay here. The room was OK, it is far from the strip. The hotel room was just OK, OK that is it. You can'y throw a flat screen TV in the room (NON-HD) and then think it upgrades the room. Like every other vegas HOTEL the nickel and dime you for everything. $20 for their GYM (HAHAHAHA), $13.99 for Internet (walk to starbucks) and so on. I have to go to vegas fairly often and it is bcoing more aparent that it is more reasonable to stay at a Laquinta than a $45 casino that charges you another $33.99 for BASIC stuff.... Not to mention it takes longer to get in and out of the hotel while there for business.
I decided that at least one time in my life, I had to stay in Dingy Old Downtown, and so last summer I took the plunge at stayed at the Golden Nugget. I got a room in the newer Rush Tower.. . The hotel itself was nice. The Rush Tower room was decent for the price. It's right on Fremont St, so you can enjoy the overhead show at night. The pool is nice, but it was super crowded in the summer as it's quite smaller than many of the Strip hotels.. . However, outside the walls of the Golden Nugget is a different story. I would not eat at any of the downtown restaurants outside of the Golden Nugget (except for the legendary Binion's Steakhouse). But by contrast, I would gamble anywhere downtown except at the Golden Nugget, where their $10+ minimum tables made me shake my head. If I wanted to play tables of this price, I'd go to the Strip. Very disappointing. However, there were plenty of nearby places like Binion's, Fitz, etc., that were the cheap gaming experience I expected.  . . If you want to stay downtown, Golden Nugget is the best and (in my opinion) the only option. However, there is no reason to stay Downtown. Get a room on the Strip or stay at one of the quality off Strip hotels if you want a cheaper option. If you want to see Downtown, travel here for a couple hours, which is all you will need before you will want to leave.. . A word of caution... if you do stay here, be careful venturing off Fremont Street. Once you leave the part of Fremont covered by the overhead screen, it can get really shady quickly. If I was a young female, I would not feel comfortable leaving the Fremont Street Experience area.
This place is fairly cheap, clean and easy to get in and out of. There were definitely a few glitches but nothing devastating. . We asked for a king bed and got a room with two small beds, the sink did not drain at all.. . But like I said, the parking is easy and the walk from car to room is easy (especially compared to hotels on the strip)..
I'd say this is the venetian of downtown... If you are staying downtown, stay here. The shark tank is very cool and the pool is nice. The rooms are nice and fairly remodeled. I sort of have a different opinion of downtown in general, so I'm trying really hard not to judge this hotel on the "fremont experience". The gambling was good because they had $5 tables.
Well our first room had a bum toilet but they switched us with no problems.  Decor was nice, rooms were clean.  I loved the pool THE TANK and got to hangout a little at THE HIDEOUT.  Didn't have too much luck at the casino but I'm kinda unlucky anyhow.  I like that they have tons of place to eat here and their little cafe was great.   For the price and location on Freemont street I was pleased
I stayed here for 5 nights this past week and was told it was the "Bellagio" of the downtown hotels.. . Overall, an excellent stay, and even more excellent value for the money. They give you this coupon/promotion book as you check-in, and you can make a free $20-$30 if you go around and use it at the casino.. . The pool area was nice, and unfortunately this time I did not get to take the slide down through the shark tank (but definitely plan to on my next visit!). . So to explain, the 3 star rating is simply driven by a horrible check-in experience on arrival (everything else qualified for 4-5 star ratings). They had a medium length line (maybe 10 ppl in front of me), but only one person checking us in at a time. And each person, I swear, took 20 minutes each. So it took almost 2 hours to get checked-in, which truly sucked. The flight to Vegas was only 1.5 hours. On top of that, two other employees at the show ticket counter were not jumping in to help (even though their lines were empty).. . So anyways, overall averaged out to 3 stars.. . . Also, btw, Fremont Street experience is pretty cool.. I would say on par with the strip.
This Golden Nugget has built a new tower (Rush) and upgraded the rooms in an attempt to make people believe that this is a 4 or 5 star hotel.  And in fact, the rooms are gorgeous both in the Rush Tower suites and the Gold Tower rooms.  However, the Front Desk people are lacking the most basic interpersonal skills when dealing with customers.. . Rush Tower Notes: Noise from the Fremont Street is noticeable if you are on the North Side with most shows going until midnight.  On the South Side noise from the pool is noticeable on the lower floors and goes until midnight or 2 am depending on the day.. . Gold Tower rooms are decorated similar to the Rush rooms, but the renovations that they did were not that well planned out, especially in the bathroom.
The hotel itself is pretty good. Nice rooms, good location, fair price. The pool is amazing and drinks are pretty reasonable at H20. My grief is with Lillie's Noodle House and Grotto Ristorante (see me reviews). I'll boil my experience at those restaurants to this: customer service, or customers in general, clearly aren't the focus of these places.. . Upon checkout, my brother was asked how our experience was. He broke it down for them and they offered to comp us dinner that evening. Too little too late as we were leaving town (the fact that we were checking out should have told her that).. . Would I come back? Likely. Would I try the restaurants? I'm not saying no, but who really knows.
We stayed at the Golden Nugget for one night -- and this review is expressly about our Gold Club Room.  These are nice rooms, nicely appointed and much better than the normal room.  They're on a floor only accessed on the elevator by a Gold Club key.  Some of the perqs are coffee in the morning and great snacks like nuts and chocolate covered raisins in the afternoon/evening.  . And there lies the problem.  We checked in at 4, got to our room, checked the snacks and discovered that of the 4 bowls, three had been cleaned out (like someone with a big plastic bag had come by and taken everything).  Plus their complimentary water bottles were gone.. We couldn't go to sleep that early since our room overlooked the Fremont St. Experience and "Born To Be Wild" was blasting away during the midnight show right  below us.  So when I went to get the morning coffee -- nothing.  No coffee, no juice, no bottles of water.  I went down to the VIP office where the woman said they put it out at 6 (it was now 8:30).  Great!  They eventually did bring some more coffee and water -- but if they are trying to run a nice upgrade properly, they need to work at this in a big way.  We'll probably never stay here again (since there are so many hotels in Vegas who actually know what they're doing).
This is the only hotel I've stayed at downtown - I know, hard to believe a person from Hawaii never stayed at the California!!  But I'm really picky about what hotels I stay at and the California and every other hotel located downtown always made me feel itchy while walking through - like I said before: "Happy Faye, happy stay!". . The rooms were pretty average, but I only stayed in their standard rooms.. . I've had good experiences here and never felt unsafe (while in the hotel room and casino area).  All of the employees were always nice and helpful, which is always good to have!  Their 24 hour coffee shop serves good food at reasonable prices (they even have some "Hawaii friendly" menu items!).
One of the few places in Downtown that still has a poker room and a Sunday night tournament for only a $65 buy in. Mostly locals here or so it seemed and I got killed on a couple of great hands at the $1/$2 no-limit table. . . I will be back someday.
The renovations left me truly impressed with what I thought was just another remnant of the old downtown Las Vegas.  The rooms were decently decorated and seemed clean/sanitary.. . What really left me gushing to go back to this hotel was the water slide in their pool.  Now, this just is not any ordinary water slide.  This tube slide runs through their giant aquarium complete with tropical fish and maybe even a shark or two.  Don't worry, the . . Side note on Starbucks: The one near the main entrance closes before 10pm.  The other location inside the hotel, which is located near the Fremont Experience stays open past 10pm if you're really craving your caffeine.
If you're going to stay on Fremont Street, this def. is the place to stay. The pool alone is reason enough to stay here. I didn't realize there were sharks in with the fishes and actually dropped my toddler into the water when one swam up to us while our faces were pressed to the glass (I have a major shark phobia) After that we opted to chill on the lounge chairs in the shallow area.. . Our room was nice, a little worn feeling but the bed was comfy. The Golden Nugget goes for more of the glitzy/opulent vibe while we are more fans of modern/clean/simplistic, but we could appreciate the decorations for what they were. Terrible tv channel offerings, but I suppose most people are out gambling and boozing it up and aren't like boring old us, who were in bed by 10pm. Even walking through the casino, the smoke smell wasn't overpowering which was nice. We hit up the buffet for breakfast and it was good, just standard breakfast fare really. They had a bourbon syrup that was so good I started just eating croissants dipped in that.
Stayed 4/2 to 4/5 in a Rush Tower suite -. . Pros- Awesome pool! Nice poker room.Suite was nice and modern.. . Cons- Service at the bars with video poker really sucked! My wife and I played a lot and always had to flag someone down and we tip every drink! . I'd only return if it's comped!
I love the shark tank pool, the renovated tower and new rooms...it's just that everything is so crazy priced. When I think of Vegas, I think of vacation on the cheap. Here, you're gonna get a $9 8oz pina colada. It's nice, but for so much money you should get more. Seems to be the opposite in Vegas...the cheaper the place is, the more amenities you end up getting.
First of all, our room at the Golden Nugget was roomy, clean and nicely decorated, but best of all it was cheap.  Unfortunately, you get zero amenities.  No refrigerator, no complimentary coffee (K-cup machine is there, but the cups are $10).  A bottle of Fiji Water in the room was $7.  There was no working ice machine on the floor.  Our TV was never able to connect to the pay per view service.  Internet was expensive.  There was a lot of nickel and dime-ing going on.  . . In general, the staff was rude and unhelpful.  My mother is diabetic and needs to refrigerate her medicine.  She called the front desk to ask about getting a refrigerator.  They transferred her 3 times.  One person told her that the fridge would be $20.  But the manager said that it would be no charge because it was for her medicine.  Good thing we checked our bill on the way out, because there was an $80 charge for the fridge - $20 PER DAY (we weren't even there for four days - we checked in at 7 PM for a three night stay).   The girl at the desk was nasty about removing the charge, which she did eventually do. . . The one saving grace this hotel has (aside from the price) is the pool.  The shark tank mesmerized my son and he swam and played for hours while I read and sat in the sun.  The waitresses in the pool area were the most friendly people on staff and the Bloody Mary I had poolside was great.  So in spite of lousy service, the pool and the price of a room still make this an attractive place to stay.  Just don't go expecting much and double check your bill on the way out!
The Golden Nugget is the only hotel I would staycation at Downtown. It's the opposite of a dump, but still far from perfect. Overly crowded. 85 yearl old cocktail waitresses, etc. . . The hotel room was big and the bed was comfortable and there was a large, flat screen tv. The bathroom was small and the door was too close to the toilet so if you had to shut the door while you are conducting business or  "dropping the kids off" you have to do a breakdance ass move to shut it resulting in Indian burn on the butt cheeks. Good times:). . The restaurants: I am now a HUGE fan of the Italian restaurant, Grotto. It's not very romantic, but everything I tasted from the bread with a garlic infused oil dip, to the homemade sausage rigatoni to the angel food cake dessert was highly enjoyable. Our waitress with short, blonde hair was on point and knew the menu inside and out.  Also the coffee shop was cool. Decent food, shitty coffee. It still didn't stop me from sucking down four cups a day. The last morning my waitress was a Bee when I told her that we would like to charge it to the room. She said she tried twice and it didn't work. Then she got a huge tude and said she would try a third time. What do ya' know? It effin worked! Of course it did because I have been staying here for two nights! What a Bee......  . The Pool- Biggest disappointment I have had in months. My whole life everyone has raved about the GN Pool and I always felt as if I was missing out. NOT. The chairs are pushed together like a mass grave to the point your neighbor's back hair eskimo kisses you when he turns over. The water looks like Jenna Jameson's mouth after one of her movies before they hand her the spit bucket. I'm being serious. Sure there is a slide and a shark tank, but none of which did anything for me. We were both over 21 and for some reason I was never told we could go to the adult pool which I am sure was the exact opposite of this nonsense. FAIL. . . The Spa- Since the pool sucked shlong we ventured to the spa for treatments. Best move. I got quiet, alone time full of rubbing and aroma therapy and soothing music and this turned out to be the absolute highlight. Good job GN. . . Overall I don't think I would stay at the GN again. Well, maybe. If only to get buzzed and watch the Homeless Drug Addict Soul Train Dance Contest outside. If you don't know what I am talking about you need to go Downtown tonight and witness this shit. You will never be more embarrassed for this city. Rubbing elbows with 3 Spidermans, 2 Michael Jacksons, Fat Elvis, Pee Wee Herman while watching crack addicts do the lawnmover can only happen in Vegas. Good freakin' times!!!
I came to vegas as a weekend get away with my boyfriend and his family. I've never been to Las Vegas. So I didn't know what I was in for. When we showed up at the hotel, I was like.... "Out of all the cool hotels, why are we here?!?!" Of course I was being a little judgemental. We stayed at the nugget for 2 nights. I ended up loving the hotel. Everyone is so nice, the tank was awesome, most of the visitors were families. Which I don't mind what so ever. Kids are in bed by like 9PM, so if you roam around the hotel you would not see one little squirt in sight. The cafe kinda sucked. The service was slow and the food tastes 'microwaved.' All and all I do reccommend this place to anyone who wants to have a nice night away from crazy people and the strip.
Great price, great pool area!  The Check in line was long but it moved fast.  The rooms were decent (double).  The bed were not queen size.  They were more like fulls.  Overall the best place to stay at Freemont Street.
The Golden Nugget is a good idea inside a bad idea.  The bad idea is staying off the strip.  The good idea is that if you must do that the Golden Nugget would be my number one choice.. . Need a bargain?  $50 a night in the Carson Tower with no resort fee is a Vegas STEAL.  If you've done some research, you're nervous about this recommendation.  Isn't the Carson tower older, you ask?  Yes.  But it's not tacky or dirty.  It's just dated.  But TVs are flatscreen, beds cozy, and the plumbing respectable.  Of course you could upgrade to the Rush Tower, but at $80 a night you're paying strip prices -- and so WHY would you pay strip prices but stay at Freemont?  (Or the Red Rock for that matter.). . Now, suppose you intend to stay at the Carson Tower to save money but cab it to the strip once a day.   Add $40ish a day to do that.  Again, sort of a bad idea, right?. . So the only way I'd recommend you staying here is if you had your own car that wasn't a rental.  Then it would add -- what -- $6 in gas a day?  That's not so bad.  Of course now you have the inconvenience of not being able to leisurely drink via a designated cab driver, but maybe that's okay by you too.. . So if you follow the advice above, how is the hotel itself?  If you're used to strip mega resorts, the Nugget is refreshingly small.  If you forget something in your room at the Nugget, going back to get it won't take 20 minutes round trip the way it does in most resorts.  Similarly, finding what you need downstairs at the Nugget takes seconds instead of minutes.  Although the decor is kind of dated, it's shiny and 'new' looking.. . I've heard awful things about the buffet but there's a great 'diner' inside.   Ten dollars buys you any breakfast you want, which beats most strip buffet breakfasts.  The other restaurants looked decent enough that you wouldn't have to ditch the Nugget for the strip every time hunger hit you.  I tried the Grotto, an uneven Italian spot.  Their pizza was paper thin and sugary tomato sauce... which was odd... because the tomato sauce was significantly better in the pasta dish.  I dined at The Chart House, which was only MEH but then that's all the Chart House has ever really been.  Meh.  There was an amazing aquarium inside this restaurant, but you get a feeling that every time something's a little lame at the Nugget somebody adds swimming fish.. . The most over-rated feature of the place was the pool.   Sorry, but it's tiny compared to strip hotels.  In 114 degree weather, that matters.  You don't 'swim' in this pool as much as fight for a space to stand in it and cool off.  People rudely yell and splash as if you're not standing right next to them.  It's a loud obnoxious experience that, for this reviewer, is a deal breaker in summer.  Who gives a crap about sharks in a tank or a waterslide when you can't relax a little in the pool?  That's right:  children.  Oh, and did I mention you'd have better luck finding cheap eats in the Bellagio than a place to sit down in the shade at this pool?  Double deal breaker.. . So overall, the Nugget is OK for what and where it is.  But there are so many tricks you have to play to have this make any sense it's just easier to hang on the strip.
Old Vegas keeps on rocking LOL.
The Hotel itself is beautiful. At the backside of the Hotelis the famous Casino District with many shows at the evenings and nights.. He problem of the hotel is, that it is far away from the main city with the popular hotels like Ceasars Palace, The Venecian,... There is a publich bus, but it takes about 20 minutes to get to the city. . One thing, that was very annoying was, that the WIFI network is not for free like in nearly all other hotels. It costs 12 for 24hours AND per device!!! I think that's an unfair price!
This is my first review that I didn't give five stars too..BooHoo. Well the problem is consistency...I love to stay at the Rush Towers when I need a day to myself to escape. However, I never know quite what I'm going to get. The first stay was impeccable, Next stay was okay. Please never stay in a room that faces the North...Meaning towards the downtown area...Very Noisy with the Freemont Street Experience. The room is decorated in a dark brown theme which I find quite relaxing..To conclude the reason for three stars is when I asked for no smoking room for one of my stays the room reeked of smoke.
Comfortable and nice room in the Carson Tower.  Pool and Shark Tank are fabulous!  Only complaint was ventilation as it wreaked of cigarette smoke.  I haven't noticed such a strong odor in the newer hotel casinos.  Also room numbers and elevator signs in hallways weren't very well lit.. Good value however next time I'll return to one of the newer hotels on the strip.
I love downtown Vegas. Most folks think its too old skool and grimey, but I love the nostalgia. I've stayed at many of the hotels (Mandalay, Aria, THE HOTEL), but the Golden Nugget is classic. The hotel still feels old skool with some new touches i.e. flat screens at the bar, Starbucks in the lobby and The Shark Aquarium Pool. The pool and its slide=a fun time. . The customer service was excellent, but . Unfortunately the rooms need more updating and fast. The interiors are old, from the head boards to the curtains and AC units. Yes single AC units, not central air. Probably because its so old, but still. The bathroom and shower smelled damp and dank.
We stayed at the Golden Nugget the last night of our honeymoon.  We had stayed on the strip, and thought it would be cool to stay on Fremont Street the last night.  They have done some upgrades to the property, but coming from the modern hotels on the strip I felt like I was taking a downgrade.  The one redeeming feature they have is the shark tank by the pool.  It was really cool to swim near the tank and use the water slide that goes through the tank.
I try to avoid downtown hotels at all costs since they're old, icky looking and smell like ashtrays.  I had friends from out of town over the weekend who wanted to see the light show and the shark tank.  I haven't even heard of a shark tank downtown - what shark tank?  We followed the signs to TheTank.  It's pretty neat!  The pool is heated and you can drink there or go down the slide as if you're swimming with the sharks.  A smaller version of the one in Atlantis (Bahamas).. . I was amazed how neat the Golden Nugget looks.  They have Chihuly-esque glass sculptures and light fixtures.  I wouldn't know what the rooms are like though since I still don't trust downtown hotels.  This is where old folks party.  LOL.
I met up with my family here for a short Thanksgiving vacation. The price was definitely great. There was a web special so I got the cheapest room for free and felt no need to upgrade.. . It was a short stay for the night but everything went well and I can't complain. The kiosk to sign in for the Carson Towers is handy. No line waiting for them too. My room was nice, design felt a bit dated but that's probably why it was the cheaper room. I understand why they don't have free wifi, but in this day in age it's a big con to some people. If I were staying longer than a night I may have become perturbed. . . The shark tank is awesome, though I didn't get to actually experience it. . . The validation was a bit confusing. Probably because I used a kiosk I didn't have someone tell me I don't need it to be validated. Imagine my surprise when I pull out of the garage to have the guy look at me weirdly saying I'd been there a long time (He thought I gambled for 24+ hours straight apparently.). . The smoke smell is everywhere. It started to get to me the next day. I doubt I could have stayed longer. Oh well.
My wife and I took our first trip to Vegas last October (2011). I was surprised at how clean the Golden Nugget was, and how nice it was! Honestly, I was expecting a lot less. It wasn't until we visited some of the supposedly "nicer" places on the strip that we realized that the Nugget is much better than it's given credit for. . . Our room was very clean. The carpet had just been cleaned before we arrived. I guess it's possiblethat a lake of vomit had to be cleaned up, or the soggy remnants of a porn video production, or whatever, but the only thing we saw or smelled was a clean room. I appreciated that. Then we noticed that somebody was always, and I mean ALWAYS, doing a shampoo job on the carpet somewhere in that place. Whatever the reason, I liked it. It told me that they wanted it to be clean all the time. . . We never attempted room service. In fact, we didn't take advantage of much at all that the hotel had to offer. If it had have been only the room I was talking about, I would have given it 5 stars, especially after seeing the room my friends had in a much more expensive hotel on the strip! However, getting a drink in the casino required huge patience and even an occasional scavenger hunt for a waitress. And also, the check in time was too long. I would think that management could figure out peak times for customers checking in and out and staff up the desk for this. Oh well. . . Overall, we enjoyed the Nugget and will certainly stay again.
This is a review for the spa and casino only. I did not sleep here.. . Spa: The amenities like robe and locker room were nice and the decor was luxurious, but the service felt lacking.. . I used a Groupon for a 80-minute hot stone massage. This was my first of the kind, so I have nothing to compare it to. The masseuse brushed the area of my skin with a brush (I assume to get rid of dead skin), massaged the area, then smoothed over it with hot stones. It was generally relaxing but it felt rushed--perhaps so, since she ended a full 15 minutes early, and started me 10 minutes late.. . They recommend arriving 30 minutes early for the appointment so you can get ready and perhaps use their sauna, steam room, hot tub, showers, or just sit and read a magazine or newspaper. Igot there an hour early and it was definitely a good idea. I got to enjoy the water but not the other snacks since all that was left were crumbs. But being in the desert made me SO parched I chugged that H20 like a freakin' camel. And the lotion in the massage hydrated my terribly parched skin!. . Had I not used the Groupon, this service would have been about $230, including tip. They automatically include a 30% tip, but you can change it.. . Casino: In a word, nice. This is probably the only place worth going to on Fremont Street if you're more of a new-Vegas-Strip-side fan. There are penny slots and people smoke, but doesn't every place have this in Vegas? I might say this casino, while definitely smaller than ones on the strip, was nicer than the LVH.
The hotel was recently remodeled and looks great inside. The reason for the three stars is because the hotel it's self looked awesome with the pool/shark tank/water slide thing going on but the rooms slaked a bit. The rooms are not bad at all just not equally aesthetic as I had expected from the main floor and lobby. I would enjoy returning in the summer months to enjoy the built in floating/waiting lounge chairs.
Not a bad hotel for Las Vegas, relatively inexpensive but neighborhood is dicey at night.
The good:  Rush tower rooms are very nice. They are modern and clean. The casino is on par with any on the strip. Pool area is cool too. . What could've been better: room up-charges are a downer: $10 for in room coffee from the Kurig coffee maker, $15 a day for Internet, $20 to use the gym for the day. $7 for a bottle of Figi water. Room needs mini fridge. . Summary: I found the rush tower rooms and casino to be very nice, and for those reasons I could see myself coming back.
Go downtown! You'll love it. That's what I heard from those who proceeded me to Vegas. So I did.. . Cluttered place but decent selection of gaming, very attentive waitresses and much less pressure than the tables on the Strip. Seemed to be a good place to hang my hat for a bit.. . Feeling a little like Jack Burton I spent some quality time at the craps table, and had a fairly successful time until the boxman starting yelling at me in a very thick accent (one would gather it Chinese in origin) about a five dollar minimum, which I was clearly well above on that roll.  . . Becoming a bit flustered by this confusion, I felt what little mojo I had leave the room. And then like Lo Pan flying through that alley, Duke's money disappeared into thin air. I don't blame this gent for my loss, but I just wondered why he couldn't count my chips on the table.. . As I dragged my sorry ass out of the door onto Fremont Street to the strains of some cover band, all I heard was someone yelling out, "Have ya paid your dues, Duke?".. . This night, I most certainly felt as if I did...
When ever we make our trips to Las Vegas, we stay down on Fremont Street . . . and . . . The Golden Nugget is our hotel / casino of choice.  This trip however was not one of the better stays.. . Twice during our 5 day stay, we had to call housekeeping because our maid had left the diry towels on the entrance table . . . not sure why . . . and one day, she even left the tip behind.. . The tables were overly crowded, even though they were all open . . . with the exception of ones located by the Chart House.  Why those weren't open as well . . . I do not know.. . The saving grace this trip were the Valets . . . they remember us from our comings and goings . . . and even asked how my back was doing, since they knew I had tweaked it early in our stay.. . We will be back since everyone has a bad day . . . and the Rush Tower still has the best rooms on Fremont Street.
Golden Nugget is the largest Casino/Hotel complex in downtown Las Vegas. It's also amore upscale property. For this year NAB I had a good deal to stay here through Orbitz so I decided to try it. It turned out to be a bit more an adventure than I was expecting. Arriving late Saturday/early Sunday a the airport, it was about 2 am when I came to check-in. The attendant did look up my reservation and seemed a bit embarrassed. She asked me to wait a bit and disappeared in an office for about 10 minutes. She then came back apologizing saying that they were overbooked and had no room available despite my confirmed and prepaid reservation. They proposed me to send me (at their expenses) to the Bellagio (a much more upscale hotel on the strip) for the night, pay me back my night and upgrade me for the remaining nights. The arrangement was good, I think they did well in face of a bad situation. Off course it was annoying to have to go to another hotel that late and then to move hotel again the next day but it was appreciated that they did put me in such a nice hotel for that night.. . The room that I got for the remaining days is in the "Golden Tower" and is actually quite nice with full amenities. It's comfortable and allows for a good night sleep. The room decor seems a bit dated, not sure if it's on purpose and targets a different audience. The only thing that annoyed me a bit was the heating/cooling unit which is the autonomous kind without a real temperature control.. . A very good value overall and the best downtown experience I had for sure.
Irecently stayed at the Golden Nugget on a trip to Vegas with a friend. The Shark Tank pool is rather impressive as is the lobby decor. There was some renovating going on there, so I'm curious to go back and see the finished product. . . The room itself was ok. Nothing too spectacular, but I guess if you're going to Vegas all you need is a place to lay your head! The water temperature and pressure in the shower were awful. I don't know if that was just my room or if it's like that in each one. . . The nice thing about the Nug, as I've taken to calling it, is it's proximity to the Freemont Experience. It's literally right outside the front door. That made for some good people watching in the evenings. The Deuce bus also stops close by, so it's relatively easy to access the Strip.. . The next time I go to Vegas, I either want to stay on the Strip or at a resort nearby.
Convienent location on fremont.  Very nice decor since the Reno. The rooms are nothing special and not changed in the Reno and have been the same for the last 10 years. Un fortunately never had a good meal in any of the restaurants and the buffet is the worst especially for the price. Pool is very nice!
Stayed two nights in the "new" gold club tower, we upgraded to the gold club room. definitely not worth the upgrade. The pleather couch was very uncomfortable to sit on after a few minutes. Bed was nice though extra firm, pillows were horrible. Most of the employees we encountered, other than the cashiers, were surly or at least not friendly. We are going to stay on the strip next time.
Ok this is two separate reviews, Hotel then Casino. . Carson Tower, average.  Bed very good and comfortable, bathroom had some chipped rust in the tub around the drain, clock radio broken, TV very good, no fridge but available for rent, Did have a flood in the bathroom, Housekeeping and Engineering very good response, room very clean.. Casino if you are playing slots it's very difficult to get a cocktail, excellent assortment of slots, very large casino floor, cleanest bathrooms of any casino I have ever been in. Would have bumped the rating up if cocktail service had been adequate.. Pool area is excellent, nice cocktail service, get there early for a good seat in the sun.. Did not eat at any of the restaurants so can't rate any of them.. Bottom line, will return.
I chose the Nugget over all the other Fremont Street casinos because of the water slide. Sliding through the shark tank was on my bucket list! It was definitely worth paying a few dollars extra to stay at the Nugget to experience one of the best water slides ever! . The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The coffee pot had a sign on it saying it was an additional $10 to use. Ridiculous. Then I went and got a $3 small black cup of coffee at the Starbucks in the Golden Nugget.  Still ridiculous. . The gambling minimums start at $10/hand, where as all of the other casinos within walking distance start at $5. . We didn't eat here during our stay because none of the restaurants looked appetizing. One restaurant was always full of people with empty tables. Every time we walked past, we noted how no one was ever eating, just waiting.. Now that my water slide experience is over, I'm not sure if I would ever stay at the Golden Nugget again.  It was good, but I can pay less to stay at ever other hotel on Fremont Street.
old skool charm. fantastic pool area with a shark tank connected to it. we just went for dinner here and walked around. . buffet is $23 for dinner...didnt think it was enuff value for the buck but, the food was very good. staff were attentive and friendly
We came here to eat at the seafood restaurant and that was amazing. I would love to eat there again.. . The Golden Nugget though, at night, is pretty scuzzy. It's open to Fremont Street and there were many a homeless person just shuffling through with their bags and their odors. It is also narrow to walk through the casino so you are physically close to dirty strangers. Even after the remodel it's still gross.
The Rush tower room was great.  Liked the place a lot but I had a few concerns, many centered around the pool.  I wrote them a nice letter extolling their virtues and expressing my apprehensions.  I received no response.  Very sad.
The only reason i gave it 3 stars because of their amazing buffet, but the hotel operator caused me such a huge inconvenience!!!! i called before arriving there, and drove from the Hilton garden inn south of the strip. I was quoted some prices incorrectly over the phone and when I tried speaking to one of the managers there named " James" he was very unsympathetic to my situation when i explained that i had drove a group of 10 over to the hotel to enjoy their buffet and was slammed with a huge price difference upon arrival. the operator had quoted me $12 per person and when I arrived I had no choice but to pay $22 per person in my group! Yes I could of left but i was already at the cashier desk, and had everyone there with me hungry!
This place is probably close to 4* for the value you get of one of the nicest hotels in downtown at a good price, but I bumped it down to 3* because there is so much variation in rooms there -- the new tower (where you technically have to pay another $20-$30 a night) is very nice, but the old towers (like Carson Tower) are pretty dumpy. Not dirty dumpy, just tired and needing a renovation dumpy.. . In addition, like the Caesar's properties they advertise not having a resort fee, but as of July 1st they now charge a 'Fremont Experience' fee. Giving that mandatory fees are now a given (lame, but that's the case in Vegas now) I'm not mad that they are charging a fee, but just call it a resort fee rather than make up another name for it. Since the Fremont experience is attached to their hotel it's like going to another hotel and them charging for an 'awning' fee .. because its there.. . Finally, I asked for a wake up call, which they didn't make, then 30 minutes AFTER the wakeup call housekeeping came by and banged on the door calling that my wakeup call (?) even though I had do not disturb on my door. . . They do have a pretty spectacular pool that is big enough to handle huge July 4th crowds (to some extent.. I went when they opened at 10am and every seat was taken, but I went there again around 8pm and plenty of open seats). You get to swim right up to a shark tank, and if you want, you can take a slide down THROUGH the shark tank (long line, so I didn't do this part). . . I do prefer downtown Vegas over the strip so I will be back in this area, and would not cross Golden Nugget off my list. I do think the competition from the D and other hotels that are renovating their rooms will be good.. prices may slide up a bit though, though there are still plenty of dumpy hotels for very cheap in this area.
We are frequent visitors of Las Vegas, but our recent stay at the Golden Nuggets was our first time staying on the Fremont strip.  We got one of the new rooms at the rush tower, which was pretty nice and updated, but the customer service was terrible.  When we checked in at the front desk, the guy checking us in wasn't friendly at all, but the worst is when we misplaced our room key at the pool, the front desk employee (by the name of Ryan) directed us to wait in from of our room and someone will assist us within 10 minutes.  We've waited for a good 25-30min but nobody showed, so i headed down to talk to someone else.  She called someone and help showed up immediately.  I asked him what the delay was, and he said that this was the first time he got a call.. . We chose the Golden Nugget because we wanted to check out their pool (Shark Tank!).  We knew it was going to be crowded since we came down for the July 4th weekend, but didn't expect it to be this bad!  The pool is really small!  There are kids everywhere, all the chairs were taken, cabanas were full, barely enough room to walk in the pool.  The pool itself was pretty neat, but i recommend staying there during summer break or weekends.
I stayed at the Carson tower.. It was for business since I work seasonally at the Furniture Market and this place is the best you can get in that area.. . I didn't know what to expect from a hotel in Fremont street, but everything turned out great.. . The beds were very comfortable, the staff was nice enough and the noise level was not at all what I feared. The decor was kind of dated, but I don't really care, the room was very big and it had a nice TV and a desk.. . The rush tower is the nicest, it's the newer tower and everything there is more modern, but even if you don't have that upgrade, you will be ok as long as you are not expecting fanciness.. . Be prepared, they charge you for EVERYTHING! a bottle of water was $7!! and there is no refrigerator, the coffee pack in the room is $10. So, go to the store ahead of time and get some bottled water and coffee if you need it in the morning. There is a Starbucks downstairs but the line is never ending.. . I ate at all their restaurants and there are all very good and decently priced.. . The only thing that I didn't like is that the whole place stinks like smoke, but I guess that is a "Vegas thing" not really just that hotel. Also too many children in the casino! If you are one of those parents that has a yard of beer in one hand and a toddler in the other hand while you play slots at 11:00 at night, I have one question for you: "WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?????". . The pool is nice, if you don't mind public pools, they have a slide that goes through a shark tank, I personally think public pools are kind of yucky but if you are into that sort of thing theirs looks ok.
Pretty good Hotel, but be aware, The Carson Tower (lowest priced) DOES NOT HAVE EITHER MICROWAVE OR FRIDGE. (Fridge for an extra 20 bucks per night!)
i went to the Golden Nugget last week as a first timer in the whole "i'm legal to gamble and drink in vegas now" fiasco.. . valet was fine, the first bell boy we dealt with had given me a problem seeing as when i checked in, i was supposed to be given a ticket of some sort to be able to know what luggage cart was mine. thank the lord it was found.. . the room was a two bedroom, it was clean, and organized so no complaint. i did however disliked the bathtub and how easily, even without water, it felt like you take one wrong step and you'll break a leg (which happened to my boyfriends mother a few trips back in this same hotel btw.). . room service wasn't horrible. i was happy that they gave me time limits as to when my food would be arriving, but don't tell me an hour and be mad when i complain when it's been well over two. the food was worth it though. i rather purchase room service than eat from their direct cafe.. . i had breakfast at the cafe, and my pancakes were hard as rock, and my sausages under cooked. BLEGH.. . besides the crowds, and the fact i feel the casino has something against me since i won nothing, it was overall a good trip. you'll meet a few weirdos, but nothing crazy. better than being bombarded at the strip.
We stayed here for a few days. The whole decor was beautiful and the restaurants were good for Vegas. The rooms were comfortable and clean.  The only thing that I did not like was that the bottled H2O cot 7 bucks a bottle and the coffee was 10 bucks for the grounds. I did not use the wi fi as it was useless, even in the casino.. . The gaming was normal and the blackjack had 5 dollar tables which is muh cheaper than the high roller places downtown.  Overall the ambience of the whole area was fun and relaxing.  . . We gambled at the California club mostly as a friend liked it there.  I did too
GREAT overhaul of the decor. The rooms and the pool were really nice.  The bed was super comfortable.  But the service in the cafe was abysmal!  Not just once, but all three times I ate there.  Absolutely ridiculous.  And so out of character with everything else.  We ate at the tepanyaki spot, and it was awesome.  I will be staying here again.  Downtown is a lot of fun.  But I seriously doubt I will dine in the cafe again.  I'd rather step outside and brave the crowd of 3:00 am zombies to look for snacks at Walgreens.
Super cheap rooms. Not sooooo bad for the price, I guess.. Motel quality.. It felt like I had to walk forever to get from room to elevator. Carson tower room had wall unit AC. It was loud and smelly and never really got cold enough..  We both woke up with splitting headaches (and, no, it wasn't a hangover). But I would come back with the kids just to go swimming for one day. The pool is awesome!
I prefer Fremont St to the Strip.  The freak show that encompasses Fremont St is my kind of place.  It's cheaper, it's more relaxed and there's lots of entertainment.  So, the Golden Nugget was a great place to stay...  or so I thought.. . In a city where everyone gets comp'd something, we got NOTHING.  We were there for our wedding.  We checked in for 4 nights and told them we were there to get married.  There was no way we could have been lying as we were dragging boxes labelled "Wedding" and there was a bag with a wedding and bridesmaids dresses in it.  We had two rooms, one for us and one for our kids.  They offered to put us in the Rush Tower and the kids in the Carlson Tower.  How the hell does this make sense?  . . The room was literally the farthest away from the elevator that you could get.  When you came in from the front desk, it was a couple minute walk to the elevator, then a few minute walk to the room from the elevator.  It was the last room on the floor, and no, they weren't sold out.  . . The sink didn't drain in our room.  It took all morning.  . . Housekeeping didn't come for both of our rooms one day.  When we called, they sent them up and they did one room while we went out.  We called again about the other room and they gave us breakfast in the morning, but we still didn't have dry towels or soap for the morning.  . . The Carlson Tower had a musty smell in the halls.  It's a little dated, but it isn't terrible.  There's a lot of maintenance that needs to be done.  Like the EXIT sign falling out of the ceiling on one floor.  . . Breakfast buffet was OK.  The dinner buffet was TERRIBLE.  Don't waste your time or money.  . . Internet is not included.  . . They didn't even send a cheap bottle of wine to our room for our wedding...  very disappointing.  . . The pool was cool, but it is overcrowded.  There were cigarette butts in it.  There's not enough seating on busy days.  . . Overall, I would stay here again, but I would try the Rush Tower.  It seems to have better reviews.
Okay I have to write this review on Golden Nugget cause I was upset on my last night there. I've been staying at Golden Nugget LV for the last 4 trips to LV.. I always stay in the Gold key luxury rooms on the 16th and 17th floors I like the place.. Rooms are nice and the Cafe is good.. I stayed 3 night this last trip and on the last night (Thurs) Golden Nugget decides to book an outdoor party for the new D's hotel for the next 3 nights (thurs fri and Sat nights) at there upstairs pool. Music was blasting extremely loud after 12am on Friday morning that I don't think anyone in the hotel could sleep through.. I called twice to the manager of the hotel from my room to file a complaint. Even after the music was turned down you could still hear the party going on till 2am.. I dropped the rating on my review 2 stars cause what hotel books an outdoor party with loud music and lets it go to 2am.. Come on GN you guys need to think before you book parties..
Good place to stay.. Away from strip but u wil have 24 hours buses to strip.. Shark aquarium is highlight for this hotel... Rooms r good.. U wil njoy stay
Recently stayed at this classic old school destination.  Every staff member I encountered treated me like royalty.  The room though, while clean and spacious, had a partially clogged sink and faulty shower faucet. I'd rate it 3.5 stars. Would definitely stay again.
Truly old town Vegas, right off of the Fremont Street Experience.  I can't say anything for the Hotel, but the casino has some first rate slot machines, all first run, all bright, shiny and some are even blinding (I suggest avoiding the crystal game near Godzilla).. . Lots of progressive slots. Some live entertainment - at least there was when i was wandering through, and she was damned funny. I noticed that it appeared to have gone a renovation recently and that's probably a good thing. Some lovely Chiluly glass in their eatery and above their high stakes tables brought out the "MONEY" vibe to the floor. . . If I get a chance, I'll come back and check this place out again. I Know for certain that the guys must love the dealer's. They're lovely eye candy in their red and black ensembles.
Loved it! Rush Tower!!! I won't use the valet again, but everything else was stellar.
As a not too frequent visitor to Vegas but going with those who know the area, we were urged to stay at Golden Nugget.. I love the look, the staff for the most part, the features like restaurants and cafe, and the location.  The rooms are great and the beds are awesome and you get a really clean sense from the rooms and housekeeping is super.. As a non-smoker, I did not love the smokiness in the casino.. I liked the design of the pool area and that I could go outside easily to look for fresh air.  Operative word: look for fresh air.  What the heck: everyone in the Fremont Street area under that overhang smokes, I swear.  There were parents with little children and even young preteen children bringing them into this smoky area, which I would never do.. It is really fun and really cool but the bottom line is that I saw kids coughing, and I was coughing and it seemed so many more smokers were whooping it up in here than in other places.. Having just got over bronchitis it was rather touchy and I cannot say I would look forward to the experience again, which is mainly affected by my relationship with smoke.
Its the kind of place you have to see when visiting vegas. It feels like... walking the streets of Vegas back in the 70-80's. bright lights and cool signs. I think the all you can eat buffet and interesting staff make this a cool place to visit.
