The best thing about this club is having Sir Charles Barkley's bouncers toss 22 members of our crew aside like a rag dolls. Taking an elevator 2 stories up is really a dumb gimmick. . . I don't know how I feel about having girls in lingerie massage each other at the entrance or bathe in bathtubs of petals. I mean I love it, but I don't love myself for loving it. Know what I mean? . . Anyways, too loud, too packed, not enough elbow room. Either I'm getting too old for this or I'm getting too old.
Not sure how to review this spot, great club, cool decor, upscale crowd and decent music. BUT, they cram way way way too many people in here. at 11pm you couldnt dance or walk around or get a drink, it was like you filled a 300 person venue with 1000 people. way too crowded to enjoy its full potential.
This club is one of a kind nightclub. Filled with fascinating things. Girls bathing in a bath tub, girls in cages, frosted bathroom windows, Buddha artifacts, Pool at the top of the nightclub, several rooms, and there are more... I just can't think of it right now. I love this place. It's too bad thatthe main dance floor is always super crowded, thank god for Tao beach. Any who... The lines ate super long at the bars, but you will eventually get a drink. Have fun guys... the bouncers love girls... (= BTW if you want to get in faster make yourself noticeable and ditch the guys! they Will hold you back.
Out of all the clubs I've been to, TAO wins at being the most OBVIOUS about who they're letting in. I know it's Vegas so clearly huge groups of gorgeous girls have a major advantage when it comes to skipping lines, but do you really have to make it so obvious to those who are standing in line forever?? :( There's about a million lines, okay more like one giant line that loops around forever and doesn't move, probably because there's a million ENTRANCES to the line! It seems like every time I saw a group of girls talk to some bouncer, they magically got to cut in somewhere. Okay, now that that's out, onto the rest of the review?. . I honestly didn't wait in line too long, it just bothered me because you can see everything happen in the huge open space in front. The bathtubs near the entrance were puzzling! I mean they were pretty, I guess they were so pretty that I didn't notice the girls lounging in them like all the people around me. I must be blind! The inside was very crowded, much more so than other clubs. It's near impossible to try to get back to your group of friends if you leave for the bar or restroom. It's so crowded that it's impossible to fend off the hordes of guys who just don't get the hint when girls don't want to dance with them because you're stuck so close that you have no place to push him away to (which makes me wonder, how did he manage to push through the crowd to reach us??) It's so crowded that if your feet are hurting so bad from being pushed from all directions while trying to dance that you could take your shoes off and just stand there (while surrounded by a tight group of friends bc strangers would most definitely stab your feet to death). Speaking of removing shoes, I took mine off for two seconds on the side just to breathe, and a bouncer immediately found me! Amazing god-like speed! I must admit, he was pretty nice about it. I needed some place to rest and seeing as how there's no place to sit (there never is) I decided to go to the bathroom. The line was ridiculous! The stairs are treacherous and the bathroom bouncer keeps asking whether you're waiting bc apparently people aren't allowed to hang out up there (VIP only?) I feel like I actually spent most of my time out on the balcony, the inside was just WAY too crowded. Though there's still drunk/buzzed guys all around, but I personally find talking to them to be much more entertaining than being grabbed by them -__-. . Overall, very pretty but too long of a wait to get in to stand around.
2 stars. . . Oh TAO, you never fail to disappoint me. I feel like a sardine squished in a can every time I brave your dance floor. Seriously, can't a girl get a little room to dance? Alas, I'm restricted to awkwardly wobbling around as I try to dodge the overly-persistent drunk creepies you let in.  It's just always too danged crowded here.  On top of that, you still have the nerve to  charge my guy friends cover even though the club is already way over capacity. . . It's okay though, I forgive you, only because you made amends last time by giving my girlfriends and me each a pair of awesomely-comfy flip-flops as we exited the club.  Best. Idea. EVER. My feet and I thank you.. . I award you one extra star just for that. I would give another star (really, the free flip flop thing is that great), but that would bump your rating up to 4 stars, and then you'd start getting ideas thinking you're a hot-shot vegas club or something.
This place was PACKED. We went late and kind of on a whim and so had to pay $20 cover but whatever. Literally, though, pressing your way through all those bodies was stressful. I thought the size and different levels were cool but I wasn't nearly drunk enough to enjoy it all. . . The dance floor was a nightmare. Don't get me wrong, I had a good time, but there were SO MANY BODIES. And a couple incidents. Like some nearby rando definitely snuck his hand under my skirt and then smirked to his friend about it. And I got cornered by this black guy who wanted to do the most ridiculous dancing ever. On that note, if it weren't for the creepers/crowd the dance floor would have been my favorite in Vegas so far. There were crazy lights and if I remember correctly maybe even bubbles floating down from time to time. That and I was really feeling the music. . . By the end of the night, though, I was so exhausted and delirious from my aching feet that when this guy walked up to us minutes after we left I immediately snapped "What did you say?" when in fact he hadn't said anything at all yet, even though I would swear to this day that he had. He was all butt-hurt and walked away and I didn't even have the energy to feel bad about it. LOL oh well. Then outside the hotel some short a-hole named Amillion (I kid you not) spent like 20 minutes hitting on me/trying to get me to come back to his room at the STRATOSPHERE. Yeahhhh I'll pass on that buddy. . . Overall: . Dancing + Music + Venue = yes. Creepers inside + Creepers outside + TOO MANY PEOPLE = no thanks. . But worth a visit if you ask me.
This place is fun... good music but way too crowed they should have a better system here. lines r long to get in, go to the bathrooms & even getting out of the club. . The restaurant is nice, good atmosphere good food , good drinks a bit pricey but not terrible.
I've been to TAO twice before, and the first time I was being followed by security because they saw me take off my heels, and were determined to not have me do it again. They even followed me to the bathroom and made sure to tell me befor the door closed. Yeah, I might have been a hot mess from too many drinks (Lol) but that doesn't mean security have to be such a-holes. . . Anywho, the 2nd time I went I had more fun. It is extremely crowded on the main dance floor, but since TAO beach is open now, my friends and I were able to get out into the open air, and relax our feet out there. I like the decor, and the ladies in the bathtubs with the rose pedals when you walk in, but besides that, it was alright.
Honestly, I had higher expectations from TAO considering the number of times I had heard its name and how it was one of the Vegas hotspots.  Now don't get me wrong, it's not a BAD club.... They definitely knew how to make things SEXY with nearly naked women in bathtubs, S&M-type women-feeling up on each other by the entrance, a woman suspended from the ceiling while confetti fell onto the dance floor, and the hottest gogo dancers I've seen.. . However, I just wasn't feeling the layout of TAO or the crowd.  Honestly, it was like I was back in Houston in Asiatown.  For midnight, there were entirely too many people who had been over-served who were getting rowdy and spilling stuff and falling onto my group of ladies.  The layout of TAO was also a bit awkward.  You first pass through a huge lounge with tables and a bar before getting into the main room.  In the main room, the bar is all the way back, but you have to maneuver your way through stand still crowds and past an elevator before you can even spot it.  There's a small dance floor and an even smaller strip of a balcony.. . This place just seems overrated to me.  There's far too many other clubs in Vegas to try to be hung up over coming here.
This place isn't worth the line anymore, especially on a friday night and they close off the roof top to Tao Beach.. . This club was sooo hot when it opened. Now it's not, but it does get the job done. Get Drunk and Dance is the objective. And my mission was completed.. . Ladies, you are better off getting VIP Front of the Line wristbands from Vegas.com for $50 you stand in the VIP/Hotel Guest Line, admission is covered for both Tao and Lavo and you get one hour of unlimited house drinks at Tao (10pm-11pm) and at Lavo (11pm-12pm). There is still a bit of a wait though... we got there at about 10pm and waited approx. 20 min. We stood by the bar from 10pm-11pm and drank as much juiced down alcoholic drinks as possible.
This place is really fun.  It's pretty much a novelty club with hot asian girls in giant bathtubs.  Its cool to experience once, but I don't know if I really would want to go here every night.  I don't really feel like fighting the massive crowds.  I got in with no hassles.  My group was 2 guys and 2 girls.  I was surprised that I didn't have to pay, but my other guy friend did.  Dumb.  Either way, we didn't have much of a wait which was nice.  Our girls definitely didnt get any free drinks other than the ones we bought for them.
Tao was once a Las Vegas hotspot and still has its moments. It still is consistently decent albeit not what it was back in 06-07. If they have a good talent element it still can be worth a stop by.
Review for a popular Vegas club - Short and sweet:. . Asian theme club.. . Buddha statues.. . Girls in little black dresses.. . Gogo Dancers that rise out of the stage (or something of the sort... can't really explain/remember).. . Vegas prices.. . Fun times. Will be back again.
Tao Nightclub:. . The decor and atmosphere here at Tao is tops in Vegas. with the bubbles they shoot over the crowd, or the girls that stay in the tub in the main hallway. a lot of musicians come out to Tao and perform a chorus just for kicks too. . . there are Multiple levels, one being the roof which is a wide open space.. . at the end of the night when the crowds start to come out they give out free slippers to the girls because they know their feet must be killing em.. . The thing that just kills it for me with Tao is how ridiculously crowded it gets. Literally shoulder to shoulder, swimming through a sea of people to get where you need to go. It's impossible to really dance on the dance floor cause it's packed, not in a good way. That and the main hall can a bit dark.
So let me just start out by saying that I have been to Tao 3 times! The first time here and my first time in Vegas, was fun. The music was good, it wasnt too crowded and I got in free. Good times. I returned the same weekend on a Saturday and it was crowded and the music was the same stuff they played earlier that weekend. The highlight of that night was the super nice bouncers who let me sit in VIP when my heels were killing my feet. I would have given this place 4 stars if it wasnt for my last visit.... . Let me set the scene, it was summer time so naturally the clubs are gonna be packed but OMG, I felt like I was being smushed to death and im tall. I literally had to push and squeeze my way out of the crowd! To top it off they were playing the same music I heard the first time I visited..booo!! Also DJ Pauly D from Jersey Shore was there. Not sure if he was the reason for the crowd but im thinking not. At this point we had enough and my sister and I left. I was so disappointed and annoyed!
Tao may have been the business back in the mid 2000s. But this place has been overthrown by nightclubs like XS... This place had its moments and great times, but now this club is a just small, overcrowded, overrated night club. I guess the creators realized this, and therefore made Marquee Nightclub!
I really thought TAO was gorgeous inside. We had free entry - except our guy cuz we were a lil late but that's ok it wasn't that much for him- and free drinks for four girls! Not bad! Wanted to stay longer but we were hoppin free clubs that night and who am I to say no to a good time? We didn't wait long in line either. I'd suggest contacting a promoter before going to TAO. It's also HUGE. I prefer big to small though. I did not feel cramped here, but some of the rooms felt too empty.
This place is CRAZY! I came here with some girlfriends on Memorial Day weekend, Friday night. SO SO crowded that I didn't havethat great of a time. I'm sure I would've loved it on a less crazy night, if that existed at the Tao.... . We got approached by 2 promoters who said they'd put us on the guest list, but when we got there....well, I guess we got tricked or something. But the big man with the clipboard was nice enough to let us in anyway (thank you thank you!!). Lucky for us, because even though we got there early, between 9 and 10pm, even the line with the pretty ladies had to wait for a while. The regular line....I wasn't even sure where it ended! . . Got in for free and got our wristbands for free drinks, but the bar was so crowded we literally had to push our way to the bar.. . Tao is a beautiful venue. I love their decor with the bathtubs and rose petals. The music was pretty good; they had their resident DJ, which the guys at front said they have every Friday. The place is pretty big, with more than one room, more than one dance floor. But it was so hard to get around!! Both dance floors were packed, no room to dance whatsoever! Seriously, if I didn't have such high heels on, I prolly would've gotten stomped on all throughout the night!! But then again, my feet killed in those shoes, so I guess I paid the price anyway. And there's no place to sit :(
I came here this past thursday. Me and my friends (4 girls and 1 guy) were all able to get in for free. But we were put on the guestlist through a promoter.. . The nightclub is really dark and mysterious. We went on a night where there was a bunch of old guys (us being 21-22) and it wasn't really fun. Some people like this place, some people dont. It wasn't packed like sardines on a thursday, it normally is on Fridays and Saturdays. I would suggest trying this club out just to try it out, but I don't think I would ever come back here.
10.15.10. . Kim K.'s birthday.  Lines out the door, spilling out over several entrances.  Promoter friend to the rescue.  Got escorted to separate line, all girls, no cover.  Free well drinks before 11:00.  I couldn't complain, given the situation.. . After drinks, got escorted into roped off, VIP area (to the side of the main dance floor).  Even with that, Tao was packed to the brim.  I was not having a great time.  Neither was the bachelorette.. . Had to bounce before Kim K. showed up.  Hope you had a good birthday nonetheless!
Very sexy club. Lots of space. You can go up to the pool on the roof to get some breathing room. But the walkway to go to the porch/bar on one side of the room IS THE DANCE FLOOR. They won't let you walk through the bottle service pathway. So you are kind of screwed if you want to smoke a cig. The club is very pretty though. Definitely recommend getting bottle service for this venue.
Not really a huge fan of clubs, but when in Vegas.... . Pros:. . The place is huge and there are a bunch of different rooms so you can always find somewhere that plays your music of choice. There are a number of different bars, but they still tend to have pretty long lines. I really like the lounge area, it's a great place to stop for a quick drink before heading out on the town. . . Cons:. . Tao is always considerably more crowded than any other club in Vegas. It's impossible to move around inside of the club, so moving to and from the bar is a pain. The line to get in can be ridiculous if you don't plan ahead and get on the VIP list. . . Overall Tao is always fun, but I definitely prefer the clubs inside the Wynn.
Tao reminds me of that great guy friend that will never entice you enough for him to leave the "friend zone."  He is dependable, consistent, great, but not your first choice.  I'm sorry to let you down Tao.. . Ambiance:  Dark, Asian, temple-like.  Ladies in bathtubs.  Guys like that.  Boobs barely covered with petals.  Awesome right.  Yea I don't care.  There is a staircase to get up to the actual dance floor.  The bottom floor is the lounge and restaurant.  The bathroom is up some stairs too.  Drunk girls in heels beware.. . Music:  Mainly hip-hop and top 40s music.  Nothing too weird.  Can feel like you are listening to the radio but it is always fun to dance too.. . Dancefloor:  Tiny ass floor and usually you end up feeling like cattle being herded.  I don't know how many times I have been stepped on in Tao.  One of my friends refuses to come here anymore because it is so packed here.. . Drinks:  I usually get free drinks with the bracelet that the promoter gives us.  Ladies drink free before midnight?  I forgot.  But we usually get tons of drinks... makes the night fun.  The Asian bartender in the back is amazingly fast at mixing the cocktails.  He is the gem of this club for sure.. . Guests:  There are usually a guest visiting which makes it fun.  I saw Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian here which was cool.  Khloe said the make sure to wrap it up tonight, lol.. . I love dancing and I love going clubbing.  So I won't object to going to Tao at all, unless... something else comes up.  I would hate to waste a precious night on an oldie but goodie if I can try out some place new.  But Tao has a special place in my heart... it was the "hot club" when I turned 21.  Sigh, the good old days.
I saw a group of people here that were in their 60's (but that was at 9pm). . you might as why I came here at 9pm, it was simply to beat the crowd.. . I would come here again, I can't say that the crowd was as hot as XS, but I liked it (even better that I didn't have to pay a cover :).....). . 3.7 stars
I really wanted to like Tao. It was my first clubbing experience in Vegas.. . I love the decor and theme.  The buddha, the girls in the bathtubs, the restroom doors you have to lock to make opaque are all fun.  . . Unfortunately it gets wayyyy too crowded and the crowd was just ok.  We won't be back.  Head over to the clubs at Encore/the Wynn instead.
This is my fallback place anytime I am in Vegas, not because it's not good but I try to make an effort and go to a new place every time I go. If we don't get in we always head to TAO because girls get in free...keeping the ratio 2 girls to every guy. This works out for the guys (if they get in). Tip: get there early and get drunk
I'd give tao 3 1/2 stars if I could, but I just don't think it's quite worth four stars.  Came to vegas for my 21st birthday and got on the guestlist at tao. The lines were well-organized which was a plus and the wait was about 15min.  My girl friend and I were free while my guy friend was $30.  Inside, my girl friend and I got free drinks at the bar from 10:30-11:30 which was awesome, but the bartender spilt a full drink on me :( The decor at tao is pretty sick, but rather dark and too crowded.  Overall, I liked it, but I think it's overrated considering all they hype it gets.
Holy cow I am getting old. My best friend came into town very unexpectedly and needed to blow off some steam. No worries...i've got this covered. Now mind you...I RARELY go clubbing and I don't really know where all the cool spots are. I begged my manager at work for help because I really wanted to show her a good time. He directed me to Ceasar at Tao Nightclub. If this review was strictly about Ceasar...then it would be 5 stars. He was so sweet and guided us to the right place to be. I can't say the same about his co-workers who barked at me to move to another line....so rude...but I was respectful and did what I was told.. . We get into the club...no problem (thank you Ceasar) and trek up the 3 flights of stairs (so bummed...I just had finished my leg workout that morning and was already quite sore). There are two sides to the club...the hip hop side and the house/techno side. We headed to the packed hip hop side where we had to wait a bit for drinks (its all good...the poor girl was slammed but was very nice). Drinks are pricey but what isn't at a nightclub. We were packed in like sardines so we made it over to the house side. It was much better but there were a lot of skeezy old dudes about my dad's age scamming on the young 20-somethings (I guess that's pretty common in Vegas). . . We had fun but it made me realize how much I like a chill dinner out with a relaxing drink at lounge....like I said...I'm getting old.
one word... --- PACKED. . super tight place if tao beach isn't open. when i say tight i mean body to body with no room to move, let alone dance.  if tao beach is open then this place is the place to be!!
It was a Saturday night and the music was NOT poppin'. Sorry ladies but after my experience at Surrender with DJ Steve Aoki (Fridays only!), I could NOT stand the top 50 music playing over and over again. Believe me, it was terrible.. . Luckily, I browsed through a few reviews and they do play music that I like, like 90s hip hop music. Hm, not bad. I love 90s music.. . Anyway, as others have mentioned, this place is too crowded. The two times I was here, it was so packed. The upside was that there's a special platform somewhere near a bar that were ladies only. I think. And that was good. My friends and I hung out with other girls and danced the night away. We also got one wrist band for free drinks for an hour, and 1 more ticket for a free drink. Sweetness right?. . I think I love TAO for the free drinks and for letting me and my girls skip the lines. But other than that, I think it was nothing special, and quite honestly I think I will be reviewing nightclubs in Vegas based on my experience, not really on service.. . Womp womp.
I got to go Vegas on my 21st b-day. Woot Woot. This place was the first stop when we got to Vegas after checking in and stuff. It was quite classy. There were so many people. They have a restaurant downstairs and a nightclub upstairs. The food was alright but it was real expensive.. . The nightclub was crazy. If you like getting tight and being touched by others. This club would be the place. There was SO MUCH people. People squeeze in so close to dance. They were quite touchy too. I hated one thing, and it was that they allow people to smoke in there. It really annoyed me.. . Oh yea, the restroom was confusing. They only had "ying" and "yang" labeled on the restroom doors. My friend and I didn't know which was female. Then this group of girls also was clueless, then some of them opened one of the doors and found it was the women side. Then one girl opened the male side and then came back out. My friend then told me later, there was statue by the door to determine if its the male or female side because they were naked. I cracked up when I saw it.
MM, I'll have to go with a "Meh" with a side of A-OK. It wasn't great, but it wasn't horrible either. We were on the guestlist, had tons of trouble getting the boys in for free even though we had an even ratio of guys to girls, finally got in and we couldn't even move through the crowd. I thought Pure was crowded, but dang, Pure's got nothing on Tao. The only dancing I did here was from the swaying and pushing from everyone around me. We stayed less than 2 hours before calling it quits. I want to dance dammit! Not be a human tissue paper for everyone's nasty sweat! Watch the people around you carefully if you don't want to get drinks spilled on you. I don't get people and their "drink-over-the-head" thing. Hey, I'm right here, I know I'm short, but I know you can see me!. . On the plus side, I do like the decor of the place, layout's kinda funny, but open bar for ladies before 10pm is always nice and if you decide you want a breath of fresh O2, you can always nudge the bouncer to open up the velvet rope for you to let you dance on the platform. They'll gladly oblige.
Maybe I went there on an alright day. It's a great nightclub when you have a table but the dam music just ruined it. There was ONE room out of the entire club that made it okay...but it was far from where I was at. Oh and lady's (even gentlemen) if u have on some uncomfortable shoes, be prepared to and bring some fold up flip flops because the bathroom is WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY over there lol
If you like Asians, go here... If you're going to bother them incessantly, don't go here. If you see a group of girls dancing and they aren't looking at you, smiling at you or giving you the time of day... Leave them alone. . . Tao is overcrowded but I try to stay in the small room section bc honestly, not all girls are there to meet guys... They are there to dance and... That's it. Dance. . . It used to be the top spot, but It has gone down in the rankings but I still have a good time here. . . Drinks typical ... Overpriced but eh. TypicalVegas,. . Decor: Asian style.. . Music: pretty good. They play mainstream which is good and you know the lyrics already to sing along and dance.. . I think it's good to go to still to dance but I think bring a guy if you don't want to be bothered for the girls... Lots of nice guys out there but a lot more creepers.
I went to Vegas with my company and the company chose Tao to have our company dinner.. . If I were truly honest with myself, I'd have to say it was an overall okay experience. Decor was excessive and obnoxious (it's Vegas), ambiance was pretty nice, and the music wasn't too loud. The food was okay, but we had a large table and it took a long time for the appetizers to come out. Then it took even longer for our main dishes to come out, and then dessert followed immediately. I understand that it was a large group of people, and I think the waiters really did the best that they could. I thought the food was pretty good, but I don't mind eating elsewhere next year.. . I will say, the drinks are pretty good. They had a lychee martini that was delicious. And their mojito was awesome... it even had a straw of real sugar cane sticking out of it. And their fortunes (not within cookies, but folded up strips of cut out paper) were pretty funny.
Yeah, Cathy Y. is not far off.  If you are a group of single girls, you should have no problem getting in and free.  The trouble starts once you are in and some really dirty guys are all up in it.  But how you choose to deal with that situation is up to you.  Some girls like eurotrash and Saudi kings in Vegas on vacation.  No problem, you will love this place.  . It is truly ginormous. (OMG, that passed spellcheck, is ginormous really a word?)  The atmosphere was unique and fun and I appreciated all the different music areas. While the drinks are pretty good at the bar (pricey of course), avoid the shot waitresses that come around.  Those things are straight pucker and only 8% alcohol.. Bottom line, if you are a group of single girls.  You can just show up (getting a VIP pass ahead of time is a good idea) and have a great night dancing and bouncing around to all the different clubs.  However, if you are with a group including guys, it might be worth getting a table.  Quite a hefty price tag but some of the tables in the place are in stellar locations for dancing and watching all the action.  Others are more removed and not worth whatever they cost.  The Vegas club scene is not my favorite way to party the night away, but it definitely is for some people. Spend some serious money and have some serious fun.
The coolest part of TAO Nightclub are those bathtub girls by the entrance. . . This is one of those clubs that I went to and will say "Okay... Been there, done that." . . There's 3 floors, but it's relatively small. I personally hated the room with all the Buddha in there. Kinda freaked me out when I was roaming the club drunk. Music was good, but the biggest problem with this club is that IT'S TOO CROWDED. . . I guess you should come here just to say you have been to TAO before, but I can definitely think of other spots I can party at in Vegas without feeling like a canned sardine.
Been here way too many times. There are good days and bad days. First time I went we had to wait an hour before getting in. I think that's because we were in the general admission line with a few guys. The last time I went, line was super long but once the security saw me and 4 other girls leave the line he told us to wait then walked us right to the front and we got in within a few minutes. If you have bottle service, you will have no problems getting in. . . They restaurant has good food and if you eat there you can get into tao faster than if you waited outside. They play so-so music, sometimes i hear replays. There are different rooms and the main roon has a really small dance floor and alof of times it's just jammed packed. Overall if you haven't been you you definately should go and give it a try. This place have good vibes
We went there for one of my girl friends' bachelorette party on a Friday night.. . The Good:. 1. We walked in right away because we were put on the VIP list that afternoon. So no charge or wait. BIG plus!. 2. Good music to dance to! . . The Bad:. 1. So crowded; in fact if you don't have a table, expect to be pushed around . 2. People smoke everywhere! Yike!
I've been to a lot of clubs in my lifetime, but this place was OK. it was so packed and crowded.. u didn't have room to dance. I know this is vegas but i've never had to pay $15 for a little drink in NYC. the music was ok, but what caught my attention was the fact that there tubs in the middle of the dance floor on platforms. That's cool.
After waiting in line & finally getting in the crowded venue, it wasn't long until one of my friends realized that she had misplaced her wallet near the bar.  (no bueno).  I don't think we ever got to enjoy dancing on every floor.  The decor is nice I suppose... statues & red lights... flower petals floating in water... candlelight.  I wasn't ready to leave the nightclub that night.  I felt like it could have offered so much more.  Till next time I guess...   I feel like there are other clubs nowadays I would much rather go to - if you're basing it off of who is performing that night.
MASSIVE club in the Venetian. The decor of the club, like the hotel, is gorgeous. The line was super long out the door, but we were able to skip the line and join our group inside. Doesn't hurt if you're a pretty lady. . . Super hot girls in bathtubs with rose petals and doing some crazy acrobatic poses along the walls. Music was on point, but it is beyond loud and overcrowded here. I could barely move, much less dance. Finally decided to move to the lounge area when this drunk dude stood near me, swayed a little, and actually leaned forward and tried to sip my jack and coke lol. Too much for me, I had to go. . . Apparently alot of celebs go there and Nelly was performing that night but honestly, I had no idea until the next day.
There was only the three of us with my twin brother and I celebrating our 22nd Birthday. We arrived at the club close to midnight before it hit our real birthday. There was a huge line right in front of the entrance and immediately I thought, "Crap, here I'll be in line celebrating my 22nd Birthday waiting". Luckily for us, one of the security guards told us that we had to get on the Guest List line on the other side of the entrance. Apparently, I didn't get the memo that they only allow Hotel Guests from the Venetian to enter the club. I freaked out a bit and another security came up to me because I was visibly upset. He said that he could get me in the club for the cover price of us all paying $50 each. So for a second I thought, Screw it I'll just take the offer because it beats trying to find another club nearby. A few other people seen him negotiating a deal with me, but who cares I got in less than 15 minutes lol. He called the Tao Club Owner to meet us by the ATM machine and therefore we were greeted to the front of the line with our now "VIP Tickets" in hand. Yeaaaahhh Boy! . . So let me just say that once we got in the main floor upstairs, it was SUPER SUPER crowded. There was hardly any room to walk with people literally being elbow to elbow. So, we instead went to another room which was pretty small but good enough for us to find an area to dance. The room was pretty lively and there we were set off to dance. The drinks are what you expect because most drinks in Vegas at the bar are above the $9-$15 range. We danced and this dude bumped into me pretty hard. I guess he thought I was going to hit him or something do he extended his arm to give me a handshake, lol. We exited out of that room since they closed it pretty early. Got back to the main room and met a couple of people. The drink servers were pretty friendly as well, so they got a few good tips from me. Then here comes the motherload! The security tells me to step aside for a bit because someone was coming through. So happens it to be Ron Artest which I thought was pretty cool. He wasn't there for that long and maybe stayed there for like 30 to 45 minutes. The crowd was dying down around 4 and we left as the Club was heading to a close.. . So far, I would say theres probably way better clubs out there than this one. It was way too many people and not much room for dancing. Maybe if you find like a more open area you will have a good time. I had a pretty good time, but overall the Air Bar in the Stratusphere was well worth it. Maybe because we stayed in that Hotel. Not a lively atmosphere as Tao, but we brought out the liveliness to the Bar. Super Fun!! I think I should start my review on that one. Anyways, not much of a review just a summary of my first experience there. See ya! Greetings from Stockton, Cali!
A very spacious venue but people are packed in like sardines in a can.  There's hardly any space to walk around let alone room for dancing.  The line to this club wraps around and if you come late, you probably won't get in unless you: 1) tip the bouncer, 2) get in with a bunch of girls if you're a guy, or 3) ditch your guys if you're a girl.. . Last time I came here, I ate dinner and got a stamp to get in.  That's actually the best option.  You just need to spendabout 30 bucks a person on dinner and you can cut the line and get in for free.. . This club used to be better way back when.  Now, it's just overrated.  There are way better clubs in vegas with better music, venue, and people.
I finally had the opportunity to go to Tao last night for a quick bite and the experience wasn't all that I had expected it to be, honestly.. . It's a trendy, dimly lit, noisy restaurant nightclub.  I can only comment on the restaurant part because getting into the nightclub required queuing which we didn't have time.. . We sat in these long, curvy leather couches since there was 45 minute wait for a table because we didn't have reservations.  It took a while to find someone to take our drink and appetizer order.  The food is mediocre at best; my friend had chicken satay skewers and I had the tao salad.. . There were a lot of scantily clad women, all writhing to the music, some sandwiched by  men.  We were a little early, before 11pm, so by the time we left, I'm sure the place was really smoking.. . Hey, it's Las Vegas, so party on for those who want to be seen and wake up with a major hangover =)
In general, I don't go out to clubs all that often.  Pay money to get into a room that is way too packed and too loud that it needs to be?  Pass.  But in Vegas, it's almost a given that we have to go...so at least with Tao, it didn't cost as much as it could have!  . . In order to avoid eating somewhere and then coming back to a line, we ended up eating at Tao.  Beyond the convenience, it saved quite a bit of money too - rather than wait in line, you can go straight up to the club after exiting and then immediately re-entering so that they can check ID's.  No line and no cover for our party of 12?  Not too bad.. . The meal wasn't anything spectacular - okay, but pricey.  However, since paying for the meal was essentially the cover, it kinda made up for it in a way though.  Kinda.  I wanted to load up on some carbs drinking and ordered the Lobster and Kimchi fried rice along with the Angry Dragon Roll.  Pretty boring, I know.  Overall, the food was pretty lackluster, especially given the price.  The roll tasted fine, but it was like what you could find at just about any decent Japanese restaurant.  I thought the fried rice was lacking in lobster meat and  flavor, but the kimchi satisfied my craving for Korean food (could have been a bit more potent and spicy though).. . As for the club, it takes up a lot of space, but it wasn't exactly spacious.  The decor is nice and they have go-go "dancers" around to liven up the place.  In the apparent main room though, the VIP section is almost right in the center of everything, so navigating around was difficult with all of the people.  At least they had a couple of bars going so that we didn't ever have to walk too far.  As more people started filing in though, we ended up going upstairs and spending the rest of our night outside by Tao Beach.  Despite being a hot summer night, it was still cooler outside than it was inside.. . No huge problems with Tao, but having gone to XS on our second trip (Tao was on the first), I'd rather go back there or check out somewhere new than hit Tao again.
It was a Friday and they already started closing parts off around 2:30am. Are you kidding me?  The entry line is weird. It is sectioned off into 3 different waits or something. The wait to get in totaled about 20 min. The usher letting us in was shady. He let people behind us in before us. Shady. Boo... Oh well, at least we got in FREE. . . We were dancing on the second floor, but I missed out on seeing the ladies with pasties, dancing in petal-laden tubs. Sad face... Lol. . . Now when I heard this was the Asian Invasian club in Vegas, they were not kidding. It was like all the college Asian parties I've ever been to were happening all at once. That's how many people there seemed to be. It was crowded in there! The dancefloor was way too congested so we spent most of our night by our VIP table. Lol. . . Now my favorite moment was an odd one. I was walking to the bar and some cute dude pinched my nose and smiled at me, then he disappeared into the crowd. That was really funny. . . Crowd was mostly late 20's or 30's, diverse but a whole lot of Asians. Music was the latest techno/house/top 40 remixes. LOVED the music!
First of all: this place was all hyped up with EDC weekend in vegas a few weeks ago. The line was balls-out nuts insane and looked around the escalators. I couldnt even tell where the end of the line was with so many people crammed up in line with bouncers trying to regular and girls letting their girls cut the line when they arent looking.. . After going inside, I was happy to see that its three levels. the Bottom level seemed so dead, why were people even there? I guess for the top 40?. . The 2nd level with the huge look around bar was decent. But you have to go all the way or around or squeeze through the crowd near the bar to get to the dance floor area. Then they have this area thats closed off and girls only apparantly: BS. . . you're lucky your drinks are somewhat cheaper than all the other nightclubs. $8 beers and $13 drinks here and there isnt bad at all. with ATB DJing that night, it def made it better. But damn, this place was so damn crowded and it was so hard to get around, it was frustrating.. . the place is nice, but not that nice. This would be one of the last nightclubs on my mind if i was to choose between 4 other ones.
I've been to Tao a bunch of times now. Last time I was here thought it was stupidly crowded but we got free drinks, and comped cover. I'm still always fascinated by the frosting bathroom doors, but hey maybe that's just my inner nerd. It's cool that they give you sandals so you can take off your painfully high heels as you stagger back to your hotel room. The cause of that staggering may not be as clear. Anywho, Tao's a standard as a Strip nightclub, but I would say there are better options out there.
Good food, but I do remember it being better the first time I went. . I'm not sure if the quality went slightly down or I have had a lot of good food the past couple years it just wasn't as good as I thought. . . We all had a variety of dishes from the filet mignon, sweet and sour chicken, thai noodles....stuffed shrimp and a dessert I can't remember. Nothing was bad but not the best and if not for the free club admission later I would say overpriced.. . . Lighting sucked for dinner - you prob wouldn't know you got served the wrong dish, until you started eating. Server wasn't there much and it was hard to get his attention but busser was around more so we used him to get drinks and such. . . The good thing about eating dinner is that going to the club later is free with no wait in line!
We had a lot of fun at Tao but it was really crowded. The promoter, Ric Ruiz was awesome. I notified him last minute and he was able to get us in the guestlist. We really appreciate that!!! Girls had free well drinks for an hour and the bartender hooked us up a lot. . The only thing I have to say is that it is way too crowded there. I went with 9 other people and we barely had any space to dance. We circled for a long time into each rooms to find our spot. We left early (usually I would stay till 4am at XS) because there was too much people and there wasn't enough room to breathe.
Went to Tao nightclub on a Friday and it was freakin packed! No room to dance on the main dance floor!? So we left and went tot the smaller room and it was dark in there but they played good music! Hate how there was so many stairs to get up to the club and to the restroom! We stayed maybe 2 hours only just cause we got on the Glist and didnt have to pay so didnt care to leave early!
***Tao Conundrum***. . 1. Enter club. . 2. Security asks hot girls if they would like to dance on the ledge by the main dance floor. . 3. Vain girls accept offer to shake their money maker. . .                                         ILLUSTRATION. .                        ==========================.                                               Hot Girls.  ==========================.                         x     x              x            x            x.                             x    x      Dance Floor    x  xx x  .                          ?????????????????????????.                                         35+ year olds.                         _________________________. . . The music is good (top 40 mashes) with no house / trance junk.  So if you are with a group of friends and aren't concerned about spitting game to baby boomers you're in good shape.  Seriously I saw people that looked 10+ years older than my dad (no disrespect)...and they were asian so that means the actual age was really 20+ years older!. . Things to know:. 1. 3 lines.  If you're a guest of the hotel always go in that line even if you're on the guest list.  They will check that line first and let you in much faster.  . 2. Guys can get comped for free so plan ahead. 3. They give you a free voucher for Tao Beach. 4. They may have open bar from 10:30 - 11:30 for ladies (we went on a saturday night non holiday weekend). . Conclusion:. The clientele is old....err "mature"....so go without expectation to see a young crowd.  Otherwise, strap on your beer goggles and have a good time because the music is enough.
Weird.. . My friend is having a bachelor party and the groom's party decided to cough up $1000 for a table here.  When I was informed of the price tag, I was not going to be satisfied with anything less than "getting high off the table". Well, we sure did get high, in elevation that is - our table was on the second floor. This is something akin to the emperor's box at the concert hall where you look down at common clubbers below with disdain. Now, for a thousand bucks, you'd think you wouldn't have to wait in a stupid line, but actually, we had to stand in a concise version of the regular, poor schmoe one. . . After getting through the elite line, we were whisked up an elevator to our luxurious mezzanine, replete with women's restrooms.  Restrooms with translucent doors. I exclaimed on arriving, "are those toilets?!". Yes, but apparently somebody changes the lighting when you go in to take a dookie so you can't see through them. Must be some European thing.... . Our grand table ended up being smaller than my coffee table.  Not even an Ottoman to put my feet up on.  The stupid row seat didn't even have back cushioning across the whole length. Our table attendant was a nice lady in her underwear with an over-sized chest. I dunno about her, but it would be awkward for me to have a polite conversation with strangers and take orders in my boxers. . . I walked downstairs to mingle with the peasants, and see why anyone would spend ridiculous amounts of money and wait 45 minutes in line to get in.  Why anybody would spend more here than at a concert hall to listen to recorded Lady Gaga music is beyond me. Is it for the dancing? Yes, if you think extending your arms out and bending your knees 15 degrees and bobbing up and down is dancing. The "main" dance floor is a claustrophobe's worst nightmare.  People pressed against you in every direction, women, men, old, and young, the weight of the world on you. . . I managed to walk the whole club in about thirty minutes. I only found one reasonable room in one corner with the holographic budha heads (throwback to the 70's hologram craze?).  They were playing some nice recorded top 40s music and you could choose not to be pressed by people.  The strangest thing I found were the friends of our table attendant, also in their underwear.  One of them had a mime act going, she was supine on a reclined chair and moving in some sort of slithering pattern.  Another two of her friends appeared to be in a bathtub on stage.. . What happens when you have more inebriated men than women? I found the answer to that after returning to my royal level, when a drunk male guest next to us decided to put on a dance show for me. Apparently, he didn't get the message from me when I turned my shaking head away in disgust and decided to do an encore. . . After two hours of this nonsense, I finished my red bull, with enough energy in me to return to Green Valley.  I give it three stars because I can't say it's worse than anything comparable since I can't recall any other club I've ever been to (albeit, not many) being any different.
- Nightclub Review -. . I've been here a couple times over the years. It's cool for a Vegas night club. Most clubs seem to have some kind of unique go-go dancer. Tao has their lovely flower-petal girls, who are seen semi-dancing while sitting in a bathtub. I say semi-dancing because all they really do is move their upper body while they sitting down. Sometimes there are two girls to a tub. It's definitely interesting to see.. . The dance floor is a big square that's in the middle of the room. During peak hours it gets really packed and there is no balcony to get a breather outside unless you go to Tao Beach up top. The lightening is also too dark and dim for a main dance floor. Maybe that's just the mood of the place, but I'd prefer to see who I'm dancing with.. . The space around the bar near the dance floor is always packed too. I like going to the bar located off to the side, in a little more private area where it's lit with bright blue lights. My friends and I grabbed a couple drinks at the first bar for our ladies, then ending up going to this blue lit area to dance because there was way more room to move. That corner was more fun for us because we had more freedom to move and hear one another.. . Going up to Tao Beach is suggested because it gets way too stuffy inside. If you're going with girls or you happen to meet girls, you'll get that chance at sitting in your own cabana, which is what happened during one trip I took. I have some good memories of this place and met some really cool people here as well. I've only been here during their busiest nights (Fridays and Saturdays) so I'd like to see how this place on a weekday. . . Not the best club, but it's good enough to entertain the club-crazed customer.
This is my first time back to Tao Restaurant exactly two years later and unfortunately I have to bring the stars down because we had to wait 1 hour after our reservations plus an issue with their dress code.. . But it's not their whole fault.  We called in at 5pm and they gave us a 10:45pm reservation.  When we walked up at 10:30pm, the group in front of me said that they had to wait over 30 minutes after their reservation.  I thought "Looks like we're going to have to wait a while." (party of 6). . And I said it's not their whole fault because two years ago we made our reservations 3 weeks in advance.  We made reservations at 7pm and we were seated at 7pm.. . The hostess at the front was great!  I'm surprised she could talk to me with a smile during the craziness that goes on here at Tao Restaurant!. . The food here holds up my stars.  I had the rare tuna with bean sprouts.  I've never thought much about bean sprouts but their bean sprout salad had this fresh, sour sauce that made me finish my salad before my tuna!  . . We took the dinner route like we did two years ago because we wanted to get into the nightclub.  Everything was going well until the bouncer did not let one of my friends in because he wore a T-Shirt.. . 4 stars to food and service, -1 star for 1 hour wait after reservation and dress code.
I've been to the Bistro before and enjoyed my meal, but this review is for the nightclub. This isn't a bad spot - the music was decent, and the crowd was okay, and we didn't have to wait in line thanks to a hookup. If you just want to enjoy a night of dancing, you can certainly do that at Tao.. . What took this experience down a notch for me, however, was a snotty female bartender. It was 3:30 and my girl friend and I needed to hydrate. She asked for a soda and I asked for two bottles of water. The bartender looks at both of us and goes, "Really? That's all?" as though we had insulted her by not ordering a cocktail. Yeah, bitch, really. Not everyone who comes to Vegas does so to get stupid drunk, although had I been either stupid OR drunk, I would have like you a lot better.. One of the girls in our group actually WAS crazy drunk, and this same bartender proceeded to mock her from behind the bar. The bartenders at Marquee and XS might have been cute enough to pull off attitude like this, but the bitch at Tao certainly wasn't.
Let me highlight some pro's and con's . . ****Pros*****. -Beautiful decor (lovely ladies in lil bathtubs adds to the exotic ambience) . -Great location (right on the strip). -Awesome bathroom (plays tranquil music and a woman was giving out free drink tickets if you signed her list). -You can take your drink and leave (they provide complimentary drink cups if you leave the club but still have your drink) . -Large space (lots of different sections playing diff types of music. . ****CONS*****. -WAY TOO CROWDED (there were lines everywhere you couldn't dance if you want to). -Lies Lies Lies (bouncers kept directing us to the wrong line& it was "hip-hop" night but Ke$sha was their idea of hip hop). -Horrible bar servie (bartender was only serving ppl with cash during open bar which sucked cus we missed out on free drinks. dumb ass coochie lipped bitch). -Wack crowd (ppl who cant dance, are too drunk, and annoying. you MUST come here already wasted to ignore the ridiculousness.
tao gets WAYYYYYY too crowded. so crowded that its kinda hard for you to enjoy yourself/ you wont be able to move AT ALL. . . i went on a friday night and they were playing hip hop music until about 1am and it became house music (not my fav). It was beyond crowded and most of the time i could barely even move.. . i like their dancers and how they have them "fly" across the dance floor but that's probably the coolest thing they have going for them.
Such mixed feelings.. I think yelp has it right at 3.5 stars.. . . sooo crowded! They usually play a lot of hiphop which is what I prefer to dance to.. but it gets so crowded and pushy in here you can hardly dance! . . The last time I was there, a famous house DJ performed.. so not only was I kind of bored with the music.. it was even MORE CROWDED.. literally when I went on the main floor I couldn't move.. or breathe basically.. I was sandwiched amongst random sweaty strangers and was literally at the will of the crowd in terms of movement. Thank goodness I'm not claustrophobic.. (not that it was a remotely pleasant experience) . . Sometimes the other room is a good option.. even though the lower ceiling makes you feel more cramped.. its definitely less crowded. . . I love the upstairs outdoor area.. unfortunately midsummer it is WAY too hot! :( But it is much less crowded.. lots of spots to sit and relax.. music is playing so you could dance, but not many people do. Its very pretty. Also, for ladies there is often drink specials if you go early (ie FREE well drinks) . . Bring your fellas, rotate bar tenders and be conspicuous about hand offs & you can get yourself and your whole crew plenty of free drinks!!  All the guys opt for redbull/vodka but I prefer the Pineapple&Rum or a Margarita. Both fairly strong, but still super tasty, especially for a free drink!  . . Convenient location if you are staying in the Venetian or Palazzo.. its much cheaper to preparty in your suite beforehand than try to drink here.. with the exception of the 'ladies hour.'
This place is always packed like a sardine can. It's nice inside and I love that it has multiple levels and access to Tao beach. The only complaint I have is that people who want to stand on the dance floor , theyneed to move their asses away from the crowd and stand against the wall. Seriously, this is a club where you dance Inside; not to stand in the middle of a club and not move. If you want to just stand you are better off going up to Tao beach to lounge or not to go clubbing at all.
came here for my birthday, i would be giving this place only 1 star, but the night club aspect of this saved it from that bad review. . first got there at 9:30, was on the guest list, 4 guys 4 girls, straight got told "we're not letting anyone else in for the night" SO LUCKILY i had a dinner reservation made at 11:30.  waited till 11:20 went inside gave us a buzzer, 11:45 buzzer goes off, 11:55 we get seated, everyone must order a main dish to get into the club so we did.  . . --Dinner--. i ordered the fillet mignon black pepper, and my friends ordered orange chicken. and another dish. got my order expecting a steak but it was stir fry with green beans and pieces of meat. honestly i felt like i was eating something made by a stir fry 101 class for beginners.  everyone else's food tasted like panda express, they gave us stamps to get into a line to get another stamp to enter the club. . --night club--. so as far as i knew there were only 2 parts to this club once you go up the stairs you have a choice to go to the left which had hip hop or to the right which had party rock, soo we picked the left sided area, all i gotta say is that tao is useless unless you come planning to get bottle service cus if you don't have bottle service you will be left dancing in the aisles and having the workers constantly pass you bringing bottles to the tables.... and every 2 mins there would be people with flashlights checking dress code. also, jager bombs were $16 shots were around 12 and watered down... so yeah....
Everyone hypes this place up but in my opinion its always 2 hot, 2 crowded, and way 2 much walking.  When you plan to wear 5 inch heels all nite the last thing you wanna do is walk.  The music is good for the most part if you can find a place to dance but the club gets so crowded you cant move which turns into sweaty guys bumping into to you, drinks getting spilled on you which all equal a not so great time.  You can go up to Tao beach to stay outside if its any cooler out there but beware you cant sit anywhere.  I just needed a lil break from my shoes and security was quick to tell me to keep it moving.  Then to top it off we had to wait in line to walk back down the stairs.  No thanks Tao i will go somewhere less crowded where i can get my boogie on with dry feet and an elevator/escalator!!
FIVE STARS FOR THE RESTAURANT. . TWO STARS FOR THE NIGHTCLUB. . Therefore, you get a THREE.FIVE STAR AVERAGE. . -----. . Let me start with the positives:. . I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE the food here. I had the Grilled Red Snapper with steamed veggies topped with a ginger kaffir lime vinaigrette.  The snapper was really fresh, flakey, and sweet.  All the flavors just blended so perfectly together.. . My boyfriend had the Crispy Coconut Shrimp with spicy Thai peanut sauce.  Need I say more?  It was delicious!. . We had a party of 7 people celebrating my baby's birthday.  Our waitress was awesome!  She was patient (thank God! We just kept ordering drinks!!) and attentive.  Awesome service.  . . One thing I will mention though, they did not offer any complimentary birthday dessert.. That was a bummer, but we still ordered a HUGE cream/custard filled fortune cookie for him :). . And!!!!  You can avoid the crazy line outside for the nightclub and get in for free!  I guess that's a perk... . Now to the negative:. . The club itself is a nice venue.  I've been here on numerous occasions, and it's just jammed packed every time.  I'm talking about shoulder to shoulder.. "I can smell what you ate for dinner"-type packed.  It's insane!  You can't move.. you can't dance.. you can't even get a drink!  What's the point then???. . I remember last year for Halloween,  Ashley Greene and Kellan Lutz from Twilight were there.... OMG.. I have never experienced such a crazy bombardment of people.. INSANE!. . Alright, well if you're a girl.. and you are there with a group of girls.. given that you are dressed nicely and look presentable.... some of the promoters will invite you to the VIP section.  You do get free drinks.. and you can dance on a little platform if you choose.... I guess it's not SO bad if you're there with girls.  . . Music wise.. it's mostly top 40 with some house/electro sprinkled in... they are definitely not house-focused (meaning they rarely - actually I don't think they ever have - host DJs for their performers like Marquee or Surrender).  . . Overall, it's not my first choice when it comes to Vegas clubs.  However, their promoters do a pretty good job at what they do, so it's easy to get in for free most of the time.  But.. there is always that dreaded line...
So So disappointed!  The only two things that impressed me were the flower petal girls--well, only the Scarlet Johannson looking oen at the entrance (HOT)--and the upstairs women's bathroom (you get your own room with a sink!).   . . I only chose Tao because of the VIP wristbands which gives you VIP entrance and all access to Lavo, Tao, and Tao Beach. Plus, they play hip hop. I figured that as long as we didn't have to wait in line, paying $150+ for these wristbands would be worth it. . . We still had to wait in line, which was about 30+ minutes. Not too bad, I guess. However, I missed the open bar that came with my wristband because I kept going to the wrong bar area and by the time I got to the right one, it was over. Real convenient, guys.   . . Despite my abhorrence to house/EDM, I prefer XS. Their setup and decor is so much better.
This is a 2 part review on both the Restaurant and the Club.. The restaurant gets my 3 stars-it's really very hard for me to find any mei fun on this side of the country, and it was absolutely DEVINE. Sooo good.. Waiter was very attentive and our drinks were constantly refreshed. I was never thirsty.. Yes, overpriced. . The ambiance is great and the music super loud.. We made a reservation about a week before arriving in Vegas, and had to change it last minute, as we were arriving later than expected. They accommodated our change with no hassle.. For those wondering how to get past the line..eat at the restaurant. You go right in, eat, and then you get access to the club with zero wait, and no cover charge.. . Ok so the club gets a big fat MEH from me.. It was seriously over crowded. I kept wondering if a fire broke out, or a fight or any instance where I may need to run for my life, my chances for survival were zilch. I could not move at all. It was sooo insanely crowded.. The music in the main room was awesome but forget enjoying actually dancing. Not possible.. After 90 min, we high tailed out of there. I'd had enough of being elbowed and pushed.. I think sardines have more room in their can than we did (are sardines even sold anymore)?! Anyway..forget it.. The female bathrooms are cool in the club, because you get your own room-HOWEVER, you have no paper towels in there, so you have to touch the nasty handle and get towels in the hallway?? eww. so gross.. I balled up a few squares of TP just to get the door open. Just seems very unhygienic.
Poppy is too staid to get into the idea of a place like TAO. . . It would have been great fun to see a Rachel Uchitel (sp?) type here but I suspect this place is no longer hot/cool and no amount of chubby young girls in overly short tight cheap dresses waiting to enter will convince me otherwise.. . Inside was dark and loud.  . . My review just says I'm old.
We come here pratically every year during our Vegas trip, mainly because we stay at the Venetian and it's convenient for us to run in and out.  The past visit to Vegas we had bought presale tickets for this place since it was a Halloween party and our group had a more guy to girl ratio so we didn't wanted to spend the evening waiting in line.  I must say though, paying that $20 for the presale ticket was a good idea. None of us had to wait in that line that wraps around the place and we all gotten in, in under 10 mins, even the guys.  . . Although, I must ask, why oh why must they have so many set of stairs.  Every time I come here, I have a Deena-from-Jersey-shore-moment, tumbling down the stairs.... . . Drinks here are pretty expensive but good thing they have ins and outs so we usually come a little early, get stamped and run back to our room and drink and come back and dance dance dance.
The place was packed and overflowing everywhere you walked.  We managed to accidentally walk into the VIP section near the dance floor and were able to get our dance on after gettng our drinks spilled on us by the herd of people and having stilletos jabbed into our toes.  If we hadnt found the VIP section, I would've hated being there.
Tryna hit up the clubs in Vegas and you can't go to Sin City without saying you went to Tao right?! Just so happens that the number 2 DJ in the world was spinnin on the night we went here and it was rididculously packed! They were doing bottle service for 3K... YES, you read that correctly, 3K for bottle service (basic bottles) just because there were THAT many people tryna get into this joint!. . We got in at midnight and boy was it PACKED! There are lots of sections for bottle service (sorry, hell if I'm payin 3K for ONE bottle just because the number 2 DJ in the world is here!)... so we just found our way to a bar, got some drinks, and danced where we could... . . It's SUPER hard to even walk in this place because it's SO busy. Plus you have to walk up/down stairs (ummm yes I'm wearing almost 5 inch heels!) but thank God I didn't eat it lol! . . The music was more techno than anything else... we stay for a couple hours and it was okay... maybe if they switched up the music a little bit and didn't just focus on one type it would've been better. The bar is ridiculously packed with not enough bartenders to accommodate the herd of alcoholics tryna get a buzz... hire more staff!!!. . All in all... HUGE club, fairly nice, okay staff... need more bartenders, turn up the A/C!!!... especially if you know your capacity is MAXED OUT... and not a bad place... still thought Lavo was better though!
My first time in Vegas with friends and not family, we stayed at the Venetian and for some reason never went to Tao! The second time we flew in Thursday night and went to Tao for Industry Night. We probably arrived around 1am and just walked up to the doorman. He asked us if we were on a guest list, we smiled and said no and he let us in (prob a combination of us being girls + industry night).. . The inside is Asian themed which is a little weird for me since I can actually read the Chinese characters pasted around the club. From what I remember there are 3 floors. We were on the second floor the majority of the time at a table. The table set up is a little weird because there is a velvet rope separating the dance floor with the table but it just gets annoying because you have to go all the way around to get to the other side and people just kept on pushing the rope around. . . The music was a good mix of top 40, house, hip hop...although there were some old creepers lurking doing some dance moves from the '70s. Not sure if it was because it was industry night or what but the ratio of cute guy to cute girl was heavily skewed. Guess that's how creepy old guy found a girl to dance with. Gross.
Tao was fun, but not my favorite. We arrived late, so maybe the crowd was already losing energy. The bouncers were sort of rude atfirst, but we made some light conversation and they seemed to like us after that and we were immediately let in. Could be better, the dance floor seemed small. The people in the VIP next to the dance floor were loner chicks looking to sit on their couch the whole night, so I think maybe they put a negative vibe into our evening. But we still managed to have a blast.
This club is really nice. The decor is amazing. But it seems like they let in way too many people past the fire code though. This is one of those clubs which you must get a table. If not you can't even move.
Nightclub review here. I went to TAO with a friend around 10:30pm. It was really our first time at a club. We saw a huge line winding around the front area where TAO is. Getting in however was free, fast and fun. We got all access tickets as we were part of the Rock 'n' Roll Marathon pre-party that was going on. I asked a bouncer which line we were supposed to be in, he placed us there, then waited for about 10 minutes. We got some pink wristbands, then were ushered in.. . The place was pretty packed! Decor was Asian-themed, lots of red and black. We got free drinks the night as part of the Rock 'n' Roll pre-party, though they were pretty iced up. But free is free.. . Maneuvering around the dance floor was a hassle. It was back to back full of people, but I suppose that's what a club is like. There wasn't much room to breathe.. . Would I go here again? Maybe not. I think one time is enough. There wasn't anything too special about this venue in my opinion.
I am not a club person, so I might be a bit biased, but if you are, this is probably a good one for you. It was very grand and very lively. The door staff was particularly nice to us and we all got in comped as guests of the hotel (both guys and girls) even though it was past midnight. No line wait necessary and it was great skipping it because it was long. Limited seating if you don't buy a bottle. If you are staying at the hotel, just make a reservation ahead of time to guarantee entry.
This club was super nice inside. They played some pretty cool music all night and it was super crowded. It was rev run's birthday party night here and omg this place was super super crowded like dang can a girl walk through without getting bumped and shoved! Well my friends and I had a pretty good time here at club Tao!!!
CROWDED. balls Crowded. CROWDED. Big CLUB in the Venetian. ITs a club that yea you should go see where the Celebrities party at, but if you aren't a celebrity than you should leave haha. Came here one time Jay Z was hosting or something. I saw him but he obviously didn't see me and didn't care that I was being squished to death in the crowd. whatever. Good thing it was still summer, and the beach area on the roof was open. Hot air and okay lounging area. Way too many stairs. There was problems with guest listing but whatever. me and my friends all got in free. . Second time I came here was for a friends' Birthday dinner. Made reservations for 9 30 .. surprise surprise didn't get seating until like 10 30 -___.-. thanks for the compliementary one drink for waiting so long. We missed open bar at the night club at this point. Dinner was okay. the food was good. but not anything spectacular. Lets just say I had a lot better and for less money. The place is beautiful , but its so dark you can't really tell. Thank goodness for nice people who let us in their bottle service. Next time, just go for open bar and leave. They really don't care about you .
We got tickets for Dash Berlin and were super excited to check out Tao. We never been to both Tao and Lavo in NYC so this was definitely something we were a little reluctant to do since there are many other nightclubs in the area..... . So let's start off from the beginning, the moment we got down from our suites, there was huge lines at 10.30pm!! Luckily the bouncers put us on some VIP lines (maybe he saw us holding our printouts), so we got in in about less than 10minutes. . . The place is really cool, gives you the wow factor. Few bathtubs on your way in, into the the dinner area, there is a huge buddha... and up the stairs, more lounges areas and buddhas.... into the club, that's where the party starts!!. . The have a big bar area near the dance area, very CROWDED even at 10.30pm!! Drinks are similar to NY price, so i wasn't surprised. Crowd was weird, i know it's vegas, so most people are wasted when we got there..... and yes i know it's vegas, but does every man needs to hit on you the second your man walked off to the men's room (and vice versa)?? creepy!!! . . Anyways, we were here for Dash Berlin, and he came on around 12:30am-1am.. His entrance was accompanied by a showgirl dancing over the top of the dance floor (yes she was FLYING from one corner to another!!) pretty fun for the drunk crowd! They also give you glow in the dark sticks or something that you can use to hit people who are on your way! Nice touch to the party. . Lastly, they have lots of douche bags bouncers, who would not let you take pictures or limit you to 1 picture... lame ass... and the best part of the night is we got our way all the way to the front of the DJ booth and got a superb view of Dash Berlin the rest of the night.... Key word for this place. CROWDED!!!
I can actually remember walking into TAO club this time!! Mainly because we didn't pre-party because FREE DRINKS til 11:30! SCOREEE!!! We came here to see Dash Berlin the other weekend.. . To get to the club, you have to walk through the restaurant and up the stairs. It's a trip if you're already drunk and you see people eating their dinner as you make your way upstairs to get your drink and dance on.. . The inside is very asian-themed. I remember it being dark and red silhouettes. Also a section with tons of candles(?) which is nice to take pictures. There are bathrooms upstairs and you can see people's shadows through the doors. I like how there are sinks inside your stall.. . The dance floor is always packed... and having a famous DJ spinnin, I wasn't surprised we were sardines. My sis and I got pulled into the VIP section where there was much more space to dance. I like how you can actually see the DJ since the dance floor isn't big. Lots of lights and also had confetti fallin from the sky once Dash Berlin hit the stage.
This club has been around forever and it isn't going anywhere soon (apparent from the minor remodels they've done recently). In it's prime this was the place to be but that's years removed now. At it's busiest, it gets so crowded and there is no place to go because the layout is so awkward that you just end up standing in one spot most of the night. . . Drink prices are on par with most other nightclubs in town. They do have an open bar early in the night for ladies on the guestlist so that's a bonus. Much needed since there are newer and better places opening every 6 months.. . The restaurant during dining hours is pretty good. It's pricey though and the portions are small. Last time I ate there I hit taco bell on the way home to fill up.
Get small plates - the sea bass & squab were pretty good and the duck spring roll sweet. The tempura avocado was OK but eat immediately while hot. I told them it was my birthday but this was not acknowledged in any way. Service was a bit slow. Prices were also quite high, even for Vegas - we paid $70 for three small plates & 1 tempura with tax & tip. The decor was very hip & trendy.
Scored VIP tickets for TAO and LAVO talking when talking to the people checking in our bags. We decided to go to TAO because we knew that it was like the Marquee back in the day. We ended up going REALLY late because half of my friends got to the hotel around 12 PM. Got to the club around...2 AM. Yeahh, Vegas. :). . Overall, it was pretty cheel. Interesting decor. Pretty darn Asian, but it wasn't...gaudy or anything. . . One warning to all the drunk girls out there: their bathrooms are TRICKY. It's like a glass door, and you have to turn the locky thing to make it MIST up! It's pretty cool really, but really confusing. I think the bathroom ushers were trying to tell me that that is how it worked but I just really had to pee so I just pretended I knew what they were talking about and nodded. Sigh. I wasn't even drunk, but I realized that I fell into their trap as I saw the aghast face of the usher...-_- sigh. Oh well, next time I know. Also, the bathrooms are on the 2nd floor right above the dance floor. Don't stand right on the edge talking/waiting for friends because people can see up your skirts. TRICKY TRICKY.. . Other than that, pretty good night. I liked the music alright and really enjoyed the fact that I could actually move around and dance. Pretty empty but it was really because we came REALLY late. It was a nice way to start off a Vegas trip. :)
I have a love-hate relationship with Tao. I'm always usually jazzed about going and once I get in, I love the feel of the place with its vast, temple like aura filled with young hot bodies gyrating in a hedonistic frenzy to thumping, pulsating beats. They also have an awesome terrace that overlooks the strip.....best place in Vegas to take a smoke break. And, saving the best for last: the girls soaking in bathtubs wearing next to nothing. The guy who gets to refill their tubs must be the happiest guy on Earth.. What I don't like is the seen and be seen attitude of the crowd here, which seems to be more important than having fun. The bathrooms are very poorly located and can be hard to fine and God help you getting to the bar to get a drink as you have to push and shove your way to get to both.. So I always wind up leaving before too long because this wears on my nerves very quickly. Not a reason to not check this out because a trip to Vegas without hitting Tao would be like going to Disneyland and not riding The Matterhorn.
This club is super packed and the DJ is amazing. My only complaint is that they need more bartenders to make drinks. There's no reason you have to wait like 30 minutes for a drink then pay 20$ for it. The upstairs bar is the worst! I love the music and the Asian theme with the buddhas everywhere. Me and my friends danced from 1030-4am! Would definitely go back...
Good music. Awesome decor and ambiance but had a small dance floor. Was really packed. Drinks were super expensive. Try and get on guest list to get free drinks for girls of you can. The line to get in wasn't bad either.
3.5 stars. . . Went with a group of friends this weekend for the open bar mostly. Guys got in for 20, which isn't that bad. Bouncers were a little rude for cover, not cool. . . TAO is really nice, appearance wise. Walking though the restaurant before going to the club did make me hungry. what a tease. . . Went early enough where there wasn't any issues of space. Our main goal here was drink, so we didn't get to explore the other dance floors, but that's okay, maybe next time. While most of the drink were aight, they made some pretty bad basic well drinks, and the wait to get a drink was long. Like come on, messing up a rum and coke? and waiting as much as I was dancing wasn't too hot either. But hey, was feeling really good after we left, so I'm not complaining too much, The music wasn't that bad too. Too bad we didn't know that dash berlin was playing that night. Well, bad that we didn't get to hear him play. good because we left before it got ridiculously packed. We were ale to dance with a great amount of space. and trust, with a group of dancers, we need our space. . . Overall, not a bad time at TAO. Guess I need another trip to really go exploring.
Went here to celebrate 3 of my cousins' 21st birthdays.... . Came here after club hopping from Studio 54...but I'll write a review on that later.... . One of my cousins was so eager to go to this place given it's popularity, (when in my head I was thinking...this place is way too crowded and overrated), but I gave in anyway since he was one of the birthday celebrants.... . Girls paid 20 for cover, and guys paid 30.... . We get inside, the first floor is crowded, but still able to get around without having to nudge people to move out of your way...we ordered our AMF's and up to the second floor we went...wadda you know...the place is effin' packed...literally no elbow room...we went around the entire place 3 times until we could find a place to dance.... . And even when we did find a place to dance...it still wasnt enough room to drop it like its hot, but rather than just rock side to side...lol...music was poppin' so I made the best out of that night. . Thank goodness my dress and shoes weren't ruined that night...I'm guessing peeps were smart enough to finish their drinks at the bar before hitting the dance floor lol.... . Overall experience was just good, wish it could have been greater...if it wasn't for the overcrowding...and ass grabbing...mehhh...
Again, I had high expectations. The design was beautiful. The balcony was breathtaking. The dancing, if any was horrible. There was no room. We were actually really upset because we wanted to enjoy it but it was literally shoulder to shoulder. That was not fun and the bartenders were not friendly. The place needs a bit moremanagement but I have to say that they are making their money because the place was super packed.
A Wednesday night.... . I've had better, but the saving grace of the eve was having bottle service with a super helpful (and pretty damn stacked) server and lots of personal space to have a haven from the long long long lines and overly packed floor.. . There is literally no place to get a good dance in and when you do find space, people are sweating all over ya. It seems like it'd be a fire hazard.. . Overall, get a table and get bottle service. Your money is better spent on a bottle rather than buying all the over priced/weakly poured drinks.. . 3 meh-meh-meh-meh stars out of 5
Other than bypassing the queue and got hooked up with a table and bottle service, it's not my scene. Security and staff very helpful.
Tao is one of the must-go places in Vegas though I feel like the place is too hyped up. Ended up spending most of the night on the top floor (Tao beach) because it got too hot and cramped downstairs. It was good that we got in for free from the guest list. . Overall, I like the atmosphere and the design of the club - lots of Buddha statues, Chinese writings and bathtubs full of rose petals. . My mai tai was good. I guess it would have been more fun to get a table reservation because then my heels wouldn't be killing me.. I was just so glad that it's located within a walkable distance from The Palazzo, otherwise I would have died in my heels.
Go just once. . . If you're an unusually beautiful girl or a very wealth man, then you'll be treated well. . . Its an interesting set up with the nekkid ladies in the bathtubs, busty cocktail girls and all, but it can really get packed.. . People get pushy and jerky, and you can't be a nice guy. Gotta push back. . . I'm probably over this stuff, because you pay money to be treated like crap if you're just standing in line to pay cover and buy a few drinks and dance a little. . . For the same price, you're treated like royalty at the restaurants. . . Go for friends or if you have a sadistic date, but you're not getting much out of it otherwise.
As far as Vegas clubs go, this place is one of the better ones. If you HATE the Vegas club experience you're not going to find much different here, but at least it will be tolerable.. . Why do I say this? Well as a dude I am privileged to consistently experience horrendous treatments at clubs everywhere, Vegas clubs especially. The women really got us by the balls don't they fellas? We have to pay $30 to stand in a sweaty, crowded space and get pushed around by assholes with earpieces. Sounds like a fun night to me.. . But I will give this place some props because I could have gotten my ass kicked ten times over the night I went recently, but the bouncers were chill enough to spare me that experience. What did I do to warrant such a potential beating?. - I'm pretty sure I stole some drinks from a girl who then complained to the bouncer. I think it was on accident .... - When I was asked to clear some space for a walkway on the balcony I refused to move and actually held a clenched fist up to the guy (I didn't realize he was a bouncer). - My lady and I somehow wandered into the "Employees Only" area and were walking around there for about 5 minutes.. . So thank you Tao for not having your meatheads beat me savagely. I hate clubbing, but if I have to club, I prefer Tao.
Whenever I'm in Vegas, I'm not dying to go to Tao. You should check it out if you've never been.  But if you've been here before, I'm sure you know there's nothing too special about it. Usually Tao is the better place to be on a Thursday night. For Friday & Saturday, there's better clubs.. . It's soooo dark inside! It's already hard to find people in a club in general, but the darkness doesn't help. Also, it gets SUPER PACKED in here! So packed that it's hard to move, better yet, dance.  . . On the plus side, I actually really like the music here. But that doesn't help when it's super duper packed. I like that there's multiple rooms & multiple bars.  . . Oh, I love it that ladies get FREE OPEN BAR from 10-11pm. That's ALWAYS a plus..especially in Vegas ;). . The guestlist line can get ridiculously long, so early arrival is advised.
We got bottle service here the first night we got there.  We got a table in one of the side rooms instead of the front and that probably made the night less exciting since it was a Thursday and not as packed.  The downside was the service compared to other Vegas clubs with bottle service.  I don't know if it was because they were so large, but we never saw our bouncer again after the first 10 minutes and waitress was spotty on coming back to check up on things.  The busboy was back every 5 minutes to refill and take away trash so that was good.  Overall the club is really nice and the music is good and we still had a good time.  It definitely has the vibe of one of those club parties you used to watch on E! Entertainment
I would put 2 stars, but my friends and I have a good memory there. Hilarious, but shall not be told. . . The floors are just so damn sticky! And the dance floor is crazy packed with people. Drinks are freaking expensive and the service is horribly slow. One of the bartenders gave my friend his cc back, but not his ID. Who does that?! D: Overall, it was OK though.
This review is for the club only.  We had bottle service (I wouldn't dare come here without it as it's too crowded).  We were in the first room not the large one with the stage.  The music was "A-OK"....the DJ kept replaying the same songs...or maybe we were just there too long.  The waitress and bar back that were "assigned" to our area were really cool, nice, and were constantly checking on us to make sure we had drinks, clean glasses, and mixers.  I'd come back here if someone else really wanted to but there are way better clubs in Vegas to not try another, newer one.
Been here a couple of time, I guess it's an ok place to pass your time.
This place is dirtay and huge. We got our freak on with some Buddha statues like Asian Madonnas. . . We got in free thanks to a promoter... Shortly after, we ran into a Bay Area promoter and also met another promoter who got us into Jet.
Crazy busy, crazy packed and a happening place, but I wouldn't go again without a table and VIP access as the line up outside was insane!
I like the look and feel of Tao. Big space for dancing, go go dancers, random women in bathtubs, and good music. When the weather is warm they also have a rooftop area open which also has a dance floor and bars.
Good drinks, the place is always too busy. The decor is excellent and always fun. This place defined an era for Vegas and still does so.
I finally went to TAO for the first time this Memorial Day weekend and loved it. . . Shout out to Mike C. for hooking my girls and I up for the VIP line pass. We got there around 10:30 and the lines were already crazy. Lucky for us, we only had to wait about 10-15 minutes in the ladies' walk-in line. . . When you reach the entrance, there's a bunch of small tubs filled with rose petals and candles lit making the ambiance very sensual. I also liked the fact that their stairs getting to the club is not ghetto like Marquee. Once you hit the club area, the entire place is spacious. Although, the downside is that even though it is a big club, it was OVERCROWDED. This was my first time experiencing a really tight squeeze at the main dance floor. I don't know if it was because of the holiday weekend or if it's just that crazy at TAO. I loved the fact that the DJ spun top40/hip-hop music and not so much house. DJ Vice headlined on Saturday night, and he was too great. Too $hort was randomly there too chillin' at the table next to the dance floor. TAO also has a smaller dance floor with a DJ playing old hip-hop, which was also pretty sweet. . . This club was a lot better than I expected. I'm definitely coming back for the music (hip-hop & top40 are my jams)!
This is a tough review for me.  I went here when it was the hottest club 4 years ago and just came back from there this past Saturday night.  How things have changed.  Well two things have not changed, getting into this place, the security is so disorganized you don't know where you need to go for table or general.  Each person is telling you something else.  The service at tables, isn't the best.   They come around when once in a while, so I don't even bother looking for them.  The security is good at the beginning, and is gone for the rest of the night.  I like to tip at the end, if they do a good job, I have no problem taking care of them, but our guy was looking for the handout right away.  This last visit, our table was on the dance floor in the hip hop room.  The DJ was decent, I would say equivalent to a hot SF DJ, but not good by Vegas standards.  No flow to the music.  Still very crowded and hard to get around, but not my scene.  Four years ago, I would've given it 5 stars, but now, harder to put up with the so so service and security.  So, the place is just ok.   FYI for the ladies, they have open bar from 11 to 12 for you ladies, so you can see they are having a harder time attracting girls.
To make it clear, Tao wins 3 rating for sheer decor!  Else minus 2 stars for being the most OVERCROWDED nightclub in the Strip, and i bet will leave a scar in your mind.. .  It was a nightmare on my both visits and now forced to say I HATE IT! Complete waste of precious time in Vegas when there are so many other nice clubs like XS and Tryst. The reason to hate this club is due to the overly packed dance floor, irrespective of long weekend or any regular weekend.  . . The first time wanting to check out this so hyped club in Vegas is forgivable. The decor is definitely worth giving a look. The huge Buddha statues, lighted candles and beautiful girls inside rose petal bathtubs, gives this place a great sensual feel.  No wonder Tao being my first Vegas club i was completely dazzled. The lounge downstairs is more relaxed, with great hip-hop music playing and the bar too is never too crowded. . . After a few drinks at the downstairs lounge we moved up the stairs to the actual dance floor and from here on things turn into nightmare. On both the visits the dance floor was so packed with people that there was no place to keep our foot. We tried pushing in through the crowd to get to the dance floor a few times, and very attempt was a failure. Got pushed in with the wave of people and thrown out with the crowd trying to get out. In the process got stamped,elbowed and trashed!!! HELL - this is more of a battlefield than dance floor!! . . The revisit to Tao for my friend's bachelorette the second time was sheer stupidity. Wanting to have a good time with my girl friends turned into a frustrating ordeal and had to come out of the club within an hour due to overcrowded dance floor. . . Lesson learnt - END of Tao in Vegas for me for sure! . . Note for the rest:. . 1. Cover is $20 for girls and $30 for guys. . . 2. If you are in the guest list get in before the guest-list closes at 12!! Else stand on the line and pay cover.. . 3. Visit Tao to experience the beautiful sensual Asian interior. Go early by 9pm when its not crowded and enjoy the FREE open bar for the ladies for an hour, think around 10-11pm. The lounge downstairs is more relaxed, best place to sit, grab a drink and enjoy the music.. . 5. Upstairs dance floor is the actual HELL pit after 11, so overcrowded that dancing is all about getting trashed!  If you want some leg shaking, go early and grab a spot on the dance floor for your group by no later than 11.. . 6. If you are in Vegas only for the weekend best advice would be to go to XS,Surrender or Tryst instead where you can breathe, dance and have fun.. . This is NOT the club for the ones who go clubbing for fun and dancing. Save your bucks for any other dance club babyyy!!
I visited Tao during my first trip to Vegas. Of the clubs during that visit, it was definitely the most fun. However, a few new clubs have opened since then, including Marquee at the Cosmo that beat it in a few key categories.. . Getting in was a huge pain. The line was ridiculously long and moved ever so slowly. We must have been on line for about an hour or so, and this was on a weeknight! The day we went, girls were supposed to have open bar until a predetermined time (can't remember if this was all girls or if we just got that through a promoter). Anyway, I was surprised to see that they actually did honor this as advertised. Of course, as expected, the bar was absolutely mobbed, so the lady friend I was with was only able to get 1 drink before the deadline.. . The inside rooms were packed with people. Good music, but hard to maneuver around the dance floor. Very nice decor throughout. My favorite part of the club was the outside section. Not nearly as crowded, and a nice nighttime view of the Strip.. . I like Tao more than a few other places I've been to in Vegas (most notably LAX and Lavo), but it's far from being the best place in Vegas.
There were 7 women in my party, and we ate dinner at Tao first on a Thursday night. We had an awesome dinner, and we were told that after our server would escort us to the club. But instead, we had to climb back downstairs and then wait in line, to come back UP the stairs to get into the club. Why wouldn't they just stamp us at the table and then let us in??. . The club itself was insanely crowded! There were people everywhere. Girls dancing on pillars, and lots of guys. They, at one point, had people swinging from the ceiling and had foam and confetti dropping. Very extravagant, but no where to breathe. The pool area was closed at night, so we couldn't go upstairs.. . Near the end of the night we discovered that there was another area the other direction where there was ANOTHER dj, she just wasn't as good.
We always have fun when we come here. At least 1x on our trip we end up at Tao. It's location is very convenient!
so it is super packed. there are girls everywhere though. the music is awesome. the security and bartenders are too serious. i got in with jordans. . . getting kicked out always equals a great night.
We went to Tao on Friday July 20, 2012.  It was crowded but not to the point where you wanted to  turn around and walk out (see Tryst review).  There are two dance floors, one playing House and the other playing older hip hop RB stuff.  The music was just okay.  My gf and I like hip hop and top 40 to dance to.  But the crowd all looked like 21-23 and there was not a good mix of ethnicities. There is a really long line to get in but we were staying at the hotel so we got the short line. No cute guys the day we went.
I came here three years ago on New Year's Day, so I admit that my experience will be woefully dated. I can only hope that things have vastly improved since then =). . My friend and I were on a guest list, and despite this we wound up waiting in a long, snakey like for over an hour before being allowed in. The music was awesome, though: hip-hop, dance. Good stuff. We were there until almost 4 in the morning, and left only because my friend wanted to hook up with a guy at another place. I'd made eyes with a guy while waiting in line, and we ended up running into each other... not inside Tao, but at the next bar. Memorable experience, to be sure. (Hey, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, amirite? Ha!)
Tao is a pretty good club in Vegas. It's probably number 4 on my list. I've been here a couple times so far. Both times were pretty fun. It gets get crowded pretty quickly though. If you can I highly suggest trying to get onto a promoters guest list. I was pretty drunk when I went here, but thanks to my promoter it was free. The setup was pretty decent from what I remember. The wait at the bar took a little while, but it's all gravy. Drinks are average priced at around $17. . . *The first time I went here, the security thought my ID pic wasn't really me so I had to tell them my full name, birthday and address. Good thing I still remembered all  that information since I was chocolate wasted.
3.5 Stars.. . I definitely like this MORE than Marquee but not as much as XS.. . I should preface my review by saying that we had a hookup that walked us into the club. No waiting, and no cover. So that definitely skews my perception in the good way.. . I really liked the ambience and decor.  There wasn't a ton of space to DANCE and we spent most of the time kind of standing around and talking (which was great, because it's kind of what we were looking for) and watching the go-go dancers.. . I don't know that I would wait to come in here, but without the wait, I really liked it and would definitely come back.
nice place. one thing i really didn't like is smoke. i couldn't be there more then hour. too much smoke almost everybody smoke. dj was the lady she is so cool i like her a lot. this place is different then lot of place. people say woman free but they charged 10$ each woman. if next time i would go XS
Back when I first started going to Vegas, this place used to be all the rage. But now it has lost a little bit of its luster. . . I have spent many nights in the main room of Tao but now I find it too noisy...too crazy...just too much going on. It is overwhelming in a very bad way. Almost campy. The girls in bathtubs and cages have lost their shock value. . . That being said, I thoroughly enjoyed my night in the side room this weekend. We had bottle service at a table right by the dance floor. It was great. Much more relaxed and toned down from the circus next door. And I liked the music better. . . Of course it is expensive but considering what you get with it (treated like a princess), definitely worth it! I'd hate to stand all night and wander aimlessly. . . My favorite moment was the security guard escorting me to the bathroom and making people move out of the way. Not necessary yet hilarious. He even threw in a free bottle of champagne for our table!
Nightclubs are not my thing, but this place's layout is pretty impressive. A multi-level Nightclub, Restaurant, and Lounge (as well as outdoor Pool area thrown in for good measure), with a vaguely Asian theme (giant Buddha statues and the like), Tao looks very cool. Beautiful women writhe in cages and bathtubs, which is more weird than sexy. . . The dance floor is usually packed and the music is everything you'd expect... trendy EDM and crappy Top 40 hits spun by overpaid DJs. The crowd is everything you'd expect/ fear as well, with bros and sorority girls dancing the night away. Drinks are ridiculously overpriced, but I make it a rule to never buy drinks in a nightclub anyway.. . If you're a club kid, this place is worth a visit. It's no longer the hottest club in town (because the life-cycle for that title is less than two years), but that means you will probably wait in shorter lines to get in than at XS or Marquee. Not my usual scene, but it's Vegas and I was able to have a pretty good time.
Not enough room at all... you can't sit if you don't get bottle service.  Also, just not enough room to walk around, period.. . I had drinks spilled on me here, and the dance floor seemed to be filled with scantily-clad Asian girls and the types of guys who like that a little too much.  Music was pretty lame when I went... pop and not really good mixing or feeling.  Maybe this was because it was still before midnight, but come on.. . I was lucky to get in free + free drinks wristband.  I chugged quite a few mixed drinks in order to make myself have more fun in spite of these things, but they were so weak/watered down that I didn't really get anywhere.
I had a goodtime, but that probably had something to do with the fact that we got in for free, since we were guests at the attached Palazzo. Also, we only had to wait in a very short hotel guest line for about three minutes. It's hard to begrudge an establishment after that.. . Yep, the drinks are expensive and weak. Yep, the joint is packed. Yep, the scantily-clad girls in bathtubs aren't particularly titillating or even shocking anymore. Yep, the dance floors are full of hot women/girls and nervous/dorky guys.. . Nope, I wouldn't pay the cover. And, nope, I wouldn't go if it wasn't free and attached to my hotel.. . So, there you have it. Tao in a nutshell.
TAO Nightclub...DUN DUN DUN.  . . Okay, so the first time I came here I absolutely LOVED it!  I mean, what's not to like?  Right when you walk in you see half naked girls in tubs filled with roses and as you proceed upstairs you see more hot girls on beds/couches promoting lesbian tendencies. Good so far right?  The dance floor is relatively big too and it seems everyone is having a good time.. . However; after the first visit it just went downhill and stayed there.  Maybe it's just my luck but it gets too crowded and quickly becomes quite unpleasant.  The line for the bathroom is painstakingly long and the bouncers always shove you against the wall telling you to get the hell out of the way for ongoing human traffic.  The last time I ever came here I felt disgusted it felt like a sweaty cock fest sauna, no lie.  I don't think I'll ever be coming back because I prefer outdoor clubs where you can actually breathe over these death traps.. . If you haven't been clubbing here before try it at least once.  You might get lucky with a good experience who knows.. . Funny story: I got kicked out here once because I needed to throw up and couldn't find a trash can. I kicked open a random door by the bathroom and just yacked all over the floor...when I looked up I saw an entire staff standing there staring at me in disbelief and horror.  I said oops and proceeded to close the door real slowly as if nothing happened.  The bouncers kicked me out a few seconds afterwards.
This spot was cool. I loveeee the ambiance and the interior. The music was mehhh. A lot of Vegas clubs play west coast music which is a given but they were killing me. I would go again because the club is extremely beautiful but after a while it got unbearably packed and that's my cue to leave.
First time clubbing. It was wayy too crowded but I enjoyed it for my first time. Didn't really enjoy rnb/hiphop music. Line to enter was super fast since we were guests at Venetian. The only thing I liked about this club was that it was free thanks to my friends connections.
The Tao is a classy nightclub but the second story (where the dance floor is located) is essentially pitch-black-- as in I-can't-even-tell-what-your-gender-is dark. The music was really lacking too-- thug-rap with every other word being "n*gga and mutha f*cka" instead of actual clubbing (dancing) music such as techno, electronic, house, etc. I'm 25 years old and I felt like this club was more geared toward 18 year olds. Also, drinks are $22 a pop which is expected but if you're an attractive female no need to worry ;-)  Overall, it was OK. If you're high on coke or ecstasy this club would rock.
Hmm ok the ambiance is awesome Buddha statues, rose petals the works, but don't think if your "regular folk" you getting to sit down let alone lean against a wall because super security will hunt you down anywho there was no cover cause I had a v card and I got one free drink ticket, music was not bad a mix of everything for those who chose to dance and not just stand there and stare in your face
This place draws a massive crowd but I really don't know why. It has a cool atmosphere but the dance floor is tiny. There are so many better places in Vegas I would hit xs, tryst or surrender before this one.
You know, I would've LOVED Tao if the crowd wasn't so populated with ASIANS! I felt like I was back in SF clubbing there.... . . The ambiance is amazingly beautiful here and really does give me the urge to get my party on, but the crowd really kills it. The environment here is intimate with a great lounge/party atmosphere. The lighting gives Tao such a great Asian-Fusion effect! . . The guest list lines moves pretty quick and girls get free drinks till 1030 of course! The music played here is really good! Music is up to beat. The bathrooms are so odd though. It seems so exposed. Not sure if I like that. . . Basically my girls and I stayed here until 11iish then decided we were going to bounce and go to Marquee. This asianess wasn't quite our scene even though we are Asian... lol. I guess we just prefer different type of guys?
I had a good time at Tao; fun to dance on the stage with the dancers.  We were there early and from what I gather, the time you go definitely has an affect on your experience.  We got our free drinks around 11 (got in for free by getting stamped at dinner) and we got to avoid the lines too.  They played fun music, but i do have to agree that once it starts getting packed and you're forced down to the dance floor, the whole experience got a lot less enjoyable.  I understand that clubs make a ton of money through table service, but there is no reason to compromise the breathing ability of your dancing patrons. Once on the dance floor, I was smush dancing, because that's what you end up doing with such a tiny floor and no where to move.  We stayed for a couple of hours and left...it was fun and I would go back...I just wish that I didn't have to wear heels.
Went on a night Sean Paul performed. Great dancable music and beautiful interior!  The whole experience would have been better except for:. . 1. Ratio was not enforced that night - it was a sausage fest and a disgustingly smelly . . 2. WAY TOO CROWDED.  it really took away from the experience.  there is no dancing to be done here.  just having random people move you and shove you around for a couple hours.. . if not for those 2 things i would rate this club a 5 stars hands down
The music at the beginning of the night was good. As more people filled in, they started playing some horrible hip-hop that you could not dance to. And when it got crowded, it got crowded! Even the VIP section was no longer a blessing because people were pouring in. The dance floor was too small for the amount of people there. The women's restroom is located upstairs and you have your own private bathroom. The line moves quickly for a women's bathroom line. We encountered some creeps while there as well. We were able to access the nightclub easily, since we dined at the restaurant. But if you don't have any intentions of eating there first, get on line early enough because it was just as long when we left, as when we went in.
I use to think this was the hottest nightclub in Vegas but after checking out XS nightclub this place is awight. Don't get me wrong it's cool in all if you don't mind listening to mainstream music all night long :/ I actually celebrated my bday here a couple years back and had an awesome time.
I came here on a Thursday night, since I had heard that Tao was one of the better Thursday nightclubs in Vegas. Cover was $20 for guys, free for girls. The place is decorated quite nicely and is very stylish. Dancers, red lights, confetti are all nice touches, but the club just wasn't kicking.. . The DJ that night played mostly hip hop. There were a couple of moments where he started playing a couple of EDM songs and I thought the crowd was starting to gain momentum, but that quickly faded away once another hip hop song came on. I'm not sure if this experience warrants coming back (certainly not on a Thursday night). On the plus side, staff was friendly and helpful every time I talked to them.. . Tip: go to the website and get on the guest list. You'll be able to go to a guest list line that's about half the size of the normal line.
Came here on a Thursday 4/25/2013 around 11:PM the lines were very short walked right in for free since i was on a list. I was pleasantly surprised of how spacious this place was. First time here the lower level is more of a Lounge Area then some stairs up to the main room which was pretty packed which i don't mind.. . Cons: . - DRESS CODE, DRESS CODE!!! saw some people in t-shirts and sneakers. Idk if they are those ballers that can afford a table and get in however they want but dont expect me to get all fancy if your not going to enforce a dress code.. - One of the Bartenders by the entrance was really RUDE! some white blond chick which i asked for a drink recommendation and she just blew me off. Sorry no Tip for you then! . - That little balcony outside is very tight, i mean i like the view but its small. . -Once again this is one of those Table clubs, dance floor is small, and gets packed soon.. -OH! and if your dancing outside the dance floor area the guards tell you to stop. Weird!. . Pros: . - The Entrance was themed nice!. - I like the lazers and light setup.. - The bathroom staff was pretty nice.. - The downstairs area is a nice place to come back and mingle/ relax and sit on couches and plays different music. .    (They were playing Spanish when i was there).. - I found drinks to be cheap (Vegas Cheap) at an average of $13. - A guy bartender on back of Dance Floor gave me Free water. Thank you! He got a good tip. . - The music was a good music im more of an EDM head but this place had good hip-hop and Electro mix which i enjoyed.. . Overall i will come back to this place. I liked it. The confetti was cool, . . But I Wouldn't Pay a price i would pay at MARQUEE or XS to get in.
The dance floor is always super packed.  Walking in and seeing the ladies who work there in the bathtub was very interesting.  I just wish the dance floor was bigger because there's seriously no room to move.
My friends and I went to Tao Nightclub early in the night when it was still pretty dead.  We came back 3 hours later and it was absolutely packed.  The music was good for dancing, but the dance floor was small.  The balcony has a nice view and drinks are decently priced.. . Fun venue, but when it gets that packed it's a little much.  I wouldn't spend my entire night there but it's a good place to start.
I really wouldn't have given this club much thought if a promoter haven't stopped me and my friend while we were cutting through the Venetian casino. But because we did, we were able to get free entry into the club. Supposedly the trendiest club in Vegas, the line was pretty long. In fact, the shortest way in was if you supposedly stayed at the Venetian. . . When we finally got in (please don't sit on those mini pools in the entrance, it's not stable), the area was crowded. We were stamped and directed to head upstairs to the open bar area where we were able to find a nice non-crowded area with an available bartender at all times. Overall it was pretty nice (granted it was about 10-11:30pm). It wasn't until later in the evening that the area became more crowded and it was hard to even squeeze through to the restrooms. And the random guys that try to hit on girls there? Not hot. Alcohol must give a lot of courage!
To be honest. I have nothing against Tao. I love the club. Great environment the music is always good, there's two rooms. One plays EDM and house and is insane, there's the other smaller dance floor that still gets pretty insane. . One thing I super love about Tao is the entrance, first it's like a cave, then there's a nice long hallway and stairs and you're able to view the restaurant below. In fact, Tao was my favorite nightclub in Vegas for quite a while. . The only thing I say that knocks Tao down is that it has become too popular if that makes sense. I say that as in it became a destination. I had so many people from out of town always keep asking and wanting to go to Tao  it ended up becoming too oversaturated. Even more so than other clubs on the strip. Of course as usual with clubs, drinks are incredibly overpriced. . However there is a light on the horizon, my last visit there was really good, and with Hakkasan and all these other major clubs, It's definately in position to become an enjoyable destination again
Tao gives off this really cool vibe, where you feel like you've found this secret dark cave full of dancing people and clay Buddhas. We were on the VIP list, so we made it to the very top of Tao, where we took our drinks (which were not very good, but whatever) to the two dance floors on the top level. There are also a plethora of couches.. . I have to agree with many of the other reviews; Tao is just too crowded. The dance floor was so hard to navigate, especially since there are all of these roped off areas that you can't see in the dark, and the couches are really hard to get around. And all those stairs in heels? Eek. . . Overall, Tao was a very, very cool club, if only it was less crowded.
Not bad but not great in size. Upstairs was a sauna but you cant wear your swimsuit. Downstairs temp is cool but not the cool place to be. We got bottle service which was legit and the waitresses were as well. I wish the upstairs and downstairs could somehow unite and not feel like two different clubs.
I was literally 2 feet away from Dash Berlin that one time, so 4 stars. Just kidding. ish. I went a few times after that and I still stick with the following review.. . Got in on a guestlist and luckily that sped us past the line that was snaking around the corner. It's insanely crowded for the small amount of space allotted for dancing. If it's a major DJ, you can be prepared to just not move at all and be a sardine in the sea of hairsprayed women and cologned men. . . They were giving out glow sticks one night and this guy tried to grab it from my hand. You want to mess with a girl in heels? The dude hobbled away.. . The patio for smoking is sort of precarious. It gets crowded to the point where you feel you might just fall off the side of the building. Be careful!. . Still, they have huge names coming through, nice decorations, and good times.
3.5 STARS. . I've never been to TAO before so my cousin decided that we should go there on our first night in Vegas. We contacted a promoter and he put us on his guestlist and told us to make it in time for open bar since it was "ladies night".. . Having been to XS (http://www.yelp.com/biz/xs-nightclub-las-vegas-2#hrid:5eafLkuYFaYMiOa2BRCeYA) , the mecca of Vegas clubs, TAO disappointed a bit in the decor department but it's very dimly-lit and I loved all the plush, red colors. It's a very beautiful club located in The Venetian, but just a little on the smaller side. There were different levels of the club, but we stayed in the main room. We were going to go somewhere else but I'm so glad we stayed because we got to see Dash Berlin, who was AMAZING! . . Getting drinks was easy and I really appreciated the open bar! The dancefloor was pretty crowded but when you have a big DJ, that's expected. VIP tables are located all around the dancefloor and upstairs overlooking the club. . . I'm glad we spent our first night in Vegas at TAO - between the open bar, Dash Berlin, and the new British friends we made, it was an amazing night! ;)
This place is your typical Vegas hotspot; overcrowded, overpriced, super douchy doormen who for some reason feel they completely matter. I guess people feel their lives will end if they don't get inside certain clubs. LOL! We did have some fun inside, but it wasn't easy or comfortable. Even the people with bottle service seemed irritated because it was so easy for non-bottle poppers to be in their immediate vicinity blocking their view of everything. What is the purpose of having bottle service if you have to stand the entire time, you might as well go to the bar.
I hate to say this about a Vegas club, but I'm going to have to say it.  I've been here a total of 4 times thinking that each time will get better, but it doesn't.  I've given up on trying to see the best in this place.  . . Each and every single time, it's been abusively crowded!  There's nothing appealing about that!!  I get that clubs get packed, but there has to have been some fire code violation because that place was ridiculous! The bouncers are such douche-bags even when unprovoked; I can hardly imagine what they're like when they are provoked.  (i.e. calling my friend slow and talking to her condescendingly isn't professional at all when she was asked to move out of the walk way but there wasn't any friggin room to move....AT ALL). . The only reason I'm giving this club an extra star is because thepromoter actually came through for me and the music wasn't half bad when I was there this past weekend.  Shout to Eric S.!!  But for everything else at Tao, absolutely abysmal....I'm definitely NOT COMING BACK.
On our first night, we went out to TAO nightclub. I got passes from my workplace which was valid for TAO nightclub, Tao beach, and LAVO at the Palazzo. We didn't have any issues getting into TAO nightclub. . . The restaurant is located on the first floor. We went upstairs to check out the club only to find that only VIP seating was available. So basically you had to be a celebrity or pay a good amount of money to be able to sit at a table. Otherwise, you will be standing the whole night. . . We just sat downstairs in the restaurant area and still had a good time. I loved the layout of this place!
I love how i came here on Halloween to watch Wiz Khalifa perform! It was fun and downstairs is House Music as well while upstairs is Hip Hop! It was crowded and the crowd seemed pretty ghetto, wait scratch that, most of them where ratchet females but hey i was drunk and came to have a good time for my girl's 21st birthday! Anyways, the bartenders were cool and the music was great. I was on guest list and didnt have to wait in line. Security is strict like every other club out here in Vegas. . . The set up was pretty cool as well and the lighting. I wouldnt expect this club to be at the Venetian though. If your not a fan of EDM then this club would be for you.
Visited 11/16/13. Our party had 2 girls and 4 guys on a promoter's guest list. They have a 1/1 ratio so 2 of our guys still had to pay. The guy who checked my name off was nice I guess, which is very unusual because all of the Vegas bouncers I've come across are complete assh*les for absolutely no reason. It's like they hate their job and believe they have to be d*cks to everyone to make a statement.. . Anyway, the little biatch (Tall, skinny, Asian, dark hair, wish I had asked for her name) at the register was so rude... again for no reason. I get it, you have a long line and  you deal with idiot party people on a nightly basis, you hate being the cashier at a nightclub, but that gives you no right to be such a bitch to people; it's called customer service. Find another job if you can't handle your "long line".. . Inside its ridiculously packed; but that's expected from a popular LV nightclub. Girls got free drinks for an hour, the bartenders were all females, very nice, and made very good drinks. Had AMFs, Long Islands, and some Red Bull Vodkas. Could not get on the dance floor because we literally did not fit. There was absolutely no room to even attempt to walk through people; such a hazard. We had to stay pinned to the walls because we didn't fit on the dance floor and you are not allowed to stand around the walkways... so we didn't really know what to do. . . Besides my thirst for customer service before you enter this place: the drinks were free and got the job done, the music was dope, I give props to the performers, and I had an ok time. I won't say I had a blast though... it was too packed to dance anywhere. . . So we took off in the middle of the night and went to the Ghost Bar at the Palms. I've also reviewed them on my experience. ;)
Can we stop for a second and talk about how SMALL the dance floor is? You can't call yourself a premier nightclub in Las Vegas with such a small dance floor! There is enough room in your venue to make your dance floor 3x as large! Just take away those awkward window displays of half naked women please, and expand your dance floor! Otherwise, the venue is pretty cool. Great music (a mix of hiphop and house)! I also love the patio at the back of the club-- great view of Las Vegas strip! Good job, Tao.
