I was excited to try this place because I've heard so much about this place.  I decided to try it out this week when I didn't feel like cooking.  We ordered the truffle parmesan fries, and the waitress suggested that we have it come out before our fries because our food would take about 20 minutes.  That was a great suggestion because it passed the time and didn't feel like a long wait.  I really like the fries and really want to try the sweet potato fries next time.  I ordered the peking style duck buns and was a little disappointed because there was no crispy skin--which is the most important part of peking duck.  Also, the duck was really chewy because it had tendon or some kind of connective tissue, which I've never encountered with real peking duck.  However, the buns were really tasty, spongy, and fresh.  Next time I visit, I'll probably stick to one of their burgers.
Asian-ized burgers - cool concept, pretty good execution.  Thick, juicy burger patties glazed in some kind of terriyaki or soy sauce.. . I preferred the Kiki burger (lots of mushrooms) over the Ronin (didn't like the pickled ginger).. . The parmesan truffle shoestring fries were thin and crispy - not bad, but couldn't really taste any truffle.. . Overall, not a bad value and it makes a good stopping point before checking into your hotel.
The Las Vegas WEEKLY Magazine had an article on Burgers.. This place showed up, more specifically their "Kalbi Burger". So, I got another mission.. A burger mission!. . Came here on a week night, place had a bull pen open layout and only a had a few vacant tables in a pretty decent sized space. Server was Kind and told us that everything they offered had asian inspired/influenced.. . To Start:. . Truffle Parmesan Fries: This was Shockingly much better than I would of ever expected. Not much going on but it was cooked just right, seasoned with the right amount of everything and the creamy/slightly tangy dip was Great!!. . Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries: Shreds of oxtail, fries, chili, cheese, garnished with slices of jalapeno with a fried egg right on top!! Too good to be true! Geez, now this is one of those "get down and sloppy" type of dishes!! Unfortunately, I did not like the flavor of the oxtail, nor the chli.. The fries and the Egg were Nice but, everything else was a disappointment!. . I was so exctied I didn't order the magazine featured burger but  went with the first "Specialty Burger" on the list:. . Ronin Burger: caramalized onions, japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg, katsu bbq, sweet bread bun, yuzu citrus aioli on the side for dipping (taste like horseradish blue cheese). I subsituted the regular Angus with their "Snake River Farms" American Wagyu Patty. Overall, I did not like the many different flavors put in this burger, especially the bitterness of the red cabbage.. I think there was way too many things going on at the same time. I did love the richness of the patty and the buns were shiny, soft and super scrumptious!!. . I will give this place another try. Next time, I will try the critically acclaimed burger. Plus I will try a plain custom burger just with the patty, lettuce, tomato and amercian cheese (no distractions from other supporting additions).  Service was really good, Pricing was ok I really enjoyed their Very Innovative Menu.
OK, if you want a new experience on the great hamburger, this is a very cool place to try for sure.  Gourmet burgers with an Asian Flair, great fries with a different twist.. . 1.  Ambiance - Very nice in a small tucked away corner in a non discript dopey strip mall that really has nothing to offer other than this place.  Kind of out of the way actually.  Has a small feeling but nice and warm overall.. . 2.  Service -  Had a young/ new server, but he seemed to know his stuff. Clearly the place is very proud of their vision and their offerings. I would be too.  However, they were closed on Valentines for reservations only dinners, which is ODD for a place that does NOT take reservations. Then, on Presidents day, they decided to open on the Monday, which is normally a closed day for them and then they closed on Tuesday. Twice I went there and they were closed. I consider this a bit arrogant, but they can be for sure!!!. . 3.  Food - Wow, very tasty and the asian fusion is really cool and nice. Tastes are very good.You can even do without the bun and still the taste rocks.  Ronin Burger, Kiki Burger, Kalbi Burger,, all great. The non traditional ice teas are a bit "much" meaning, that they have a strong and odd taste compared to norm. Desserts are great and find out the specials of the day before you order your main dish, to resever whatever is the special.  Oh yeah, all the fries were great.  . . 4.  Price -  For six of us with three desserts, the total came out to $120.00. I find that a bit steep for a gourmet burger and even though the kids enjoyed the taste, it was the most awesome thing for their palates.. . 5.  Overall - this is an experience and you need to try this place for sure, however, it is not a place I am going to pop into all the time. Why?  A bit expensive, a bit pretentious, but still a quality establishment regardless!  . . I will go back, but after I save some money!
Good food, open late is great.
My friends took me to this off the strip burger establishment and i enjoyed it thoroughly.  How come the three stars?  It's because of the service unfortunately.  We started off with the oxtail chili cheese fries; this is probably the only place that has this dish!! It was amazing; if you have not tried stewed oxtail this is the place to taste it; unfortunately when brought out the fries were lukewarm and the waiter said "oh we forgot to cook it" Who says that?!?!  Well they took the dish back in and heated it up in the oven and it still still turned out marvelous.  For my main course, I had the Banh Mi Burger which was a spin on the vietnamese sandwich.  The burger meat was cooked perfectly and it had two fish cakes with the vietnamese fish sauce.  It was great.  We also had fish chips (divine!), parmesan truffle fries, and salt and pepper fries.  Unfortunately the service did not match up to the food.  At one point they did not have enough cups to bring us our green tea beverages.  The service put a damper on the great food, but this can be improved.  Keep up the good work with the food! I would come here again though and give them another chance.
I had read the reviews and it was mentioned in one of the weekly magazines here so I had been wanting to try it out for a while.  I got the ronin and my friend got the kiki we also got the truffle fries.  While we were waiting for that we ordered a jasmin lemonade and one of there home made sodas.  I didn't like the lemonade but i loved the soda.  The server was very nice and the  decor is pretty.  The burgers were ok.  I think I expected more since there are soooo many great reviews.  The burgers were well made but forgetable.  We didnt like the truffle fries that much either but we liked the burger buns.  If I'm in the neighborhood I will give it another try and order something different.
So many great reviews I had to try.  First try I didn't check and went on a monday and they were closed boo..... . I had their regular burger with bacon, eggs, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayo....and....drum roll....the Bacon was really tasty.  That was the only thing that really stood out.  The presentation was good too...But the burger itself was pretty bland.  Maybe ive been spoiled with so many gourmet burger joints in california and vegas....but the bachi version was ok.   I didnt try any of their other specialty version as im not too fond of some of the items.. . The seating arrangement was nice, i liked the decor, and service was good as well.  Looked liked they may be able to some outdoor seating?  shrugs...perhaps it is too hot in vegas..... . I would come again if i was hosting an out of towner who wanted an away from the strip experience.... . we ordered 2 versions of the fries...and both were just a ok.  the truffle fries and some other ones with cilantro in it.  . . I think they tried to get a bit too creative ... at least for my taste.
This place is such an awesome concept--and it's hamburgers! Who doesn't love hamburgers? Anyway...kind of a weird location but it works. The food is totally different and totally delicious (sweet potato fries-hello!) and they have a pineapple ketchup that is to.die.for. . Regardless, the service really sucks. This is Vegas for crying out loud! We got our sweet potato fries (appetizer) before we got our drinks; the drinks we waited 10 minutes before ordering. The service was behind from the time we walked in the door. We waited more than we ate. . Perhaps this is a case of a visionary chef who has an amazing product but doesn't quite know how to run a restaurant and doesn't have the proper management. . Whatever the case, I'm disappointed. I haven't been back and it sucks because they're right down the street.
I gave 3 stars because the food was good but the service was horrible and $9 for a burger without regular fries is over-price to me.  We came for a late lunch on Sunday and the wait was 40 minutes even though they told us 25 minutes and then everything was slow there from taking our orders to getting the check. We ended up spending almost 2 hours there for a burger lunch; however, we had 2 different types of specialty burgers and they were both good.
Maybe I ordered the wrong things? I wish I could return for a do over but as I live in another state I'll just have to lay out my experience for what it was. A-OK. When in Vegas on vacation I scoured Yelp to find a truly "local" eatery that we could visit for lunch with our friends. All the Vegas yelpers and some Honolulu yelpers I know were all wowed by Bachi Burger so I insisted we drive off the strip to eat there.. . First off the decor is not the greatest, just a dimly lit space with tables and chairs. I don't really care what a place looks like as long as it's clean and the food is great. We were seated quickly and our waiter gave us the run down on popular dishes. I ended up ordering the kalbi burger along with sweet potato fries and a peanut butter chocolate shake. Our food took awhile to come out but as we were catching up with our friends we didn't really care. . . My Kalbi burger had less flavor than I expected. I think I had it in my head that it was going to be sweeter but the size of the burger was good. With all the ingredients in and on the burger I think I expected it to be a small miracle of flavor bursting into my mouth. Talk about high expectations huh? The sweet potato fries were overcooked and too stringy so I only ate three of them and didn't finish the rest. My peanut butter chocolate shake was $4 and much too sweet. I'm a sweets fiend so if a place offers a peanut butter chocolate shake I am guaranteed going to order it. I think there was too much syrup added to my shake so there wasn't a good balance in the flavors. Sad panda.. . Our waiter was a really nice guy but one thing which was very odd was that in the middle of our meal he asked us a question from behind the countertop that adjoined our table. It just felt a bit rude, almost like your neighbor listening in on a private conversation and chiming in from behind a fence. I don't think he understood why that was rude, but it's something that could be fixed for future diners. Overall very good service and smiley service.. . I'm sure many will disagree with me about Bachi Burger, but I really, really wanted to like it! After reading all the stellar reviews I think that I just didn't order the right items for my particular palate. Maybe on my next trip to Vegas we will meet again Bachi Burger and we'll have a redo. I always believe in second chances. Yelpers obviously love you so there's got to be something that I missed during my visit!. . Yelp 365 Challenge: #45/365 (The High Expectations)
I went a few weeks ago with some friends . Only reason I am going with 3 stars is they had really good burgers , loved the fries but my burger was not so hot. Otherwise it would have gotten a 4 or 5 star. I got the Kiki burger . We were told the chef prefers medium which I went yay its what I prefer. So I got mine medium and the guys got theirs medium rare and medium. Let me warn you. Medium is not or at least for the person cooking that night a light pink. It was a lot closer to medium rare. Almost redish pink all the way through. I couldn't wait to try it since I adore mushrooms and a good mushroom burger. Its one of my favorite three things in the world to eat. My friend ate here all the time and just raved about it so I figured it had to be good. . . When I cut the burger in half to start eating it I took a bite and went omg I can't eat it, it tastes almost raw. We called the server over told them it was to rare and found out that's what was considered medium here. So I asked for a medium well. While the guys ate their burgers. (both graciously offered to wait for mine to be made which I said no eat) I munched on the fries we ordered. Sweet potato fries probably one of the two best I have ever had. Yummy dipping sauce, crunchy on the outside and creamy middle. The truffle fries .... all I can say is so good and addictive. Salt and Pepper ate one but had to stop due to the peppers on it. :(  . . After a few minutes my burger came back out and much to my shock it was the same burger cut in half with a bite missing where I had taken a bite. Not wanting to cause issues I shrugged and ate it. Now i am sure had it not been cut in half it would have been wonderful (and less icky thinking of it going back on the grill and back onto my plate) not just good. Anyone who cooks knows you can't cut open a piece of meat and re-grill it without losing most of it juiciness. My friend had the Mister Ho and the other had the Miyagisan. Both looked really good and had rave reviews from them. I will end up going back to try once more. Hoping it is better next time.
Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (7 of 365). . I can't say this place is really good; and I can't say this place is really bad either.  I came here craving a burger, but I must have come here craving an ultimate American burger so you can imagine my disappointment when I saw the menu.  It was my mistake for not Yelping this place first and adjusting my taste buds to anticipate an Asian style fusion burger.  I'm sure if I was looking for one, this would be the right place to be.. . 1 star = for the Oxtail chili cheese fries.  These were yummy but I do wish for a little more Oxtail!. . 2 stars =  for the customer service.  The waiter was really patient with me as I figured out what the heck I was going to order from the extensive menu of items with super long descriptions that only confused me!  I couldn't figure out just by reading the description what I would like! It was really frustrating!. . 3 stars = for the Truffle Parmesan fries; you can never go wrong with Truffle oil right?. . To be safe from too many Asian flavors, I ordered Kiki's burger.  It was OK.  There was too much going on for me with everything that was in it.  The flavors just didn't seem to mesh well.. . I do plan on coming back here again to check out their steamed buns and to have some more yummy Oxtail fries.  I might even try the burgers again knowing what I'm getting myself into....Asian fusion burgers.  . . I do recommend this place though.  It  is definitely an experience you don't want to miss out on.
I'm torn on Bachi. Maybe a 3.5?. Their idea is cool and they got some neat combinations but execution is lacking some areas. . . The wait wasn't really an issue as we had a large party (8) and they just needed to setup a bit. While waiting, i scoped out the menu a bit to see what they offered.. . The baos looked interesting, but it would have been too much. The party shared the ox tail chili cheese fries and they were pretty tasty. I would like there to be more ox tail, but it was good.. . I got the Miyagi-san burger, medium rare, which was grass-fed wagyu, fried egg, bacon, furikake and onion strings. The sauce was a chili mayo. Also got a side of the sea salt fries.. Presentation - awesome. The burger looked great and toppings stacked nicely. Good char on the beef. . Taste: Was just okay. Good flavors from the ingredients, but I think the flavor of the meat was kind of lacking. Maybe it was too sweet or something, but I was expecting a more savory taste from the beef. Beef was a letdown and a bit on the flavorless side. I might stick with Angus next time as I had a taste of another burger and it seemed to be more flavorful.. . I think what kind of made everything a let down was the service. When going to like a pho restaurant, I expect there to be no service. But when you're serving gourmet burgers with foie gras I would hope there would be something better than what I see at a pho joint. . The servers just seemed a tad surly. No smiles and seems to have a bit of an attitude. Kinda just going through the motions and they ask you for help. Not even in a nice way. Was just "can you pass this down?" no please? no thanks?. . I can understand if it was a booth and the server can't get to some people. She was just lazy and started giving us appetizer plates and asked us to send them down. Same with the water. Plopped them down at one end of the table and again asked us to pass them down. I was surprised I wasn't asked to pass the food down as well. So they're able to give the food to everyone individually, but water and plates are too much trouble. Towards the end of our meal, some people are still eating, they start clearing the table right as people finish their plates. You get that rushed feeling like they want to kick you out. The fries we shared were still half full and she started to take them away. She only asked if we wanted to continue to eat them after we kinda looked at her taking the fries away. Why so quick to get everything away? It wasn't like there was a line waiting. We were eating lunch at like 2PM. No wait and restaurant was half empty. Oh, and in true fashion, she also asked us to pass the plates up and over to her so she wouldn't have to walk around to each setting and pick up the plates.. . Like I said, I'm a bit torn. I think it has potential, but had a pretty eh first experience. They gotta step up their game.
Great burgers. Great fries. Love their Lonely Bird, bachi burger, fries with truffle parmesan. Be prepared to wait as this place is gaining in popularity with new hours and a steady clientele. We were there for lunch this week and waited close to 30 minutes for our food to finally come out. Bachi also likes to charge for every little thing...$1.00 for extra sauce, $1.50 for cheese (1 slice) on your burger and $1.75 for one onion ring to add to your burger... really I don't think Sysco Foods your supplier charges that much for cheese & onions to justify that charge. Delicious mouthwatering  burgers but getting nickeled and dimed for everything is a bit hard to swallow. Staff could also be given more authority to make customers happy instead of always having to defer to management for approval. Love ya Bachi but please be more reasonable with your pricing.
So we've come here several times and really honed in on the burger that we love the most - Kiki's burger!!!  It had the best flavor profile: amazing taste with the three different kind of mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere cheese, garlic chili aoli and still the burger essence came through.  One of our friends had the Ronin burger, he said overall it was great but would have liked the fried egg to be runny, (it's amazing when the egg yolk covers the meat to create a moist texture).  We always order the truffle parmesan fries and end up with the same conclusion: amazing taste but there's too little of the truffle parmesan sauce which ends up just coating just a small portion of the fries!  We want more!!! . . Ordered the pork belly buns which hit the spot s an app.  Finally, we had the special new dessert which was the custard crepe with poached pear and raisins-it was really a light dessert and not for everyone, but it ended the meal on a light clean note.. . The waitress who served us was extremely attentive and very friendly, as well during the entire meal, the runners and even the manager came by several times to attend to our every need. I'd say that it ends up being one the best burger places that infuses and Asian flair into an All-American dish.  . . Definitely worth going multiple times to see which dishes fits your taste best-the service experience is absolutely the best!!
I've heard so many good things about this place, that I decided to take some friends who've been there before with me one evening.  Granted I know it is in a strip mall and that the space is "cozy," so I was prepared for a little wait.. . As soon as we entered, we were immediately greeted by the manager (or owner?) who quickly took our name and asked us to have a seat...should be about 10 minutes. The environment was pleasing...open space, sofas to wait while the tables are being turned over, TV's on the wall...typical neighborhood diner.  And 10 minutes later, we were seated.  . . The menu had many eye-catching descriptions for what I've heard are incredible burgers.  If I didn't visit their website beforehand, I wouldn't have really understood (or appreciated some of the selections).  They were limited on their "adult libations" to beers, wines and saki...but they were able to create something with saki for our group that was pretty tasty.. . The only issue I had with Baci was their service.  It wasn't that it was semi-busy and they had a limited wait staff to serve everyone, it was our server who was not really listening to us and messed up the drink order numerous times and acted frustrated.  To further complicate things, we had multiple servers come by the table to ask the same thing of us...it was like they were not working together in harmony.  Serving the food was a bit unusual as the menu is basically burgers and fries, yet when they brought our food out, they only brought the burgers...saying the fries would be out shortly.  Hmmm, shouldn't you serve them together?. . Again, I think the food was incredible and will try other items on the menu again soon...just get the wait staff a little better trained and it should further elevate the experience for Baci Burger.
I will have to go against the norm here and say this place was not anything spectacular. The service is usually very spotty and the staff acts inconvenienced by simply requests for a refill or if you have a question. Also, i am not a huge fan of the overpowering smell of eggs as you walk into the restaurant. I have tried several of their burgers and was not blown away by any. I do appreciate the flavor and originally behind these burgers, but the were not enough to make me want to come back again. I have sampled The Lonely Bird, Ronin, and the crab burger I believe they no longer offer and was not blown away by any of them. Actually, the most enjoyable item I have found has been the oxtail chili cheese fries, which they were somehow out of on my last visit. I will not go out of my way to avoid this place if there is a group consensus of wanting to go here, but I will not be suggesting it on my own.
I don't know- just wasn't feeling it.. I was so excited about my Banh Mi burger (especially after all the rave reviews), but I found the burger to be so overloaded with toppings and sauce that the actual burger meat suffered. It just wasn't as juicy as a good burger should be, and the sauce itself was a bit too salty. Someone else in my group ordered a medium burger that came out still mooing.. When he asked them to cook the meat they were beyond gracious about it, but the "medium" burger came out rare again- hilarious- Ecoli be damned..There's so much potential, but Bachi burger just didn't work for me...
Here you have a burger joimt. With ego's out of joint. Its ok but out priced for what you end up with. if your board and need to WASTE your money on a couple of burgers go for it. Just a side note my girl had the crab burger and had some problems later.
Overall, the food had been good here. I don't eat beef, but have enjoyed the veggie burger and the crab cake burger. I've been here with my friends and my family. Generally, they also liked the food, but the portions for children are too much, and there are not many options. Not the best for young children, but older ones should be fine.. . Service is still hit or miss and its biggest liability. The staff seem disorganized at times and I've had my food messed up more than once (I've been here more than I've checked in) lately. Sometimes, it seems like some of the servers have never worked in a restaurant before. Other times, the servers have seemed to over compensate becoming intrusive. . . I also got the Yelp check in special of a free beer/beverage, but it had the "after 11pm" stipulation and the manager was not as nice to me in terms of getting me the free beverage. (I suggest that they either do away with that "special" or offer it at a time that people would actually use it...). . My first impression was awesome. My following experiences have since been not as positive, and some unpleasant almost to the point of not wanting to come back. So, just be aware that service is inconsistent and tends to be slow. Or, they "disappear" for a while after you've placed and received your order. Food is good; service needs to improve.
We drove past Bachi Burger on the way to  visit friends in Vegas.  I thought the sign was cool and later our friends suggested we eat there.  They live down the street and eat there often.  They'd totally get a four+ stars if the service was better.. . The decor was great and the menu looked very interesting - I love fusion cooking.  I ordered the Spicy Miso Burger - it was amazing!  Cooked perfectly, juicy and a great flavor combo.. . The service was ok at best.  Our waiter spoke broken English and brought foods out in waves.  Finally, after we all had our burgers, the waiter asks what else we needed.  We're like, uh french fries.  By the time we got our fries, we were half way done with our burgers and the fries were cold.
Slightly overhyped, but still a good burger. But we had to wait a long time to get seated,and the host wasn't very good about appeasing his waiting customers. He also kept calling me by another name even after I corrected him a few times. I asked for my Miyagi-san burger to be cooked medium, but it was medium rare. Since we were in a hurry, I just ate it anyway, but too red for my liking. I liked the fried egg and furikake that came with it, and normally I love fried onions on my burger too, but for some reason, it felt like too much. I have to say though, the truffle oil fries were pretty delicious. And the sweet potato ones were not bad either. Our waitress was good, but not outstanding. I'm sure if I came back at a less busy time, it would have been more enjoyable, but 3 stars for now.
Great burger, kind of small, but that is me im kind of a pig. Staff was freindly but they are horribly managed. I believe they forget they are at work and are to layed back and unprofessional around the restaurant. The building is layed out backwords the 2 entrances are rediculous. this is just negative feedback that could help this gold mine. a little pricy for my taste, But my KIKI BURGER WAS FANTASTIC. And the front of the restaurant faces windmill ave. and they are storing broken equipment from the kitchen in plain view of guests really? they need to get this together. The triple D show is gonna have people flock here so get it together.
Came here on a Saturday night around 8:30pm, and the place was pretty packed. It's a casual burger joint, with a Japanese twist. We waited about 15 min for our table, there were three of us. After ordering, it did take about 50 minutes for our food. I ordered the Bachi Caesar Salad, and Sweet Potatoe Fries to share. My friend ordered this Pesto Burger and said it was excellent! I can't remember what my third guest ate, but he said he hadn't had a burger that good in a while.. . The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because it took 50 minutes to get our food (we noticed, because we were especially hungry that night). Also, our waiter and the water filled guy kept checking in with us to make sure everything was alright.... AFTER WE HAD RECEIVED OUR FOOD. It was pretty funny because they checked in with us about 4 times (not an exaggeration). . . Burgers are good, but don't go here if you're in a rush. Oh, decent prices too!
Let me start off by saying I would give more stars if the service wasn't lacking so much. We first arrived, the front area was packed. It was about a 10-15 minute wait. There was nowhere to stand or sit inside, so waited outside. The man told us he would come and get us when our table was ready. No one came for us so my husband went in to check to see how much longer the wait was and they just happened to be calling his name (they said they were going to come and get us, so I don't know why they were calling his name). The front area definitely needs to be managed better and set up differently. It seems way too small.. . The server was nice but she seemed like she was overly busy. She wasn't very attentive at all. Her mind seemed to be elsewhere. We ordered our drinks and it took her a while to get them back to us. My husband was annoyed because his beer wasn't cold and the glasses weren't frosted (when she told us they were). The glasses were like shot glasses. I've never seen a beer glass so small. Is that the new thing? Maybe I'm out of the loop, lol. . . The food was good but nothing I was amazed by. We ordered a side of fries for our son and we loved the pineapple ketchup it came with. That was yummy. We also started off with the oxtail chili fries. My husband really enjoyed them, me not so much. They were too spicy for me because of the jalapenos and I was also wondering where the oxtail meat was? There was also barely any beans. The fries were a bit overcooked too for my liking. Some of them were way too crunchy. Also, when the fries first arrived at our table, the egg was already broken. That's no fun! . . For our entrees, we split the Peking Duck Steamed buns and the Ronin burger. The duck buns were very good with the hoisin sauce. The buns were steamed perfectly and the fried egg mimicked cheese. They were definitely delicious. I'd like to try the pork belly buns. The biggest disappointment of the night was the Ronin burger. We would have been extremely satisfied if they cooked it medium like we requested. The burger came out well done. They cooked the angus beef way too much. We don't like sending food back so we just ate it as is. However, we did let the waitress know that they overcooked it. The flavors of the burger were delicious though. If they cooked it medium then it would have been great. The cole slaw, fried egg, onions, and aioli had a great taste. The bun was also grilled a bit too much. . . The decor was cool but there was a big eyesore out on the front deck of the restaurant. There is a pile of old cooking equipment outside which makes it look really unprofessional. At the end of our meal, we felt like we were being rushed out by the waitress. My husband wasn't even finished his beer and the waitress came over asking if we needed the credit card settled. We hadn't even gave her a credit card so I don't know why she thought that. Her mind was definitely lost. Overall, the place is good but has potential to be better than it is if they fix a few things.
I love the food, don't get me wrong.  When I have to wait 30 minutes to sit at the table that has been open the whole time, I have issues.  My friend was waiting 56 minutes for a to-go order that he was told would be 40.  The dining room was 75% full at the time, but most had been served.. Again, the food is great, if you can get it.  I listened to the lead cook loose her sh!t on the wait staff because she was busy.  Yelling at them because she couldn't get the food out of the kitchen.  "I don't need three expiditers, I need 1!".  This might work on Hell's kitchen but we were ready to bounce thinking that if she can't handle this with 4 people on the line, something is wrong.  How is my food going to come out?. Again, the food is great, but not hot coming out of the kitchen.  It took almost 45 minutes to recieve our order of 3 burgers and an order of parmesan truffle fries (which were room temp).  . The waitstaff avoided their tables like the plague until the food hit.  I guess they were tired of the complaints.  When the food comes, everyone is back on top of it.  . . The last time I was in, I stood at the door waiting for somebody to acknowledge me.  There were 3 tables down and about 10 people at the door including me.  After 15 minutes of waiting for no apparent reason, we went somewhere else.  They weren't even busy.  Somebody needs to take charge and fix it.
Was looking for a quick, but tasty lunch before heading to our hotel to check-in, so a family member suggested this place that she saw on Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives.. Sunday (7/1/12) they opened at 12:00 noon, so we arrived at 12:10pm -- they were packed with people waiting inside and out front!. Our party of 5 waited 50 minutes to be seated and at least 30 min for our food to arrive.  . We started with Pork Belly Buns $10 (good flavor and various ingredients) and Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries $11.50 (hard, dry fries with barely any oxtail meat -- pricey & over-rated) . The burgers (Miyagi-san $13, Ronin $10 and Kiki $10) were juicy and tasty, but not sure the Miyagi-san was worth the extra $3 for the wagyu meat b/c we couldn't taste a difference.  Parents loved the Bachi Fish $9.50 sandwich, so would try that if we go again. . 5 burgers/sandwiches, 2 starters and no drinks = $95.74 including tax & tip, so not a bargain, but certainly worth the experience.. Though the wait was long, our server was very nice and the management apologized for the long wait.
Four stars is a bit generous considering my first experience to be maybe above average. . . Came on a Sunday night with my girlfriend. Very busy, yet we were immediately seated since the other parties consisted of high volume of guests while I was with just one other. A plus for that!. . Upon seating, the waitress courteously greeted us and asked us if it was our first time. Confirming with her question, she gave her suggestion and what is considered the most popular three burgers on the menu. The Ronin, Kikis, and Banh-Mi burger is supposedly the most popular and preferable. My girlfriend ordered the Kikis and I ordered the Banh-Mi. . . I normally like my meat cooked in medium rare, however, the server suggested that we cook it to medium well because our patties are more than just beef. My patty consisted of shrimp and pork so medium rare would be overdoing these meats. So my girlfriend and I took her advice.. . We waited about 20-30 minutes for our burger. Though busy, that is quite long. . Finally after waiting, our burgers and one serving of "just fries" came. . . My burger was good but not great. I have definitely tried much better. Nevertheless, I did enjoy this unique style of burger. On the other hand, my girlfriend's Kiki's burger was delicious. It could use more veggies and more dressing but the meat combined with the bacon was stellar. . . Overall, an OK experience. My rating and review is definitely subject to change because my curiosity will bring me back to try the other burgers/ fries/ etc.
So I decided for once to do a review while we eat. Well where to start, well the AC is playing up, so its hot in here, the wait time was quoted at 10-15 minutes, it took 20 mins to seat us, close enough. The strange thing is, we asked for drinks while in the waiting area, the hostess did say that was a good idea, then went back to standing against the "bar area".. . Okay, at this point, it is only fair for me to say i'm in the hospitality business and the way the whole AC playing up thing is being handled badly, for the review I will look by it, but as I'm sure the management will be reading this, a quick couple of pointers, serves some ice water to the people waiting, no cost to you but makes waiting in a sweat box nicer. Also, how about running to home depot and picking up a couple of floor fans to at least get the air moving ? . . Actually, just talked to the manager, it seems the AC will be working tomorrow and the owners do not want to spend the money on fans.. . Just seated, serves is nice, cold drinks served very quickly, smart lady.. . Anyways, on to what everyone wants to know, the food.. . Yeah, it is that good, ok, its better than good, it is probably the second best burger I have eaten.. . I had the kiki burger, minus the onion, great burger, the fries were the truffle oil ones, very nice as well.. . Proof yet again that quality ingredients gives you quality food.. . Desert time, only thing they have is the doughnuts , let's see.... . Mmm yeah ok, not the best ever, a little on the tough side, the ice cream is refreshing though, if a little bland, throwing a coffee bean on generic vanilla ice cream doesn't cut it.. . So all in all, a very good meal, in a less than optimal setting.
Pricey but good specially the Ronin Burger and the steamed bun with pork belly...I didn't care much for the Kalbi Burger.... . Not the type of burger that I would care to have on a regular basis but a good conversational subject...
BUZZ. - Bahn Mi Burger. - Kiki Burger. - Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries. - Ronin Burger (5/10). - Shogun Burger (6/10). . . I ALSO TRIED. - Peking Style Duck Steamed Buns (6/10). . Ok, I'll admit, I was a little tipsy before coming here (it's Vegas!) but that only affects decisions, and not taste buds. Alright?! Case in point, I ordered the Ronin burger instead of the Kiki burger. Should've been a no-brainer because Kiki had garlic and Ronin didn't. ARGH! oh well..... . So, someone said that this was on Diners Drive Ins & Dives and I didn't believe them, because this is neither a dive, nor is it tiny as hell. It's like an average sized burger joint -- not quite Red Robin, but like a smaller Smashburger or Five Guys. And well, the prices...they're average with a gourmet burger place $9-$10, unless you get the Shogun. . . DUCK STEAMED BUNS. So, these were pretty decent. They're served on steamed buns, but folded into like a small taco (steamed bun is about the size of a drink coaster). Flavor was sort of a sweet, soy, teriyaki kind of flavor, but the seasoning was pretty good. . . RONIN BURGER. It's got Miso dressing, Katsu BBQ, and a fried egg, amongst some others. You know why I know I was drunk? I would never order a burger with Miso anything! I like miso, but not outside Japanese food, and especially not on a burger.. . Luckily for me, the miso is hard to taste, and as for the fried egg, I don't understand what the novelty is. Among the very light and almost hard to find flavors the patty was not seasoned enough, giving to a very lackluster performance. The flavors were enough that you can taste that they're not absent, but it's not enough to really notice. It did have a small sweet and salty persuasion, but again, nothing worth mentioning.. . SHOGUN BURGER. Whenever I try a new joint (especially if it's hyped), I assume that I'll never come back. I make sure to order as much on the menu as possible. This guy was eyeing me the whole time. $25 burger! So, feeling very generous, and drunk (it's Vegas!), I ordered one for the table. I split it into 8ths and gave a piece to everyone. Most thought it wasn't much better, but I thought it was definitely better than the Ronin.. . It's not just beef, it's Wagyu Beef! And on top of that, there's Unagi and Foie Gras! It's also got peach and miso butter (can't escape miso tonight I guess (Vegas?)). The beef is noticeably more tender, and the flavors and seasoning are better. Now, I don't think I actually got any unagi in my bite, so I'm a little disappointed, yet the thought of fishy eel next to beef is a little worrisome. The sweetness this times comes from a little unagi sauce, which worked ok. There were certainly improvements in this burger over the Ronin, but not $15's worth!. . BADCHI BURGER. Ok, my friends all picked on me because I was the only one that thought Bachi was less than orgasmic. I don't know, maybe I'm not all about the "gourmet" burger, but I feel like lately everyone's so worried about their toppings, they keep forgetting about the beef. Sure it's Angus, sure it's Waygyu, but that doesn't mean you don't have to season it or cook it properly! The patty isn't just filler protein, it's the main event! . . So, if you've never had it, fine, quell your curiosity. Otherwise, just go to In-n-Out.. . Everyone's tastes are different, so here're some of my references (not in any order):. NOT A FAN: Fatburger, Five Guys, Tom & Eddies, Kuma's Corner. FAN: In-n-Out, Paradise Pup, Smashburger
I would give this place a 3.5 stars... Wait was tooo long, service wasn't too great, drinks weren't good, it got quite smokey in the restaurant... the only thing they really had going for them was the food! . . We came here on our way home from vegas. Yes we could've gone somewhere else when we heard it would be an hour wait, but we decided to stick it out, because if we had gone anywhere else, it would've been the same.  I was referred here by a co-worker. . . We had the Oxtail chili cheese fries, which we alright, you don't really taste the oxtail, it's a bit sweeter, than just regular chili fries. . . We also had the Waygu and Black & Green Burgers. Which were delicious! I have to say the best part of our experience here. The drinks were watered down. Even though it wasn't that busy by the time we got our tables, it took a while for us to get our servers attention.  Even with the vents on, it got really smokey inside the restaurant too. . . Overall it was alright, would i go back? Yeah, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
Food was great... Service could be way better. Waited 15 min for a beer and soda.  Another server dropped off our drinks. Didn't see our server long periods of time.  Overall I am a fan, probably ask for a different server.
I liked it.  There's no doubt about that, but I guess it just wasn't what I was looking for.  I love Japanese cuisine, and I enjoy pursuing the elusive, better-than-In-N-Out, perfect burger.  I only tried the Ronin Burger and the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, but I wasn't left with the idea that I would be back.  (My bill came to about $25 without tip.)  The novelty wore off very quickly.. . You'll enjoy your experience, however.  The restaurant itself was very busy--Los Angeles will have one of it's own this Fall, 2012--and the staff was very personable and all smiles.  The food is a new and refreshing twist on the sometimes commonplace hamburger, and the presentations are eye-catching, as you would expect with a Japanese influence.  Myself, I thought what I had ordered, which was highly recommended by our server and host, was toosweet.  I was expecting to bite into something that was much more robust.  Again, I hadn't tried everything; but for now, it's "been there, done that."
My boyfriend and i tried the Ronin burger and it was okay. It wasn't anything extraordinary and something i could have made at home. However, the service was impeccable! We ordered fries that didn't come out until we were pretty much done with our meal. The server took it off the bill and still brought it to us. Our pepsi was refilled when the cup was half full. Bottom line is, food was good but the service was better!
Here are a couple interesting facts:. In Japanese, "Bachi" are those wooden sticks used to play the taiko drums.. In Polish, "Bachi" means grandmother...well it's actually Babcia but sounds like bachi.. . Bottom line: If you like burgers, you'll have to try Bachi out.  Personally, I wouldn't go out of my way to try this burger joint again.  My reference point is Umami's Burger.. . I'm a pictures person so check out my links to view the pictures I've uploaded of:. 1. Oxtail Chili Cheese fries - This is their staple dish so give it a shot and try it for yourself.  Beware of the the jalapenos, they are a real kicker!  The shreded meat will give you a different texture so don't let your mind fool you into thinking "this should taste like the regular ground beef chili cheese fries" because it won't.  I wasn't that impressed.. . 2. Ronin Burger - Must try! The Caramelized onions and egg on this burger was awesome.  If you like the sweetness of caramelized onions, this is a must try.  Didn't really experience much of the japanese cole slaw inside the burger.  . . 3. Pork Belly Bao - The steamed bao bun was lukewarm at best, not the typical not hot and steamy bao, which was a disappointment.  It reminded me of defrosted bao bread microwaved and then left out at room temp, it simply did not taste fresh.  The Pork belly was a thick cut but if it's a thick cut of fat...no bueno.  I'd pass on this.  However, the sliced boiled egg was a pleasant surprise in the bao.
I have heard and read so much about the burgers at this joint, so a few of us went over for lunch.  I ordered the BBQ burger,  i was good,, i wouldnt say the best i ever had but it was good, i also ordered the onion rings and garlic parmasean fries... I liked the onion rings better than the fries.. I would eat here again,, but its not the best as others have claimed,,,  Hope this yelps
Ok.... I saw this place on one of those food channel/network program and I bookmarked it, make sure I come visit when I'm in town.  . . This review is for take out only.  I ordered the ronin burger, pork belly sandwich, a fish burger and garlic fries ( don't have the exact name of the items I ordered) the ronin burger costs $10, when I ate it, my thought was..... Should of gone to In & Out burger.  Lots of meat (I want a burger, not steak) the meat wasn't seasoned and it was just too much meat for my taste, nothing special.  The pork belly.... Over cooked.  The fries was ok, didn't try the fish sandwich, couldn't comment on it. . . I was never a fan of asian fusion food - as for this place, i probably would not go back.  Reason being so, for the amount I'm paying for a burger, I personally like In & Out burger better, as for the Asian side, it's ok, I'll go to an Asian restrurant.  Sorry....
I think the food is pretty good, and reasonably priced at $10 per burger.  Unfortunately the service here sucks beyond belief!!!. . Truffle Parmesean fries - below average  - I would've given this an average rating but I couldn't taste the truffle at all.  The dipping sauce it comes w/ is delicious tho.. . Oxtail Chili Cheese fries w/ fried egg - below average - The chili was waaaaaaaay too sweet.  I couldn't put my finger on it but I've never tasted sweet chili before.  Wasn't a big fan.  The presentation of this dish is beautiful but it didn't live up to the hype.. . Miyagi San Grass Wagyu Fed Burger ($10) - Slightly above average.  The shrimp tempura inside the burger was a nice touch, & gave it a nice crunchy feel.   They over-cooked my burger tho.  I ordered medium rare and it came out medium; almost felt like I was eating an in-n-out burger or something.. . Kiki Burger ($10) -above average.  I dug the garlic, onions, bacon, & mushrooms.  It's a solid burger.  Basic, but solid.. . Tips:. -Service sucks beyond belief.  .    -They had our table set up but didn't seat us till 10 minutes after the table was ready..    -Food took about 30-40 minutes to come out after placing the order.    -I ordered some extra sides of sauce and they never brought it. . -Food is gonna be messy.  I tried the Miso burger (also pretty good) and there were piles of sauce everywhere; this isn't an insult to the dish mind you, the burger itself was still pretty good.. . The food is good and prices are pretty cheap, offset by horrible service.  3 stars.
Wasn't impressed at all. Got take-out. Ordered simple partially because website menu was down, and I didn't have a menu at work, also so I can measure up to other places. I had a simple cheeseburger(cheddar, lettuce, tomato, onion) and the wifey got a grilled cheese and an order of the parmasean fries. Like I said simple. Burger was good. Nothing special. Wife was disappointed. The picture of grilled cheese on this site looks nothing like what she got. The picture looks like a panini pressed grilled sandwich on a white type bread. She got a hamburger bun with some melted cheese on it. She said it didn't taste too bad, but wasn't what was expected. Fries were good. My burger was ok. Not the best I've had, but not the worst I've had. I will try this place again, and order something a little more exotic next time. Will update review then.
I heard great things, but was a little disappointed. The flavors were a little strange for me. The oxtail chili cheese fries were pretty good, but the egg was a little weird for me. I liked my fruity milkshake, but I will not be going back. :(
First off.. if you open at 11 then the hostess should be ready to seat customers(we arrived at 1115.) We honestly waited to be seated for 10 minutes and there was plenty of seating. Then this group walks in and the hostess shows up and seats them immediately..WTF!!!!!! (why the face) that group didn't even have the courtesy to tell the hostess "they were here first" and the hostess new we had been waiting. I want so badly to give it 1 star based on that incident but those chili fries were good. .   I will continue to preach this... IT"S a HAMBURGER not a filet in between a bun.. so why the prices. Don't get me wrong it was good.. I just don't get the pricing on the hamburgers these days.
3 stars: A-OK. . People who know me know that I enjoy eating off the strip.. . Any burger joint with oxtail and foie gras on the menu instantly piques my interest.. . So we went to Bachi Burger. . . The burgers were excellent. In fact, I went so far as to say the shogun burger here blew Hubert Keller's Rossini out of the water.. . And the absolute piece de resistance was the oxtail chili cheese fries. . . I recommended the spot to everyone who would listen. I texted pics of the oxtail chili to encourage folks to go and check it out. Anyone who saw that fried egg sitting on that mound of chili and fries would certainly be compelled to go and order a plate for themselves.. . Skip forward a year and change, and a visit from that Ferry guy with the frosted tips and that DDD show.. . Inevitably, there's more patrons, the food quality suffers, and the portion sizes decrease. Getting on TV is both the best and worst thing that can happen to a restaurant. . . People who went there in the past have reported back, telling me how it's just not the same anymore. . . So now what? . . I guess it's time to look for another place before DDD ruins it.
It's time for them to upgrade to a bigger place! It's winter time...We decided to go here after I was looking at all the yummy looking photos on yep.  I saw this place a few years ago when it was coming soon.....Soooo, we walked in this place, and you couldn't even get to the host to put your name on the list for a table.   Ok so, we finally made it to him put our name on the list.  They told us about 40 min wait!  Wow!  Come to find out, you can't call and make reservations, not good!  We decided to just order to go.  Well that was still a 40 min. wait.  We ordered the fried chicken appetizer, My husband ordered the Ronin Burger uummmm, they kept the egg though!  I ordered the Crusty Crab, Truffle fries and salt and pepper fries.. . I loved the Chicken appetizer, it was so good, but with all the dipping sauces, I wasn't sure what was suppose to go with it.  I did try all of the sauces with the chicken.  Again, not sure which one was suppose to go with the chicken. . I loved both fries the truffle one was different, but it was still good.  I really liked the salt and pepper one.  It had jalapenos and cilantro on it,  what a nice touch. . . The Ronin, we ordered well done....we didn't get that, it was medium well!  If that were my burger, I couldn't have eaten it!  When a customer ask for well done, we don't want to see any red!  So due to that I didn't even get to taste it. My husband was ok with it.  He said it was not bad.  Except he would have also left the coleslaw off. . . So on to the Crusty Crab...I'm not use to mushy...If you like your crab crispy....I would pass on this one.  It was mushy....I wasn't expecting this to be mushy.  It was eitable, but I think crispy is better.   I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.  Try something else, unless you don't mind mushy.. . The employee's seemed like they were stressed out!  It was crazy busy, and this is a Wednesday night.    I would hate to see it on a Friday or Saturday.. . I think if I go back, I will call ahead, and only get it to go, the host said it's busy all the time!  Great for them, but I don't like to wait like that.
Well def slightly overrated but worth a try. Burgers were juicy and petite. Atmosphere was average. Servers were polite and efficient. DONT get oxtail chili cheese fries. I had a few drinks in me and usually like anything in front of me. Fries/oxtail super salty and gross.. Hormel chili in the can blows this crap away.. Pass
While my meal was pretty yummy, part of me tells me to give this an average rating because I've had many-a-burger in my life. Namely, Umami Burger and Gott's Roadside, just to mention a couple. I am from San Francisco and currently live in LA so I've had my fair share of gourmet burgers. Bachi Burger is good, no doubt, but it just didn't have that "oomph" I was looking for. Maybe it was the burger I had and I wasn't really feeling it (The Ronin Burger). The Truffle Parmesan Fries weren't even that good compared to other places I've them. I didn't get a chance to try other burgers or the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries. I wish I had gotten a different burger because the Asian cole-slaw-like veggies in my Ronin Burger were not good. The patty wasn't even that succulent.. . I think that this place is only popular because it's somewhat near the Vegas strip and tourists from around the world hear about it. Honestly, if you've had your share of American burgers from gourmet-est of gourmet, this place is just alright.. . Service is great, the restaurant is spacious, and they seem efficient about seating people. Would I come back again? Maybe, but probably to another location and definitely not getting the Ronin Burger again.. . Oh, also minus points for not having a fully functional website so that I can review what I ate.
we have been going to Bachi burger for 2 years now. For most of our visits, the food is good. However, we have had some inconsistencies with the Miso Fish sandwich(marinade was missing ingredients) the Wagyu sometimes taste like the Angus. It could be a mix up with the Kitchen. My favorite is the Shogun burger esp. because the pan fried goose liver is yummy, its pricey though.
The food has been consistently fabulous. Most recently, I tried the Vegetarian-friendly NO MEAT HERE... "BURGER" and it was good. It wasn't amazing (like their other burgers), but the fact that they had a well-constructed and thoughtful dish for Vegetarians was awesome enough for me. It featured a shiitake mushroom patty, Japanese eggplant, tofu, red bean, mixed greens, and chili lime vinaigrette on a wheat bun. Pretty cool. I also LOVE their TRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES and SALT & PEPPER GARLIC FRIES. The toppings are amazing and the aiolis are addicting (especially that Garlic Chili Aioli, drool). The other burgers I've enjoyed several times are the RONIN BURGER, KIKI'S BURGER, and SPICY MISO BURGER. Serious drool action all over the board. I've had the OXTAIL CHILI CHEESE FRIES once and they're pretty amazing too. Basically, I haven't had anything bad. I do enjoy the boba milk tea drinks as well. They're not the best boba drinks, but decent for acraving. The BACHI SAKE SANGRIA is really great too and unassuming.. . The SHOGUN BURGER is really great! Loved the pan-seared foie gras and although I couldn't distinguish the Yamamomo Peach and Asian Pear really well, it added a nice sweetness to this rich sandwich. The Wagyu Beef was delicious as well. The Unagi seemed unnecessary though; it didn't add anything significant for me - taste or texture - and it kind of took away from the two main ingredients (Wagyu and Foie Gras). I also tried the SWEET POTATO FRIES for the first time along with my two favorite staples and it was okay. I liked the freshness and it not being salty, but with other amazing fry options, this doesn't come close.. . We did have one bad customer service experience where we ended up leaving without dinner and going to another restaurant. It was a rather busy night (and I'm sure they have lots of those) and the communication with seating availability was horrendous. Especially since I had called ahead. There was lack of organization and the gentleman that appeared to be the manager poorly handled the situation. It was really disappointing. Very "off-putting" and since I'm a regular, it wasn't a complete deterrent, however, for my friends, it was bad enough to not warrant another visit. Not a way you want to lose customers! Otherwise, the service is just okay. Which is a real shame with food so delicious.. . Update: I haven't visited this location for over a year because of my last experience. I have been to their Summerlin location a few times and prefer it MUCH more. The service is substantially better and it's not as crowded (no tourists!). I would stay away from this location.
Met a couple of friends here. Casual atmosphere and they do not take reservations.  Had the Ronin Burger and it was good, but not great. Expected more after all of the reviews.  Our group had the Sweet Potato fries, Salt and Pepper fries, the regular fries, a Ronin Burger and the Crab Sandwich.  Overall consensus was that it was OK, but not outstanding as expected.  Service was good and they have an extensive boba, soda, and drink menu. Skip Bachi and go to BurGR if you only have time for one burger joint in town and don't mind the strip.  I probably will also not bother going to the Bachi Burger they are opening in Westwood when in town, since Father's Office, 25 Degrees and so many other much better burger places are in LA.
This might have been 4 stars if we hadn't been so turned off by the service. Our waitress was not very accommodating and tended to ignore us, and the food took about 30-40 minutes to come out after we ordered. If it hadn't been for that, I might have rated this restaurant higher. . . I was excited to try this place and bring my dad because he doesn't venture out to try new places very often. I thought he would like the asian-fusion style burgers and flavors. I was super excited to try the Peking Style Steamed Duck Buns because it's my absolute favorite dish to get when I'm eating at a legit Chinese or Cantonese style restaurant. I didn't expect Bachi Burger's version to be as good, and I was right. Overall, the flavors just didn't work for me (a lot of cilantro, radish, boiled egg, black vinaigrette and BBQ sauce) and the duck didn't taste fresh. Nice effort though. . . My dad tried Kiki's burger, which is angus beef, shiitake mushrooms, caramelized bacon, onion marmalade, cheese and garlic chili aioli. I can't really recall how this tasted, so it must not have really made much of an impression (doesn't mean it was bad though). I thought that their burgers would be similar in style and flavor to Umami Burger, but luckily their burgers are bigger and seem more filling than Umami's. . . We also shared the Truffle Parmesan Fries, which had some black truffle porcini cream on it. It was good, but I love all things fries. Expect burgers to cost around $10 each, which I would say is a fair price. . . Atmosphere-wise, this seems like a fun place to go with a group to watch sports or just eat lunch/dinner. They serve a variety of milk tea/boba drinks also, which is nice. If you're looking for some unique flavor combinations and you have a taste for asian-style cuisine, by all means check this place out. But be prepared for less-than-stellar service, a long wait for your food and don't expect to be blown away by the flavors.
Good, but the only thing left to memory was that after adding on items to my kids' burger is that it came out to $14. Without fries. Or a drink. Not even a color mat or crayons to keep them entertained. . . The Kiki burger and oxtail fries were good. I wish that there were bigger chunks of oxtail, but it had the flavor. My shake was really good, not too sweet or thick. . . Awesome music playing. Parking was kinda hectic. 30 min wait on a Monday night. . I'd come back with the husband and friends, but feed my kids McDs beforehand.
Not for your ordinary burger. But a nice fusion of flavor, had the ban-mi burger and the truffle Parmesan fries.. The fries themselves are a reason to come back, only three stars for price and service . . It's worth a second or third look
Came to BB on a couple of friends' recommendations. Unfortunately, their burgers failed to make it in my top ten. They weren't bad... they just weren't as good as other gourmet burgers I've had.. . I ordered the Miyagi-san Burger (medium-rare) w/ Parmesan Truffle Fries. My wife got the Ronin Burger (medium) with regular fries. They arrived at our table about half an hour later, and we immediately noticed her burger was bloodier than mine. This was not a good start for my wife. We would have asked to cook it more, but we were already running short on time, so we split our burgers (which we were going to do anyway) since mine was less bloody.. . I thought the Miyagi-san was good... I definitely enjoyed it more than the Ronin, which wasn't as flavorful IMO. I liked the crunchy texture from the onion rings, but overall, I was a bit underwhelmed. I think there was just too much going on. The more burgers I eat, the more I appreciate the simplicities of them. And as bloody as both patties were, I found them to be a bit dry. The sauces on the burgers added the juiciness to them, not the patties.. . The Ronin didn't have as much going on as the Miyagi-san, but it wasn't any better as a whole. The caramelized onions were good, but that was about it. The slaw was barely noticeable, and the sauce didn't make a big impact for me. And the buns on both burgers barely managed to hold up.. . The Parmesan Truffle Fries were mediocre at best. I thought the truffle part meant they would just be fried w/ truffle oil or that the fries would be topped with truffle shavings, but they basically dumped this truffle-ish sauce over the fries that was very overwhelming. It felt like I was dipping the fries in a mushroom soup. I did not enjoy this. The only saving grace was the sun-dried tomato dipping sauce on the side.. . Service was great and the restaurant was clean, but when it comes to the food, I'd say Bachi is just A-OK. I may return one more time to try the Kalbi Burger and Oxtail Fries, but if I'm not impressed with those, I'm scratching this place off my list.
Bachi=botchy! . . We were excited to try their burgers, but in the end everything was really messed up.  I think because we were confused who was our server and they were confused whose table it was yadi yada.  It could have been a quick lunch but in the end it was quite exhausting flagging one waitress down, then another, then another.  Botchy!. . Food wise here's the review! . . *Oxtail chili fries - everyone else likes it, but I say 6/10.  Are you suuuuure it's oxtail? We didn't have much meat on ours plus I like oxtail because of the gelatinous-y texture and itdidn't have any of that.  Also, our egg was well done...we needed a runny yolk to make this mission successful.  Fries tasted alright, kinda like McDonalds.  . . *Fish burger - really salty!  I think 6/10.  By the time I was hitting my last few bites, i just couldn't do it.  My tongue was numb.  But the bun was uber soft, uber pillowy.  Nice.  . . *Mr Ho burger - hubby rates it 8/10.  The lup cheong and mushrooms tasted really rich and complemented the patty well.  As for me, I thought my first bite of his burger was far too sweet.  . . *Strawberry lemonade 10/10!  Fresh, tart, not too sweet.  I could drink gallons of this.  . . *Cherry Yuzu soda 10/10!  Same as above! . . So wouldn't go out of my way to go back, but from the airport it was a 5 minute drive and close to Tarjay so it's useful that way.
All my friends raved about this place so I had to try it.  I came hungry after going to the driving range, so that says a lot considering I only give a so-so review.. . I'm not big into these fancy burger places first off.  I've been to Burger Bar and I didn't find it worth the $16 and I kinda feel the same about this place.. . My burger was good, don't get me wrong, but I've had tastier burgers for cheaper.  obviously locally, i will use the taste and price of In-N-Out as a baseline anywhere I go. . . Everything was prepared correctly, bun was tasty, but it just didn't "wow" me as much as I thought it would.  I will give this place another try, only because so many of you Yelpers love it so much!
Ever since this joint was featured on the Food Network on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, it's become way too busy and disorganized. During our visit in March, this place was packed with a 30-45 minute wait at 3pm and there was only ONE waiter. What was even more puzzling was there were 5 bussers and table runners.The manager was just standing behind the counter doing nothing while everyone was running around like chickens with their heads cut off.  Wtf. AND to top it all off, we were sitting in clouds of smoke and this was the second time where the A/C was not working hard enough. . . Good thing for them the food is worth it... The Banh Mi Burger and Pork Belly Sliders are both a must try.  But if they don't fix the exhaust fans and A/C, I'll have to pass next time.  Too bad.
I truly expected more! I mean it wasn't bad but didn't blow me away.
The food is AMAZING!! However the service sucked. We waited over ten minutes for a waiter and really weren't sure who our waitress was. She forgot drinks and never checked on is after dropping food off. The bus boys were fantastic and took great care of us. Again the food was GREAT!
I HATE THEIR SERVICE!!! Although everything on the menu is delicious! Ugh! I get so torn to come here because of it. Ever since they changed out their old staff, the new staff is horrible. Not so much of rude but just lack of customer service or inexperienced. I think they try to hard to be a little fancy or proper but it just ain't happening in this joint. . . However, on a more recent visit, I dined in with my husband and infant (brought him in with his car seat) and totally forgot about the sucky service! The host walked us to our table and kindly brought over a high chair for my baby. He then flipped it upside down and said for us to place baby's car seat on there. My husband and I didn't agree with putting out baby (or his car seat) on the bottom of the dirty high chair where it's been dragging all over the ground. So I asked if we can just have another chair AND the response he gave me was baffling! He said, "So you're OK with putting your baby on a chair where he can fall?!?!" Yes, you'r damn skippy, I gave him the dirtiest look AND he was lucky I kept my mouth shut. I replied, "yes and smiled (while doing whatever possible to put my baby's car seat on the chair the safest way possible)." Seriously, am I that stupid to just put an unsteady car seat on a chair. Anyway, point being, he should've just it to himself. . . So after this experience... I don't know if I will be going back unless I really have to! I'd rather go to the Summerlin location, nice staff (a little slow) and less crowded.
Heard a lot about their burgers and I finally had a change to try one tonight.  Had the Kalbi burger with some Kim chee.  The burger was good, but for the money...I've had better elsewhere.  I wasn't impressed.
Service was okay. I think this place is too hyped up. . . I tried the oxtail chili cheese fries with an added egg on top (sunny side up). It was okay. Not that mouth-watering where I had to eat more. I ordered the Ronin Burger which was good, but not great. There was another burger that I tried and it was not good.... too much goose liver flavor to it... blah. . . Anyways, this is a good place to try if you're a burger fan who likes Asian fusion stuff too.
I initially heard about this place from a friend who mentioned oxtail chili cheese fries and I was immediately intrigued. Sadly, I couldn't eat it during that trip, so on my next Vegas trip, I decided to make a stop here before heading to the strip. Thank goodness this place closes late because I didn't think we'd make in time from LA. This would be the first time I tried a burger with Asian infused flavors.. . Food:. 1) Ronin Burger was good, but not spectacular. I enjoyed the Angus beef, caramelized onions, the gooey fried egg, and the crispy texture of the coleslaw. However, along with the Miso Goma, Yuzu and Citrus Aioli, it was too saucy and it had too much sweet flavor going on in a burger. I actually prefer a more savory rather than sweet flavor on a burger.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=V5kPRRaoHF6UCdwU-3-XWg#7CC4LhQgNIOvut_ilHgPEg. . 2) Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries tasted just like chili cheese fries. The chili was surprisingly light for chili. I could tell that there was a little bit of a difference in texture, but the flavor of the oxtail wasn't obvious. If it oxtail weren't mentioned in the name, I wouldn't have known that there was oxtail in there. There definitely wasn't a noticeable difference enough for me to spend that money on it.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=V5kPRRaoHF6UCdwU-3-XWg#i_RIwA6P6rcLwhxdKJVBBg. . 3) Truffle Fries were some of the best I've had, but the sauce was only drizzled on the top, so there definitely wasn't enough of it for the rest of the fries.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=V5kPRRaoHF6UCdwU-3-XWg#TcId2ISk5G8_x0SGno4Stw. . Service:. Our server was friendly; Food was brought out in a timely fashion; Refills were constantly given.
This place is A-OK!   If you're looking for a good burger somewhere away from the strip, this is a good place to go.  I had really high expectations of this place based on the amount of reviews and pics they have on Yelp however their service and some of their food fell short of a 4 or 5 star rating.   . . Food~ the burgers are very creative with loads of extra flavorful  additions like caramelized onions, cheeses, ox tail chili and various cheeses.  The extra favors are a bit much considering everything is piled onto an angus beef patty that is difficult to taste with everything else piled on.  A lot of people like these burgers, so give them a try!  . . I also thing the truffle fries are over seasoned and like with their burger, it was difficult to taste the actual fry for all of the sodium and truffle sauce.  Again a lot of people like them.  I really like their sweet potato fries!
We arrived here about 4:30pm on a Sunday night..and the wait was 50 minutes. Such a long wait, especially with 2 small kids screaming..but we waited it out.. . We ordered the truffle fries, sweet potato fries, kiki burger and the ronin burger. The truffle fries were AMAZING! I can't wait to get them again! A must try!. . Sweet potato fries were great and awesome dipping sauce.. . My burger (the kiki burger) was very good..but I also noticed as some other reviewers that the meat was seriously hard..and I ordered it medium rare. It didn't fall apart but the taste of everything else was good.. . I tried some of the ronin burger and it was pretty good... . I would come back and try different things
Mixed feelings - for one, the staff were awesome and let our party of four in just 10 minutes before closing. Thank you for that - it's not always easy to find a place to cater to four different tastes!. . LOVED the handmade sodas - cherry yuzu is insanely refreshing, could not get enough. Sides are so-so, the jalapeno slices in the salt and pepper fries are kind of awkward to eat. The chili chicken was amazing, according to a tablemate. . . For the burgers, reactions ranged from "incredible" to "okay" to "not for me." I feel like some of the burgers have a bit too much of everything going on. I love the idea of a taro bun, but in reality, maybe not needed on a burger with five other flavors. I got the kalbi burger and was in heaven. It's a messy joint, but totally delicious. Probably the most satisfied diner at our table. . . In retrospect, perhaps not that high on my list of places to return to, but it was there when we needed it. If you are an adventurous eater with a taste for Japanese flavors, you will likely love it, but if you are just a burger and fries kind of person, you may want to stay away or just keep it simple.
I came here with sky-high expectations. The people I know who've eaten here told me amazing things, but I found the food was just okay. The burgers and fries were good, but needed salt and pepper. So basic. I felt like they rely on sauces to make up for a lot of the flavor. The other thing I didn't like is that the menu has a lot of Asian items I'm unfamiliar with. While I consider myself an adventurous eater, I want to have a pretty good idea of what I'm ordering. I did ask the waiter to explain a few items, but I ended up going for a safe choice. . . Bottom line, there was nothing "wrong" with the food, but I'm not going to go home and crave the food from Bachi Burger. Honestly, In-N-Out is better, and cheaper.
Soooooooooo...its a burger joint priced like a sit down joint.  Not bad, but not awesome as the reviews state.  Its burgers with stuff burgers don't need.  Why not go to 5 Guys for lunch and Lee's Sandwiches for dinner?  Banh Mi Burger, EW, to combine the 2 is a prostitution of food!!!  ( Reminds me of bacon ice cream) Really weird burgers and really not worth the price...
Delicious food and probably the best burger in Las Vegas.  BUT make sure you have plenty of time to wait...  Once you put your name on the list its a good 45 minutes before you get any glimpse of your food.  If servers here worked in an emergency room patients would be dead in the grave before they got their name called...
I used to rave about this place to my friends and family, but my last visit here was just ok. I had the Kiki's Burger on my last visit and the taste was ok. The presentation of the burger was something they just slapped together. The bottom bun was hard...maybe the bread was old. It's hard to imagine that this restaurant would have old bread to serve because it is packed with people. Be prepared to wait a while for a table. The hostess will try to convince you to drive to their other location which is about 20-25 minutes away...not 15 min unless you are a race car driver. Lastly, the service was horrible. Our server or the kitchen lost our order and we were left waiting a long time for our food. What is worse is that the server never acknowledged that our order was not put it right away and did nothing to try to rush our food out.
Bachi Burger doesn't accept reservations, and our wait was about an hour.  There was about 4 parties ahead of us and plenty of tables available in the back to seat everyone, so don't know why we had to wait so long.  Our waitress took our order, but did not write anything down on a notepad. We ordered appetizers, burgers and fries.  She forgot to place our order of fries.  Half way through our burgers we finally were able to flag down another server to get our fries.  They apologized and placed our order of fries and charged us for one.  The service was okay, but the food was very delicious.  For appetizers, we had the duroc pork belly steamed buns with cilantro, scallions, radish with Chinese black vinaigrette and hoisin BBQ sauce. The pork belly was a thick cut, tender and flavorful, and the steamed buns were soft and warm.  The pork buns were really yummy.  My hubby had the Ronin burger - angus beef with caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg, katsu BBQ and yuzu citrus aioli,  and I had the Kikis burger - angus beef with sauteed shiitake, enoki & eryngii mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere cheese and garlic chili aioli.  Loved the juicy burgers with the Asian toppings and flavors.  We had our fries towards the end of meal - sweet potato fries which were tasty, and the truffle parmesan fries with parmesan reggiano topped with black truffle porcini cream sauce.  The cream sauce was rich and would have preferred to have the sauce on the side.  Overall, we enjoyed our Asian American fusion burgers and appetizers, but the service needs some improvement.
I try to go to as many restaurants as possible that are featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, so eventually I made my way to Bachi Burger. I knew about this place prior to it being on the show, but for whatever reason, I never ate here until this month. Not sure why it was featured because it's not a diner, drive-in, or dive.. . In any case, I saw the oxtail chili cheese fries featured on the show and chose that for my lunch. My favorite Filipino food is my mom's kare-kare, so I'm definitely a fan of oxtail. The dish was heavy on the fries and the oxtail was sparse. The fried egg on top was a nice touch that gave some nice creaminess to the dish. The flavor was good and I enjoyed the concept, but for $11.50 I really expected more.
Before when they first opened I was a huge fan of this place.. but now i'm wondering if the taste has slightly deteriorated with their jump in popularity??. . Their burgers are definitely good.. if I could give 1/2 stars they'd definitely be a 3.5.. but i'll have to drop it to a 3 because you will be expecting more than what you get from the long wait and hype.. . You probably won't go wrong with any of their burger choices..
Forget about the fact that you'll be spending about $20 for a burger and fries.. . . It was Saturday night on the strip and craving a burger at around 11:15pm.. . . Not to worry, Bachi Burger is open til midnight on Saturdays.. . So after a quick drive to an unsuspecting strip mall off Windmill, you'll find some unique gourmet-ish type burgers to kill that craving. It was my first time there so of course I had to have a burger but there are definitely some other things on the menu that I'd love to go back for and try ... like the chili fried chicken, pork buns or the oxtail chili cheese fries.. . . But I stuck with the plan and had the Miyagi San grass-fed Wagyu burger that had chili mayo,  fried egg, furikake, caramelized bacon and crispy onion rings. You pretty much feed any cows grass and you know that shit will taste delicious. . . I really can't tell the difference between the grass fed beef compared to others but the burger was damn tasty and I'd definitely come back to Bachi Burger when in LV even though it's off the strip.. . . So if you're craving a burger while in Sin City, haven't lost all your money gambling and drinking and have means of transportation to get here.. . . Give the place a try, just expect to overpay for a burger and fries but then remember again where you are.. . . Yup, LV.
Bachi has a very trendy vibe and asian fusion burgers.. . Plus:. - the size of the patties on their burger.. -medium rare was really medium rare (they must have quality beef here). -sweet potatoe fries, crispy on the outside, smooth and soft inside. . Minus. -does everything need a fried egg on top?. -oxtail fries, you couldnt tell it was oxtail, cant really tell if there's meat in it at all. this too had a fried egg on top.
Came here on a Saturday around noon, got seated right away since we sat at the bar, the wait was 20 min otherwise. The restaurant has a cool feel and all the dishes were plated nicely. Everything tasted pretty good, but the flavors were quite strong and I didn't love anything so much that I would come back for it (since there are so many great eateries in Vegas). . Ordered:. Oxtail Chili Fries - These were good! Salty, it was perfect to share with 3-4 people before the burgers came out. Ronin Burger - Good, strong onion flavor. Keiki Burger - OK, strong sweet flavor. . All-in-all, it was a good dining experience and if I had to go back I'd be interested in trying some of the other burgers. But I'd rather go to Serendipity 3 at Cesars Palace!
A little disappointed. While the creative parings and toppings were high quality and tasty the taste of the meat in the burger was a bit lacking.. . We ordered the sausage app, the sausages were tasty, served with a nice whole grain mustard. They were just sausages really, nothing special. We also had the chili chicken, that was pretty tasty.. . I had the Spicy Miso burger and it was spicy! My sinuses started to clear just from smelling it but not too hot to bear. It was tasty but again I was disappointed with the flavor if the meat itself. The meat was a bit bland, hard and dry. I got the impression that it was a frozen wagyu patty. So while the overall burger was good, it was more like I had all these tasty toppings, sauce and spices wrapped around a bland burger. . . I give Bachi props for the unique creation of an Asian/Burger fusion and the creative tastes but in the end an inferior or frozen beef patty will bring a good burger down and ultimately why I couldn't give them 4 stars.. . One tip if you get one of the burgers with a fried egg, be careful with the over medium egg..... Bite the wrong way and you could have a blast of hot liquid yolk shoot all over you! LOL
Warning, DO NOT get the boba tea. They make it with some nasty powdered creamer (per the waitress) and it results in a gross thick consistency. I got the papaya and it had no taste. They could have at least opened a Goya can and poured some papaya juice in.  I am fuming that I paid 4.5 dollars for that slop.. . That being said, the burgers and sweet potato fries are really good and worth a return for. I got the bachi burger and it was well-seasoned and juicy.
Oxtail chili cheese fries. -my friends raved about the Oxtail fries so I thought I would give it a shot. The fries were not bad, needs a little kick of spiciness, chili could be better. . . Had the Mr. Miyaki. Def better than the first time I was here and got the ronin burger, but I still don't see how this place gets the reviews that it does. . . I know their concept is Asian fusion but instead of just incorporating the sweet elements from Asian cuisine they should more of the spice elements from Asian cuisine. Most their dishes here are just too sweet.
I don't get the buzz.. Tasted weird.. The burger patty is soaked in some sort of soy crap.. To me this says, bad meat!  Poor meat!. Maybe itsn ot ba meat but I don't get why it needs to be soaked.  I guess its the trend.. If u don't like that trend this isn't the place for u.. The appetizers are good tho and so was the shake so that's why I gev it 3 stars. Mgmt was nice too. Was bopping around checking on tables.. Its just not for me.
My friends were raving about this place so I decided to join in and try out this place even though I'm not big on meaty/beefy burgers. I ordered the ronin burger and their Parmesan  truffle fries. The meat was cooked just as requested "medium" and the sauce were tasty and delightful. The buns were soft and sweet and it kind of reminded me of Hawaiian sweet bread/rolls. I liked the caramelized onions but they were too sweet. I am a big fan of truffle French fries but they could do better. Overall I like the place but I find it a bit over price for location and ambiance. I give this joint 3.5 stars
I guess I don't get it?. . Everything was wholly average. Burgers, service, prices--average. I ordered Kiki's burger--average. Some bites were overly sweet, but the mushrooms added a good savory touch. I had the garlic fries--average. They trick you into thinking you're getting an f-ton of fries and you're getting about a handful.. . Also, their hostesses kept seating people directly next to us, too, which was kind of irritating considering the restaurant was nearly empty. Twice the other diners asked to be moved so they weren't joining us for our meal.. . I'd have to be dragged back---to me, it's not worth a revisit.
I ordered some food to go... Had the salt garlic fries which could have use more salt though the aioli sauce did help.  Ordered some of the pork belly buns, came with a spicy hoisin sauce - okay.  It took forever to get our order too, if I hadn't gone back and checked on my order, I probably would have been waiting even longer. Service for to go orders is horrible. Even one of my bun's inner contents fell out when u opened the box... Maybe there more careful for dine ins, I hope.
Do you know how to tell if a place is really good? If you leave and find yourself thinking, "I really want to go there again." This wasn't te case with bachi burger. . . . Kiki burger: pretty tasty, had a nice sauce that made the burger stand out. . . Truffle fries: they were okay, honestly I've tried better fries. Maybe I should have gone with the oxtail chili fries. . The wait to sit was like 40 minutes, the wait for the food was about 20-25 I think. Don't come here super hungry. It would probably be better to have a snack first because you can get really grumpy after awhile.. . Service: our waiter was pretty nice. They let us sit outside even though it seemed like the patio wasn't open. Other people were seated outside too after awhile.. . The food was pretty good, but not spectacular. I think it's a place that people should try, but not somewhere I would visit often.
Ate there once with my boyfriend and some friends and just had terrible service. The food was good but our waitress sucked. Unfortunately because of how bAd the service was me and my boyfriend haven't gone back.
My husband and I wanted to try this place out to see what all the hype was about.. We went there about a week ago and the wait was about 10 minutes, not so bad. It was definitely smaller than I expected.. . We ordered the garlic fries which were okay. They weren't soggy which was good. My husband had a make your own burger with an egg, grilled onions, and cheddar and I had the Miyagi burger. The meat was delicious and I would expect it to be so with how much the burgers costed. My burger was actually the first burger I have had that didn't have any cheese on it, but it was still juicy enough to where it still worked out. . . Our server wasn't really that great. We're not the types to want to be checked up on constantly, but not being checked up doesn't go by unnoticed. When my husband got his drink there was a piece of mint or some type of green leaf in it which was big enough to where I don't know how the server didn't see it if he was paying any attention. . . The price for our two burgers, two fries, and a soft drink came out to being about $50 before tip. . . All in all, the place was okay, and not great. It wasn't a place where I knew right away I would be coming back very soon and especially for the price, I didn't feel it was worth it. The meat was good, but I feel like it's only better in your head because you know the beef is grass fed beef. I can definitely eat at different burger joints without missing this place or thinking about it in the back of my head.
I was really excited to stop by and check out batchi burger. After a long night drinking I was craving something substantial.  Unfortunately for me batchi bueger didnt live up to the hype.. . The staff was really nice and accommodating.  I appreciated our servers input and attentiveness.  We started off with the pork belly steamed buns. I enjoyed them they were something out of the ordinary and I dont usuall like pork belly. I would recommend you try them especially if you like pork belly.. . I also ordered the truffle parmesean fries and the mr miyagi burger. The fries were just ok for me they were cooked well. I enjoyed the parmesan but I really didnt care for the brown sauce I believe it was a truffle sauce. The mr miyagi burger was just ok for me as well. It had way too many sauces and seasonings. You can tell its quality ingredients I feel there is no need to mask the burger in all that sauce. Even though batchi burger is off of the strip you wouldn't know that by looking at the price of the. Food.. . I would still recommend you check out batchi burger, but it was nothing exceptional and I dont plan on comming back.
Really good food, service was okay. A little on the pricey side, and as good as the good is, I'm not sure it's worth the food to price ratio. Worth experiencing a few times, a good change from the norm aswell but that's about it.
Very SLOW service and they won't seat you until your whole party has arrived due to the limited amount of tables. It's very pricey and when I asked if I could substitute for fries instead of onion rings that came with my burger they said no. Burger was delicious but not worth $10 especially with no enjoyable side. Might try the Sahara location  but I don't plan on coming back to this one.
My friend had been raving about this place and how we just had to try it. It's way off the strip, about 5 miles so make sure you're willing to drive or take a cab. I heard it was also on one of those food network shows so it's getting more popular by the minute. When we got there around 1pm on a Saturday afternoon, there were groups of people chilling in the parking lot. I was prepared to wait a little bit but it was kinda insane, since we ended waiting probably about an hour and a half. We had a larger party of 6. So maybe that's the reason. But this place is not very big. They also advertised another location but not sure where that one is located. I def recommend smaller groups visiting or coming right when it opens to avoid the tortuous wait. Anyways finally was seated and got to order. Food takes about 15-20 minutes to come out so I recommend getting fries to tide you over. Unfortunately I didn't get a say and someone said yeah, bring everything at one time (instead of staggered or when ready). So I continued to starve a little longer (given it was almost like 3pm now and I had not eaten since dinner/5pm the previous day). This was a bad idea as I proceeded to scarf down my food super fast when it came to the table and my stomach was not feeling all that great about halfway through my burger. At least that's what I choose to believe over something was wrong with the food (ie contaminated or worse). I tried the Kiki's burger with mushrooms, onions, bacon and cheese. It was pretty darn good. And this is really an eat your burger with a fork and knife kind of place. Yeah the burgers are huge. Not sure how I could fit that thing into my mouth. As for the sides, for our big group we tried the oxtail chili cheese fries and the truffle fries. I love oxtail but was a little disappointed with these fries because I couldn't really taste the oxtail in it. It really just tasted like regular chili cheese fries to me but with an egg on top that made it slightly better. Since it was split up between a bunch of it, I only got to have a little bit so I may have to give it another try next time I'm in town. The truffle fries were really good though and I liked the truffle sauce they have on top. Didn't care too much for the sauce on the side - it's not totally needed IMO. Overall a pretty pricey meal. Burgers start at $10 and go up including the $26 fois gras burger. And the chilli cheese fries were like $11 with the truffle fries at about $4. My share with the gratuity charge they tack on with large groups was $20. Good thing I can only come every once in a while when I'm in Vegas. So many good burger combinations to try.
Bachi Burger is always on my list of places to go when I am in Vegas. Went around 10pm on Saturday and of course we had to wait, that is never a problem since the food is always so good. Once we were seated, our server came pretty quickly and was nice. That was the best part of our terrible service! Our server took about 10 minutes to bring our strawberry lemonade to the table and after waiting over 20 to 25 minutes, we received our food but never received out appetizer. When we mentioned it to our server, he said that he would get it put in right away. We opted not to get it anymore as we had seen many other tables that came in after us receive multiple things before we received anything. Our server looked as if he was on drugs, very jittery as he attempted to show us his pad of paper showing us our order and saying it was not his fault. Mid way through our meal, we ordered food to go, we sat and waited for over 20 minutes and finally was approached asking if we have received our food. I proceeded to tell the other server that we were waiting for our to-go order. As he walked away, I saw him go up to the register area and find that our to-go order had been sitting in the counter. I could not believe how terrible the service was at Bachi burger! The food is always good, but I felt like the server should never have been serving people food! He made mistakes on every single table he was helping in our area and instead of apologizing, he made excuses!
This place is located about 10-15 minutes off the strip, so it can be a bit inconvenient, especially since I hate driving when I'm in Vegas.. . Parking wasn't difficult to find since the lot is pretty big. It may be difficult to find a spot close to the restaurant though.. . The wait was about an hour long. My friends couldn't wait so they went to Subway to grab some food before eating lunch.. . I thought that the truffle fries were amazing, probably my favorite! I ordered the Ronin burger. The yuzu sauce created a good balance for the burger, but at the same time, I didn't think that they complemented that well.. . I think that this place is just average. I wouldn't come back here if I'm in Vegas.
Oh Bachi, how I've longed to come visit you. . . After a long wait, my family andI gorged on a wide selection of their menu. . . We ordered the pickled vegetables, oxtail fries, Spicy Miso Burger, Kiki's Burger and Kalbi's burger.. . Despite many raving reviews, I personally did not care for the Oxtail Fries. It was like chili over a bed of fries .. and the oxtail did not add much flavor, even the egg yolk (which was very minimal) did not wow me. I expected a lot more punch but it just tasted like chili over fries. If you didn't tell me there were oxtail in it, I wouldn't have known. For nearly $11, I was super disappointed. . . Out of all the burgers we tried, I LOVED the Spicy Miso Burger. It was so good, mouth-watering as I reminisce the burger. Delicious combination with the egg in it this time, and a wonderful flavor with the spiciness and miso-sauce. The burger was cooked to perfection at medium, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. . . I would rank Spicy Miso, Kalbi (the Kim Chee was alright. nothing too spectacular since I've had much better Kim Chee but there was a lot of flavor in every bite) and then the Kiki's . . We randomly tried the pickled vegetables (see picture attached) and it wasn't anything special. It was good though, just very dainty. . . The reason for the 3 stars as opposed to 4 is because I've had a lot of these different wacky speciality burgers and I only thought the Spicy Miso burger was worth the price. The food didn't wow me to the point where I would necessarily come here again because there's just SO MUCH more places to visit in Vegas!
Based on raving recommendations from my friends, I had high hopes for this place. The long wait probably added to my anticipation too. Unfortunately, I was rather disappointed. Either that or I was hungover from last night's festivities... but I don't think so... . . I was very excited to try the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries and they were good, but they didn't blow me away. . . The burgers on the menu seemed carefully crafted and included pan-Asian tastes and flavors. It is a gourmet burger joint, so it wasn't cheap, but it wasn't incredibly expensive either. . . I chose to build my own burger because all the burgers on the menu seemed to have one ingredient that I wasn't fond of. I didn't want to build a burger that was too big for my appetite, in fear that I wouldn't enjoy it, but I probably should've added all of those extras to counter the sweet patty. However, I'm not sure if the price of that would have sat right with me. Anyway... not that the meat was not cooked right--it was quality meat, juicy and well-seasoned--but I just did not enjoy my burger. Maybe it's just me, but when I go for burgers, I expect an all-American tasting burger patty instead of a teriyaki taste. Other people at my table agreed that their burger was overly sweet as well... but what do you expect from a place called Bachi burger--derived from hibachi I assume. . . I would like to come back and try other non-burger items on the menu. Drink-wise, I tried the honeydew milk tea and it tasted like a Melona bar in drink form--yum :) I had to get it to go before the long drive back to OC!
