Drinks were nice and strong. Waitstaff was very cool.I felt the food was a bit overpriced for the portions. Nice decor. Not much else to say here. View of Vegas was great though. Good place for a first or second date.
I don't even remember what I had here. I just remember the view.
Despite the MiX-ed reviews- sorry for the bad pun- I decided to dine hear because:. . 1. I was staying at Mandalay Bay and wanted to do something close.. 2. I had a $50 off Gift certificate. 3. I thought to myself, "well even if the food is so-so like I read, its got a great view and cool decor.". . Well I guess since I had lower expectations, I ended up being pretty happy with the experience. First thing I should mention, you really should view MIX as a French-influenced American steakhouse, as opposed to a French restaurant along the lines of Le Cirque. If you look at the menu, you'll notice how similar it is to a classic steakhouse. That said, the food isn't going to be mindblowing, but it is really good, albeit pricey. I love Foie gras, but at $32 for an app, this was the most I ever paid for it...but it was a nice sized portion and it was cooked perfectly. My filet mignon was perfect also, and i needed that after the chewy hangar steak I had at Sage the previous night. Dessert was a passion fruit souffle...again, very good...moist and eggy. . . The service was good, the setting was really cool..it really looks great in there at night with the lights dimmed...and the view was great also, althoguh tough to see because of the reflection on the windows. The elevator ride up is quite an experience also... a glass-enclosed elevator on the outside of theHOTEL giving you a view for the ride all the way up and back down. . . It was worth going to once, especially with the $50 off, but I don't think I'll be returning with all the other places in Vegas to try.
At the top of THE Hotel (not Mandalay Bay like some suggested) my party of ten dined here for a bachlorette/bday party weekend. Of the entire experience, I was most impressed with Mix lounge, which offers amazing views of the Strip and tasty cocktails in an outdoor/indoor lounge. I enjoyed a great lemon drop martini while waiiting to be seated. . . Here's where the stars begin to drop off. I was a bit thrown when the hostess at Mix said that they would not come get our party at the lounge or even give us some sort of beeper for when our table was ready. We came back for our 8:30 reservation (at 8:30) and ended up waiting 15 minutes while other parties where seated. It took a while for the hostess to even acknoledge us. It also seemed odd for a high-end, busy restaurant to only have one hostess.. . Our table had two servers which was a bit confusing, especially since one server was great and the outher was lousey. The lousely server pointed out that we had (by mistake) ordered a half bottle for the table but when we asked for recommendations for a full bottle, he simply offered a name "under the Oregon section" and walked away. Doesn't seem much of a helpful recommendation, espcially with such an extensive wine list. It took a bit to thumb through and actually find the section where this wine was listed. . . To start the meal the table shared a plated of toast and meats with mustard and the ahi tuna with mango. The ahi was very good and small (I'd suggest the full order). The toast and meats plates certainly had toast...which was burnt black. The clever cook turned the burnt parts inward towards each other so the bread looked ok from the outside. The black toast was sent back.. . Dinner was just ok. The majority of the table ordered pepper-crusted med-rare filets with sides. My steak came out visably medium, which I addressed to the 'good' waiter's attention. I ended up just eating it since it would have taken too long to re-order and my sides would have been cold. I tried the forked mashed potatoes, which were fine, as well as the wild mushrooms, which were also fine. Nothing mind-blowing. If your steak is lacking it's hard to get excited about the sides. . . Our fun waiter, though, was actually a blast. He was a "retired" chip-and-dales dancer that even did a spin and body roll to amuze the table while taking away our toast. You can't make this up!. . He brought us a free pasion fruit dessert drink with coconut foam..which was amazing! I wish this was on the menu! He also served us fresh macaroons from the baking sheet with sides of nutella to end the meal (also complementary). While our one server came though, I'd say from the food experience, I wouldn't come back. Too many good food choices in Vegas to blow a couple hundred bucks on a meal here. I'll definitly be back for the lounge.
I have to update this place.  It was one of my favorite places to be in Vegas but they cut down on their tapa portions (prices are the same).  The martinis are still amazing, and the view is obviously the same, but just don't come hungry because you'll leave disappointed.
Yes, pricey and plenty of 'tude to go around. But as mentioned numerous times, great views and the night we were there must've been '80s dance hits night cuz they were rocking the Paula Abdul videos. Fun.
We had dinner at MIX and had a nice view of the sunset and the strip from where we sat.  I like the indoor/outdoor aspect, in particular the view from the lounge as other reviewers have mentioned.  It is is worth a visit for that alone!. . Our table had a 4 course tasting menu with wine pairings.  We chose the Alain Ducasse classics menu, which featured his signature tenderloin as the entree.  . . I was disappointed that the sommelier didn't describe each of the wines for us as they were delivered (only the one with the main entree).  At other restaurants, it has been the sommelier and not the waiter who explains the wine.  . . The waiter was a bit over-enthusiastic about the food (almost like he wanted to convince us how good it was) and Alain Ducasse, explaining to us who he is (we already know, that's why we were there!).  . . The second course was a lobster curry that wasn't a favorite of our table.  All of the other dishes (Seabass with asparagus, tenderloin with foie gras, and traditional bhaba rum cake) were all very tasty.
This is for the restaurant, and not the club:. . Five stars for the atmosphere, 5 for the view, 5 for service, but only 2 for the food itself.. . Riding up the secret elevator to the top floor of the Mandalay Bay was by far the highlight of this experience.  The glass elevator propels you high up to the 44th floor, where you have a panoramic view of the strip. . . http://images.travelpod.com/tw_slides/ta00/a62/d2e/view-from-mix-top-of-mandalay-bay-west-bristol.jpg. (I did not take this picture). . The Boneless Ribeye with black peppercorn was not visually appealing, but its flavor wasn't too bad.  Mix's downfall were their side dishes. The Wild Mushroom Fricasee was limp and unflavorful.  The Fork Crushed Potatoes tasted starchy and bland. And for something that they're supposed to be "famous" for, the miX Macaroni  and Cheese with Ham is to be avoided at all costs, unless you feel like shelling out $9 for Easy-Mac with chunks of Oscar Meyer ham slices.. . Service was impeccable though.  We were in a rush after dinner, but our server insisted on complimentary dessert for our entire party.  I'd definitely return here, but merely for the view/bar/drinks.
This review is for the CLUB (not the restaurant).  TO BE CONTINUED
For the view and ambience? 5 stars.. For the food for the verrry high price? I say 3.. . This place is on the 64th floor and you just really can't beat the view.  The service was alright, a little slow but I think that's just because of the type of place it is - they never want to rush you.  . . Drinks were very high and for four of us our bill came out to be around $250. The filet mignon was delicious but nothing better then I've had at many other steak houses at the casino's along the strip... you definitely pay for the ambiance and view here!
Came here on the Saturday before the 4th of July. In our group of four, me and my bf had the Taste of Mix tasting menu and got the wine pairing to go with it. The other two had the Classic tasting menu and wine pairing. The atmosphere is classy and looks beautiful at night. . . I don't remember the whole meal, but here are the things I do remember.... The amuse bouches were great. The first course was a salad which was just alright. The next dish had foie gras and apricot which was amazing. The entree I remember being good...I think it was lamb. The dessert was a "candy bar" which was rich and chocolately..but a little to heavy for my liking. Each glass of wine was very well paired with each course.. . The mood of our meal changed drastically when I found a piece of thin GLASS in my wine. Yup...a piece of glass about the size of a half dollar. Luckily, it stuck to the side of my wine glass so I didn't get to my mouth. Also, the manager came over and apologized took off the cost of 2 wine pairings. They handled it well, but something like that should have never happened. Who knows what could've happened if I swallowed that piece of glass.
Came here to get our drank and boogie on for a wedding reception. We had a table which was nice, the drinks were decent priced for Vegas, aka expensive, and the view was gorgeous. It lays on top of Mandalay Bay Hotel so what do you expect? The place was pretty packed, the bar was huge but the dancefloor is teeny tiny. I understand this place is not a night club, it's a lounge but damn. The DJ was rude and refused to play a request for the couples first dance. It wasn't like we were requesting Olivia Newton John, shit! Overall, the place was really nice, and we had a lotta fun despite the teeny dancefloor and the boob of a DJ!
I really like Mix! The view from here is amazing, just what you would want to see while youparty in vegas. There are plenty of couches and stools for you to sit in case dancing isn't for you and it doesn't even get stuffy in there. . . i wish i could review the food but sadly all we did was drink lol. We got in for free (guys too) for being hotel guests. Thanks Mandalay! money saved! Drinks were great, not watered down which helped our buzz! The crowd was a good mix of people; black, white, asian, hispanic, older, younger... as diverse as you can get. This isn't one of the clubs that get really crackin though. . . I blame that on the DJ.... so when we walked in i was really hyped to hear hip hop. for some reason i feel like hip hop and vegas never happens bc some douchebag will request geigh ass house all night. i dont have a problem with house music here and there but fist pumping???? god can we all get over that?! anyway the DJ was playing some good hip hop and R&B, dance floor was crackin then BAM.... CeeLo - forget you. UHHHHHH? who dances to that song?! Can you even dance to that song? so many ppl left the floor at that point... THEN the track up next was "Aint no mountain high enough". UHHHHH????! WTF?!  . . maybe the dj did that on purpose bc i swear everyone went to the bar at that point to drink more. whether it's strategy or not... DJ please practice your playlist and see if YOU yourself can dance to that and if it hypes you up. lol. . . i definitely will come back here to chill if i ever stay at mandalay again. if you're staying at venetian or somewhere like cesars it's not worth the trip bc you'll find a better crowd at TAO or pure. if you're looking to relax and not get bombarded with people this is the spot to go.
This review is for the lounge only. With the way Vegas is hurting it was not a surprise we were offered  free coupon for a drink and entrance for thisplace. For a Friday night the crowd was thin. The view is pretty kewl as you get to see the whole strip in its glory from high up. We enjoyed our drinks with a cigar in the balcony and headed out. Not much else to say. Maybe the food is better.
As others have mentioned, "lobster au curry" was good. Service was pleasant. The view was nice. . . Unfortunately, everything else was just OK. For the price, I would not go back again. I kind of wish I hadn't gone. I was expecting something better since I dropped 3 figures on a meal. . . While the food was edible, this place was just meh. Not too much flavor. Not much to remember.... :/  If you want to have an experience to remember, this is not the place.
Flew in late and we were staying here, so decided to spend our first night eating here to enjoy the amazing view from the 64th floor of Mandalay/The Hotel. My husband booked in advance, specifically requesting balcony seating so we could enjoy the view. We arrived early for our reservation and were seating in a corner inside, and were told, "sorry, only tables for larger parties were still available." We were bummed, but the interior decor is pretty cool to look at, with all the bubbles hanging from the middle of the room. I guess they were slammed because it took awhile for the server to get to us. He was a little standoffish at first but when my husband asked his name, he warmed up immediately. Once we ordered and told him we were starving, the food came out quickly. Four kinds of bread, including sourdough, french and dinner rolls. The bread was average but they include this homemade peanut butter that was to die for. My husband's first $16 martini was totally watered down. When he complained, they shouldn't have charged for it, and offered a second one to make up for it. My husband ordered the cod, which was unbelievable. Flaky and crispy skin on top and moist, buttery goodness underneath. Wow! Unfortunately, the other items we ordered were average. I got the scallops, which were fine. Nothing spectacular. A little on the small side. But their "famous" mac n cheese? I can't understand why it's famous? Very mediocre.
Mix has a great view, but the food is average. The gnocchi were not very good, the spicy crab salad was so so, the scallops were ok. Overall, it is one level down from Aureole. The highlight for me was the green tea, which was good.
Had dinner here last night with a few co-workers.  I started with the (duck) foie gras and then had the bison tenderloin and a quince tart for dessert with some lovely sorbet.  . . All in all, it was a good meal, the view was great, the wine was good and the atmosphere is a welcome retreat from the noise and flash of the strip.  Yet, somehow, it didn't all add up to a spectacular meal - it was a very good meal, but for whatever reason, this isn't the type of experience that makes me want to bring my wife here the next time we're in Vegas.. . Let me be clear, you will have a good meal here.  You probably won't make memories here, however.  What's the english translation for Je ne sais quoi?  Whatever it is, this place is missing that.
It was very fancy mancy here. The food was ok. Just go to Studio B buffet. :)
Sure, it's a very nice restaurant.  But this is a town full of nice restaurants.. . The space is amazing - you take a glass elevator up to the top of THEhotel, and step into a cross between a nightclub and an 1960's movie version of heaven's lobby with a huge chandelier taking up most of the room.  There are spectacular views of the strip ( ask for a table with a view ), as well as an outdoor balcony area ... 65 floors up.. . As others have mentioned, the tasting menu is a little bit ... difficult to obtain.  We were one of the later reservations of the evening, and were rather put out to discover that the chef was uninterested in providing us with his best at that hour.  They did not indicate that full service would be unavailable when we made our reservation.. . After that rather rough start, service was very friendly and personal.. . The food was fine, but nothing to write home about.  Roasted Curry Lobster is definitely the stand out - a more adventurous combination of flavors.  Otherwise, they have a foie dish, tuna tartare, steak and seafood that are not particularly different, or memorable.  Even the chef's tasting is just a combination of regular menu items.. . So - go for the setting and the view, but don't expect to always be able to get the tasting, and look forward to a competent but rather uninspired dinner.
For the food and the restaurant decor/views, I would give FOUR stars. The service falls somewhere in between 2 and 3 stars. . . I took my mom here for Christmas dinner, and we were both impressed by the view and the decor as you walk in the restaurant. MIX sits on the 65th floor of the THEHotel next to Mandalay Bay, and the restaurant has dazzling 360-degree views of the Las Vegas Strip. In the middle of the main dining area is an artistic installation of a curtain of glass bubbles overflowing from the ceiling. It is quite impressive to watch. . . As for the food, we had fois gras and pumpkin gnocchi for appetizers. Both were tasty and just the right portion size. The fois gras is not as sweet as the ones I've tasted (where they caramelize it with fruit), and it is well seared. The gnocchi was creamy and had good flavor when paired with thin strips of bacon and cheese. My mom and I both ordered lobster dishes and they were both also very good. . . My biggest gripes about this place were related to the service. First, for the amount of money that I am spending for dinner, I expect my glass of water to be filled without me having to ask first. Same with the sodas. Instead, I had to ask the waiter at the end of the meal (when I was coughing out loud) for water. Secondly, my mom had asked for one of the items in their fixed price menu (which cost $28) as an a la carte. The server asked the chef, and he got back to us to say that this was okay. However, when I was finally ready to pay for the bill, they had marked this one item up as 100% MORE than the original price. I'm not worried about the price, but in principle, what they did was sneaky, and I did not like it one bit. Lastly, when we were leaving to walk towards the Mandalay Bay entrance (which is where we came in), they had to shoo us back towards the THEHotel entrance because of a private function (although the lounge itself was totally empty). . . So all in all, while the food tasted great, there are other fancy restaurants out there with better service that I could go to in the future.
The view from the Mix lounge is terrific, and the ride up in the glass elevator is also very fun. The restaurant ambiance is also very nice with a glass bubble chandelier hanging from the center and panoramic views. However, it is still casual. The furniture has started to look a bit worn, or maybe we were seated in a bad corner which was right by the server desk.. There was some complementary bread as a starter, we weren't very hungry so we ordered the entrees directly. They were excellent - Brown Butter Cod and the Mediterranean Rib meat Lamb with Eggplant Lasagna. It was a great combination of flavors. We did not want dessert but the server brought us some complementary fresh baked madeleines with chocolate. It was nice but too sweet for my taste. . . Service was ok, our bread and water server was much friendlier than our main server who was just stiffly polite. It seems like the service is variable.. . It's a nice restaurant but a little pricey overall and I would probably check out some other restaurants in Mandalay Bay like Fleur and Aureole next.
You have read all the good things about this place that I agree with..food taste, view, ambiance.  Our waiter was lacking though.  I've had far better service at Ruth Chris' steak house.   It wasn't busy,  early evening on Saturday night.   He just couldn't get it together.   The food was Delicious, but eat before you go as the portions are super small for the price.  Value vs price,  Id eat elsewhere and come up for the lounge and a drink.    . . The lounge DJ was missing the beat.   The venue overall is set  up nicely, but there wasn't much of a crowd on a Saturday night even with the stunning view.   Most people were coming in for about 45 minutes and leaving.  If your looking for more of a club,  don't go here.   If you want a glass of wine and view with your significant other,  come here.
I really wanted to love Mix. I had heard a lot of good things and decided we would finally give it a try. What a disappointment. When my husband and I first arrived, no one was there to greet us. We waited and finally decided to ask someone for assistance. An employee said we could go sit in the lounge and they would come get us. Our reservation was at 6. It was 6:15, and no one came to the lounge so we yet again had to find someone to help us. We finally get seated and the server asks us if we had a show to catch. We told her no but I wish we had said yes because they were SO slow. We were literally there almost 3 hours! I understand we had the pre fixe dinners, but 3 hours is excessive. . . We each got a different pre fixe meal - the $90 and the $120 one and decided we would share everything. If I am paying over $100 pp person for dinner, I expect it to be good - DAMN GOOD. What a disappointment. So, here is a run down of each item:. . Spicy Crab Salad - the crab part wasn't bad but there was something really off in this salad. We could not put our finger on it but if whatever it was, was left it, it would have probably tasted a lot better. . . Butternut Squash Ravioli - pretty good. . Seared Diver Scallops - these were also very good. . Lamb - was actually the best lamb I've ever had although the eggplant whatever else was in the side dish that came with it was disgusting and I love eggplant. . . Tender Potato Gnocchi - this wasn't bad. . Lobster "Au Curry" - I think the way it was prepared ruined the dish. Had the rice and the lobster been separate dishes it would have been much better. I ended up eating them separately so as to not ruin the taste of the lobster. Lobster is good as it is, why try and dress it up just to ruin it? . . Filet Minion - very good. Cooked perfectly. . . Both desserts were very good. . . 2 dinners, 2 light beers and 2 mixed drinks made our bill come out to $375, which included gratuity. Luckily we had a $50 certificate from restaurant.com and we had comps from our players card so we ended up paying $130 out of pocket. Had we paid more, I would have been really unhappy. Our meal wasn't even worth the $130 we paid. I admit the view is amazing and they have some good options for dinner, but I say if you want to see the view, go to the lounge, see the view and then leave. There are a million other places in Vegas where you could spend much less and get a MUCH better meal!
Definitely mixed reviews for Mix!. . First, the cocktails are terrible! I can barely find a true good cocktail in Vegas! I'm talking mixology cocktails...not pour liquor in a glass and add a mixer cocktail but ones with some thought and care. The wine list was good though so I'd recommend going in that direction.. . We had a party of 8. Three of our meals went back. One of the meals was the $58 bison steak...it was colder than it was outside! Another meal was the sirloin. It was ordered butterflied and delivered as charred hockey pucks. The other meal (was mine) it was the barramundi fish. It was SO overdone I could barely cut it with a knife.. . After we sent our meals back....while the rest of our party enjoyed their meals they came back in an enjoyable state. Although, I ended up changing my order to the curried lobster...read in other reviews and would definitely recommend that dish!. . We sat outside. It was winter but they had heaters and the view was pretty. Ladies...watch your heels in the deck...they will slip down the cracks! I thought I was going to break a heel when mine got stuck!
Once you look past the annoying spelling of miX and THEhotel (really, is the pretentious capitalization of those letters necessary?) you realize that the restaurant is more style than substance. The view, particularly from the outdoor balcony, is one of the best in town. The mod atmosphere created from the wall of bubbles in the center of the main dining area, the oversized pod dining booths, and spartan decor would lead you to believe that the meal you're about to enjoy will be both trendsetting and unforgettable. It's neither.. . A French restaurant with a decidedly American spin along with Latin and Asian influenced dishes, the food sounded and looked better than it tasted. The gnocchi, sitting in a savory veal jus, was more mushy than pillowy. The tuna tartare was memorable only because of the bold sweetness and acidity of the mango chutney.. . The entrees we dined on were good, but underwhelming for the price. Without the benefit of the bernaise and peppercorn sauces the under seasoned filet would have been disappointing. I did enjoy the curry sauce on the roasted Main lobster "Au Curry" dish, but the bed of bazmati rice -- and I use the term "rice" loosely -- was like eating oatmeal. Not a good combo with lobster in my opinion. The claw meat was wonderful, but the tail meat was so tough I had to use my wife's steak knife to cut it.. . For dessert, we shared the chocolate souffle. Not bad, but the highlight was the rocky road ice cream it came with. The other couple we dined with ordered the apple quince and caramel -- a tatin with a caramel parfait and green apple sorbet. I was able to sneak in a few bites and thought it was a fabulous mix of sweet and tart flavors. Following dessert madeleines were brought out for the table. A nice gesture, but they were so dry that not even the nutella that came with it could save it.. . The disappointment didn't end with the food. Service was too casual and lackluster for a place that has garnered a Michelin star. I don't remember our server's name, but he seemed to be more suited to renting out surfboards on some random beach than working at a "high-end" French place.. . On a positive note, there are restaurant dot com gift certificates available to lessen the shock of receiving the bill.. . 2.5 Stars
The decor, service and view are stunning and worth the trip to the restaurant. The bar/club area is not nearly as good in service. The food is good, but you can get food just as good at other restaurants for less money. I enjoyed the evening there, but would go back to other restaurants before this one.
I have dined at Mix many times with a friend of mine and loved it, so we suggested it for our mutual friend's birthday extravaganza. The evening did not start out as intended. First, you have to go on a scavenger hunt to find the hostess podium, why they hide it is beyond me as it makes perfect sense to have it out front and visible. After we checked in, we were seated in the middle of the dining room. Every other diner in the restaurant was seated with a view of the strip so we thought that was a little odd. Sure, we are young, but we were going to spend plenty of money considering the price of the entrees! So we asked to be reseated, since it was my friend's birthday we were hoping for a seat with a view, I meanthat is the allure of Mix. We were immediately seated in a corner in front of the hostess podium, with a view of the Southwest, ummm OK? So we asked if we could sit outside instead. The hostess begrudgingly lead us outside and sat us in the far corner of the balcony, with a beautiful view of the airport. This seemed very passive aggressive to me and that belief was validated as she whispered into our waiters ear for a good few minutes, not even trying to hide the fact that she was clearly talking about us. We seriously almost got up and left, as there are plenty of other fabulous dining options in Mandalay Bay. Now, I agree that we may have been a pain, but the restaurant was nearly empty and there were plenty of tables open on the balcony the entire time we dined, so it was not like the place was packed and we were demanding a specific seat. Also, the strip celebrated Earth hour, so it was really cool to see all the lights go out on the strip, of course we had to stand and peer over the railing since we were still in a corner, but we definitely enjoyed the view. Overall, this was really a sour start to what was supposed to be a fun evening.. . The food at Mix never disappoints and it shouldn't for the price. You always start out with a selection of fresh baked breads, so many delicious choices it's hard not to fill up. I always get the braised Wagyu beef and I am always happy with it. It is served in a cute little pot with a delicious braising sauce, carrots, mushrooms, and pearl onions. It is fork tender and a nice size for the price. I shared a bite with everyone and they were all very jealous! I also tried a bite of my husband's ribeye and my friend's venison, which were both delicious. We always get a side of mac and cheese with ham, which is always a creamy and delicious winner. We tried the fries as well, they had a weird seasoning on them, but worked when I dipped them in the Wagyu gravy. They also serve a complimentary Madeleine pastry at the end of the meal, which is lemony and delicious. I definitely appreciated that they brought them out with a happy birthday plate and a side of Nutella for our friend, it was the least they could do after how we were initially treated. . . Overall, I love Mix, but will think twice after this debacle. They have a fabulous view and fantastic food, but nobody likes a pretentious and unfriendly start to their meal. Our evening would have been 100% better if it had started with a smile and a warm greeting, nobody likes to feel like a pain, change the attitude Mix and you will have a packed house every night. It seriously pains me to give you 3 stars since I truly believe that the food is 4 star, but I can't ignore how we were treated.
Came for our last night in Vegas for a romantic meal. The view (and decor) was absolutely incredible and hands down worth coming for at least a round of drinks in the lounge. However, we weren't too satisfied with the restaurant experience. The waiter we had was snooty (perhaps assuming young clientele = cheap tippers?) and talked down to us. We tried to get past it, but it left a lasting impression on us. Despite the service, we had a pretty good meal. We ordered the lobster Caesar salad and gnocchi, both were fairly good. For my entree, I got the Wagyu beef, which came as a pot roast and wasn't what I was expecting for a fine dining meal. Husband got the curry lobster dish, which was very good. We capped it off with a bottle of wine in the lounge and views overlooking the strip at night. Bottom line, come for drinks, but skip the food.
Bar is amazing.  The Restaurant was sub par for the prices.  I ordered the peppercorn filet and it was encrusted with WHOLE peppercorns which made it inedible.  It should have been stellar for that price point.
Went for drinks.  The place is all about the view.  Spectacular.
I was a little dissapoint in MIX.  It has an amazing view, but other than that I don't think there is much there.  The way the bar area flows doesn't seem to work great and it isreally dark and really loud.  The view does make up for a lot and I was pretty impressed witht he wait staff.  They were able to bring us drinks impressively quickly for as difficult as it seemed to be to maneuver around.
This restaurant has outstanding views of the strip but the food leaves a bit to be imagined. Our appetizers were good, but not out of this world outstanding (we had the gnochi and the charcuterie board), and our main courses were not very good at all. I had the lamb which was quite salty, I couldn't even finish it, my friend had the veal which was nothing great. The sides that accompanied our main courses were not good at all.
I was invited here by some colleagues during a work retreat and treated to an extravagant place with over-the-top prices on food. There were many areas to MIX that ran the gamut of styles. First of all, the entrance to MIX was just a hallway to an outdoor elevator that shot up to the top of the hotel; by the way, it was hot! . . Once we got in, there was the lounge and bar area which were club-like and very loud. Vegas, yes yes. We apparently were in the back past the kitchen so we moved from that very dark, very loud setting to a white bubbly restaurant area. Talk about modernized fancy schmancy - even our bread came with square pats of creamy butter and sweet peanut butter. By the way, the pimento bread was very excellent and good on its own without any spread. . . So after trying to get a little comfortable in this unfamiliar setting of a swanky restaurant (and staring at the price tags on the food), I decided that since I was already in the situation, I ought to take full advantage of it. I mean, when else am I going to place myself there with a high-priced menu? Therefore, what else to order but one of the chef's signature dishes, the filet mignon rossini? It came with seared foie gras and sliced black truffles. Oh and I believe there was also a side of mashed potatoes for me too. When they came out, they honestly weren't presented in a way that made my mouth water (actually, the waiter set the plate down in front of me incorrectly with the insignia not turned properly). However, the tenderness of the steak certainly played its part in charming me. Was the best I've had though? No but the seared foie gras really helped pull the flavors together. Let's not forget the truffle! The mashed potatoes were also both fluffy and still chunky enough to please my palate. Now, was the whole entree worth $69? I'd say not. Was it delicious and juicy? Yes it sure was.. . I couldn't resist getting dessert with such wonderful descriptions listed on the menu (turn a blind eye to the price tag, Minerva!). I ended up with a hazelnut souffle paired with grapefruit sorbet. Uh, who pairs the two together? I was hoping that I'd get them in some kind of complex mix but alas, they were presented separately on one plate. The hazelnut souffle had too much sugar in some parts so that it was unnecessarily cavity-inducing crunchy. I really enjoyed the sorbet but felt that it was odd to include the bits of sugar in the bowl. The candied grapefruit peel was delicious but again, too sweet. I'm glad I had the experience here but once again was proven correct in my thought that the cost and high profile appearance of a place does not say anything about the food. It's all about the diner, and this diner was only somewhat satisfied that night.
Has a nice view of the strip. Hella expensive drinks and our waitress was terrible!
As stunningly beautiful as it is, eating at Mix is kind of like eating in an airport terminal or a shopping mall. The high ceilings and glass and granite surfaces create an echo effect, so every sound reverberates off the walls and floors and just makes for an unsettling dining experience.. . Acoustics aside, the food was pretty decent, although not quite as impressive as we had hoped. The best dish of the evening was the Spicy Crab Salad. Elegantly presented on a bed of guacamole and topped with shredded heart of palm, it was lively and fresh and made you feel like you were at a resort in Cabo. The Cod Brandade was acceptable, but I was expecting exceptional. The lemon and capers just weren't enough to brighten up the bland brown butter sauce and the soggy fried parsley. And the Duck Breast was so forgettable that I simply forgot what went with it.. . We were very impressed, however, with the wine service. We didn't want to order a bottle, so we just asked the somm to pair our dishes for us. He seemed to enjoy the challenge and was a delight to talk to.. . One last note: I realize there isn't much the restaurant can do, but people really should not bring young children to these kinds of places. It's inappropriate and inconsiderate to your fellow diners -- especially so at Mix because the sound of your rug rats squealing and shouting gets amplified throughout the entire restaurant.
Came here for dinner, not the lounge portion, but if you want beautiful panoramas of the city I highly suggest you start here. But, be careful, they seem to be pretty snotty about outdoor seating even when the place is empty. Call ahead.. . As for dinner, the restaurant is beautiful. You walk in and get instant visual stimulation. It's incredible. From the decor to the lights of the city all around, it really is just a place that draws you in. . . There were a few thins that happened that could have been avoided and this would have been a four star experience. The first incident was being seated in a cozy little nook where conversation could be had without being so close to the next person you feel like you're sharing family secrets. That didn't last long. The hostess immediately, in a bare, empty, no one-there restaurant, seats people right next to me and my date. Hello? That is beyond rude. I mean, the tables are so close together as to be really uncomfortable. To use the bathroom I literally had to wedge myself between my table and the one next to us. Awkward. Also, the waiter, when asked for my favorite Belgian beer tried to tell me they only carried one type. I had to insist that he go ask someone because he was wrong (for the record, Chimay comes in blue, white and red). . . Other than those two missteps everything was okay. The service was quick and flawless. The time between waiter visits was perfect. I had to ask for water just one time and after that I couldn't take a sip without it being refilled. So, great job of picking up on that. We were also greeted by several people on our way in which I thought was a very nice touch.. . Onto dinner. For appetizers I had the dinner salad which was essentially a larger than average bowl of mixed greens. It was mixed with a vinaigrette of some sort that just added to the bitter taste of the overall salad. I wouldn't recommend. My date had the spicy crab salad which was delicious, but absolutely could have come from mom's kitchen. What can I say, my mom's a great cook! . . For an entree I had the 12 oz. boneless ribeye. It was cooked perfectly, but was much too large for me to eat so I brought the extra home. It was delicious. It did happen to be more of a fatty cut than I was used to, excessively so. It was fine, but I prefer less fat, more beef, obviously. For sides I chose the fork crushed potatoes. They were chunky and rich, but again, they could have come from my mom's kitchen. . . My date had the pepper crusted bison tenderloin and seemed to enjoy it. I dislike that much pepper anywhere near me, but it looked delicious. His side was sauteed spinach which he found delicious. . . For dessert I passed, but my friend had the ice cream/toppings. You get four choices of either and he chose pistachio ice cream, salted caramel ice cream and vanilla ice cream with coconut crunch as a topping. The pistachio was creamy and rich, I loved it. I could have done without the coconut, but really it wasn't a distraction. I disliked INTENSELY the salted caramel. It tasted very bland and very unlike any salted caramel I've ever tasted. I almost think that's a taste that belongs solely in candy form. I just don't think it translates well to other things, which isn't the fault of the restaurant, I've just never found that it works on much else but candy. As for the vanilla, well, it was vanilla. . . All in all the decor, charm and service were perfection. The food was so enjoyable although I didn't get the Michelin star experience, I don't think. The food really was good and the view was just beautiful. With all the restaurants in Vegas, though, I doubt I'll revisit. But, do go try it once!
Food = mediocre. View = amazing
The view is the best part of the restaurant, and a good portion of it is blocked by poorly positioned bathrooms.  Some bad design choices.  Oh, and getting seated underneath the chandelier with the low ceilings is awful.  Try not to be there.. . The food was hit or miss; the lamb was excellently prepared, but the strip looked terrible.  The gnocchi was flavorful and well balanced, while the lobster salad was bland and forgettable.  . . And whatever the name of the dessert with the armagnac-soaked bread is, it's terrible.  Avoid at all costs.. . Service was average; my water wasn't refilled nearly quickly enough, and drinks were very slow in coming.  The servers also screwed up plating virtually everyone's appetizers, which was more entertaining than annoying, but still worth noting.. . Being Vegas, you can do better.
The setting is pretty spectacular.  You sit at the top of one of the tallest hotels in Vegas, looking out over the Strip.  We sat at one of the outside tables.  A group of ladies next to us actually requested to be moved inside because one of them was afraid of heights.  Service was very good, but we felt the food was average.  Not bad, but nothing really jumped out at us as really good.  And at the prices you are paying, it should be on par with the top restaurants in the city.
I have been looking forward to come here for a few years but never had a reason to until this year... and I went twice! It's a nice bar but the main feature is definitively the view! It sit on top of THEHotel at Mandalay Bay ans has a great view from the strip looking north. It has an outside area that can get quite windy as it was the case that week. Otherwise, i found that it was loud and generally expensive unless you go for a private party and don't have to pay (this was my case both times).
I've eaten at Mix three times now and while it's definitely only a three star as far as cuisine is concerned, I would still probably return.... . First of all, the restaurant is absolutely gorgeous. Fantastic ambiance. The Lounge area is a Vegas absolute must and the main reason I'll probably return again and again. If I were to rate Mix based on the Lounge (view) and the decor, I'd have to give it 5 stars. . . Now to the food and service. The food is just okay. Not good... I promise you won't be blown away... not bad either. Just food on a plate that tastes okay. . . I ordered the lobster curry for my latest meal. It was lobster in a non-spicy, light curry sauce. Nothing fancy or brilliant about it. I probably could have done something better at home. . . I had the tuna tartare for an appetizer. It was very good... but again... something I could have easily created in my home kitchen. When I go out I'd rather be wow'd by wondering how the chef could have prepared something so wonderful. You won't find any of that at Mix. . . The service was good. We had two large tables and they serviced our needs quite well... though the meal probably took a little longer you'd expect, but they try to time everything just right.. . This is pretty much how I'd summarize every meal I've eaten at Mix. Something you can easily prepare at home that tastes good but you'll pay a pretty penny for at a nicely decorated restaurant with good service. . . If you've never been there... I'd highly recommend at least checking out the Lounge area. It's probably one of the top two or three places that I love having an evening cocktail at and watch the sunset. Get tipsy enough and you certainly won't mind paying for a meal there.
Went to Mix lounge on July 11th at around 11ish, the elevator was like a sauna.  We got in free so that's always a plus.  Very nice lounge and view was awesome.  Drinks were pretty tasty, but there just wasn't that many people in there.  It has so much potential to be great, but they got to get more people in there.  We didn't stay long because of the inactivity of the crowd.  Snaps some photos and went on our way.
Love the lounge/club & the view.. . But the restaurant was overpriced for very small portions of food that was good, but nothing special. . . You would expect amazing from the pricing and where this place is located.
This was my second visit to the restaurant.  This time,  I ordered, N.Y. Stake, Lamb, and Filet Mignon . Well, Lamb and N.Y. was great, but my wife's Fielt Mignon was so bad that we had to send it back.  It tasted like, it came out of Old Freezer and texture was like rubber like.  and it was too over cooked, when we asked for Midium, it came very close to become Well Done.  . Over All taste was good, but not like the taste that I used to rememberd MIX as fine dining. . View is great, if you want to impress someone. be sure to sit by the window to enjoy the full view of LV Strip.
My last dinner in Vegas and it was disappointing okay.   Nothing really blew me away and I was expecting it for the price you pay.  Granted the ambiance is very nice and service amazing, but the food was lack luster.  . . I got the tasting 5 course pre-fixe dinner.  It included a spicy crab salad, fois gras, cod, lamb, and dessert.  The best part of the meal was the dessert.  The others were good and some were bland.  We did get some complimentary items which were a nice touch, but it didn't make up for the food.. . With all the many restaurants in Vegas I would not be back here.  Sorry.
Amazing view! That is all I have to say! . . This restaurant is located at the very top of 'the Hotel'. They have such a spectacular view of the strip!.... . honestly speaking though, that's about it!....I came here for valentines day with my husband and sat right by the windows facing the strip. Everything besides the view was ok. The foie gras and steak were delicious but what killed our experience was the glass door! It kept opening on it's own from the wind or the waiters opening them up. We probably exchanged eye rolls and looks with everyone on that side of the restaurant that night! What a mood killer! when the wind blew the tablecloths would fly up and our food would get colder and colder. they clearly know this is a problem because everyone acted so casual when they saw all the patrons getting annoyed. I couldn't enjoy my dinner because it got cold so quickly and every few minutes the door flew open so you had to 'hold it down'. There were no apologies nor did anyone stand near the door to hold it shut...major flaw. I highly recommend sitting on the other side of the restaurant or simply just visiting the bar for the view.
Looking forward to a spectacular view, we went to Mix for cocktails on a Wednesday night. The lounge is very cool especially the outdoor section that looks over the strip and there are plenty of booths facing outward to admire the view as well as these strange little cement booth things with cement table between two. . . My husband and I sat in the aforementioned "booth" and found that while they were comfortable, you are siting so far away from your companion that you have to practically yell to talk. We ended up sharing a single side and found it much more enjoyable. . . I had a glass of cava which had both bubbles and booze, so I was happy. My husband had a pomegranate manhattan which was surprisingly good. Not too sweet and very well balanced, so he was happy. . . We also participated in the nightly toast which could have been cool but the "champagne" was warm and flat. IMO, if you are going to offer something to your guests, it shouldn't suck. I would rather not have had it at all. . . After our single round of drinks, we left as the crowd was older and once you saw the lights and took some pics, there wasn't a whole lot left to do. Overall, I would suggest riding the elevator up, taking some pictures when you walk in and leaving to have drinks somewhere else.
An exceptional dining experience, marred by a service indiscretion. . . I brought my team of Product Managers here for a nice dinner to top off a visit to Vegas for a conference. . . We started in the lounge, which has an exceptional view of last Vegas from the top of "the hotel" on the strip. . . The happy hour food was generally good, but not outstanding, and while the prices were decent, the portions were small. And thus we decided to move the the restaurant for dinner. . . This was a bit of a turning point in the night - while we are at the lounge, the service was exceptional and friendly. We felt very welcome.. . When we moved over to the restaurant, a sudden air of snobbery hit us. The hostess did not seem at all happy to see us, and almost seemed hesitant to get us seated until we told her we had an open tab from the lounge and wanted to sit down for dinner - "come back in 15 minutes" she said coldly. . . We came back 18 minutes later and were promptly seated. We ordered several nice bottles of wine, and lots of appetizers, entrees and several desserts (we got two of the souffle because the first went nearly instantly). . . I had the lobster curry dish, which was absolutely delicious. . . Our waiter was much friendlier than our stuffy hostess, and was generally attentive. . . When the bill came, it was expectedly high, but not exorbitant - about $800 for the few of us.. . I was surprised however with just one line item on the bill - $30 for 3 bottles of sparkling water. Apparently one of the folks at the table had asked for some, and it was given to the whole table, and they kept it flowing. . . Now $30 in the grand scheme of the bill is a drop in the bucket, but what really bothered me was how I was addressed when I asked about it:. . "Did we really order $30 worth of water?" The waiter stared at me coldly, and said almost condescendingly, "yes." No explanation, no apology, nothing - just stared at me as if I was crazy for asking. . . Gratuity was included, so I left an additional tip on the receipt: "give a heads up for each new water bottle, especially at $10 a piece.". . What I really should have said was - "don't act superior to your customers - you will crumble without them.". . Anyhow, I'm hoping it was just the couple of staff members I encountered, as the food was truly delicious, and the view from the lounge was incredible. However, I get the feeling that they breed this attitude of elitism into their restaurant staff - I wonder why?
