Came here a couple of weeks ago to try out the chicken and waffles.  We waited about 20 minutes and then were finally seated.  The waitress would not look me in the eye and instead only spoke to my boyfriend...weird.. . And then when I asked her if a salad had spinach in it, she responded with "are you seriously asking that?"  What??? How is that not a legitimate question when it didn't state it on the menu.  After that I decided to ignore her and enjoyed my meal.  I got a breakfast scramble and my boyfriend got the chicken and waffles.  They were everything that everybody has said about them.....huge, delicious, crazy.. . Right after we ate, we immediately had to take a nap.  So be prepared to go into a food coma if you come here and look out for mean waitresses!
I was in search of a neutral location for a family "reunion" of sorts and our original idea was a brunch type venue. I've heard various things about Hash House A Go Go but more or less the reviews were great. . . I have nothing spectacular to report about the service but I'm appreciative to the wait staff that allowed my crazy Italian family and I plenty of time to catch up (thanks!). . . The food. WOW! Talk about HUGE portions! I ordered the chicken salad "sandwich" with mac and cheese as my side. I must say, the mac and cheese was some of the best fatty food I've had in a while! The chicken salad was dwarfed by the extremely large pieces of Texas toast it was jammed in between. . . All in all, my family enjoyed their selections and I thoroughly enjoyed the mac and cheese portion of my meal. . . I would definitely visit this fine establishment again, I probably wouldn't order the chicken salad sandwich though...just sayin ;)
I decided to give the Hash House A Go Go at Imperial Palace a try since I had already visited the one on Sahara Ave.  Given the past reviews of how mediocre this location was, I took it with a grain of salt and set low expectations.  And in a way, it helped.. . The restaurant is definitely much smaller than the Sahara location and it did feel a little congested.  It might have been because I sat at the bar instead of a table.  Also the vibe of the restaurant felt different maybe because it's on the Strip with more tourists whereas the Sahara location was more laid back.  The really good thing though is that their prices are pretty much the same so no inflated Strip prices here.. . After tackling Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict last time, I decided to try their Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=9bcLmRftsqxJ9ISx6atDlg). Boy, did I totally underestimate how doughy those Bacon Waffles would be.  I was a little bummed out that I didn't get too much syrup, but I was too hungry that morning to wait much longer.  I didn't think I did too bad though, I managed to leave just two waffles behind =).  The Chicken sadly was overcooked this time so overall I had a really doughy and dry meal.  If I had to choose my favorite between the Chicken and Waffles or the Fried Chicken Benedict, the Fried Chicken Benedict wins hands down.  Much more flavor and not very dry thanks to the Chipotle Cream Sauce.. . I probably won't be coming back to this location again unless I happen to be at Imperial Palace with a huge hunger attack.  I thinkI'll stick with the Sahara location from now on.
I liked it enough, but my boyfriend thought it was sloppy. I got the Chourizo Hash and he got the HH Original Eggs Benedict.. . Now we're not terribly healthy people, so my boyfriend's "sloppy" feedback doesn't have anything to do with him being offended by the portion size. Trust me, he ate the whole damn thing Man vs. Food style. I guess there's just food that MAKES you fat and then there's food that makes you FEEL fat just by looking at it.. . Our waiter told me that the Chourizo Hash was the best hash they make, so that's what I got. It wasn't terribly spicy... pretty much perfect. Maybe too much for a hangover cure but good as a brunch item otherwise. The portion was huge and the potatoes were excellent.. . My eggs were severely undercooked for over-medium... shoot, they were undercooked for sunny side up. I ate them anyway with no ill effects.. . I enjoyed the presentation of mine (obviously the boyfriend was nauseated by his) and you definitely get plenty of quality, creative food here... but... I just can't vouch for it.
Last two times I went to Vegas I came here. Both times it took forever to get our food. The waiter kept on disappearing on us. The Chicken fried eggs Benedict is worth the wait and a huge plate too. Both times I had to share with someone or I would have been in a food coma. It has a good crunch and spice mixture.
The only reason I gave it a 3/5 was the location at the shitbox that is Imperial Palace. I despise that hotel. It stinks, and you can easily get lost trying to find the restuarant.  Aside from that, prepared to come early cause after the popularity of Man vs Food this spot has become known. Portions are huge. I had the fried chicken eggs benedict and brown sugar banana pancakes. Let's say after I devoured it, I probably should've napped for hours. It was very delicious and pretty affordable compared to a Vegas buffet or something. Would like to try the location a little off the strip from Man vs. Food episode.
Sweet Jesus, the portions are ridiculous.  I know it seems fun to have a large amount of food set down in front of you, but for shit sake they have got to waste so much food here.  . . We had a wait about 25 minutes, but that's alright.. . The place was packed, but the service seemed to be decent.. . The food is presented in a very attractive manner but it's just so much it makes my stomach grumble even before taking that first bite.. . It's quite simply the type of meal that looks good on the plate, but makes you feel like crap afterwards.. . This meal will run through your 30 feet of digestive tract faster than you can strategize how to make it to the John. . . Good luck.  Ps- This is in the Imperial Palace (not the nicest "resort" on the strip).
Definitely gimmicky. Don't get me wrong, the food is good but not amazing, yes the portions are enormous, what this place is all about and it "looks" great but that is pretty much where it ends. I ordered the Meatloaf skillet (pictures included). The meatloaf was lacking any "homemade" flavor and was fairly bland. The potatoes had a good crisp to them and the eggs were cooked well. . The one great compliment I will give as always is the biscuits. Huge, warm and tasty and don't forget the strawberry jam that is in the little metal dish, center table. . . Service was quick, wasthere a little after opening. . 2nd time visit to this location in Imperial Palace(the parking is a maze, be prepared)
This "twisted farm food" cafe in the heart of the Imperial Palace was my breakfast location of choice for way to many early mornings. The urban/farm type decor is different, but well kept and clean. The food here is an experience to say the least. The menu is expansive to say the least with specialties such as the O'Hare of the Dog which is a 14oz Budweiser and a side of bacon! Or the BLT Bloody Mary. They are known here for their Fried Chicken and Waffles which are extreme for sure. Please see a few of the pictures for the full impact. The service here was spot on, all the staff is younger sort of "punk rock" which fits the feel in general, but the food left me a bit confused. I never had the signature giant pancake or the chicken and waffles..But I did try several other items and found the experience to be pretty bi-polar. The home made giant biscuits that are given table side (and come with most any entree) are fun due to their sheer girth (that's right I said GIRTH!)...but one bit left me tasting baking soda and begging for honey, or butter, or jam...or anything to quench my now parched gullet. This went the same for their signature "hashes" for breakfast. The "crispy potatoes" they are all built upon reminded me of the potatoes found downstairs at the buffet...I had the "Smoked Salmon" skillet which was the driest experience laid upon potatoes I could have hoped for...Although the skillet meatloaf breakfast was a nice change. The "stuffed" burger here are tasty, but beware the horseradish mashed potatoes. I got these for dinner one night and lugged them back to my room. There was SOOO much horseradish on the taters that I literally coughed them rightback up. I know I know..Sorry for the visual, but I don't want any fellow Yelper's getting sucker punched by these taters in the future.. Perhaps I just ordered the wrong items 4 out of 7 meals, but I think if the food completely catches up with the service and hype, then this place is going to be a real Vegas draw!
If you're looking for comfort food in big portions, this is the place to go. Don't be impressed with it's location, because it's in Imperial Palace, lol. . . The wait is pretty commonly standard, 30 minutes for a group of 8.  . . I had chicken and waffles.  Don't expect Roscoes, but expect MASSIVE presentation. I loved the chicken because it was chicken breast, perfectly breaded and fried.  And you can't go wrong with waffles!!! . . As for my drink, I did pretty "gangsta," Bud in a brown paper bag, that's how they give it!. . If you're hungover and craving a good hardy dish, this is the place to go!
I arrived around 9am and waited about 5 minutes to be seated (I didn't want to sit at the counter). The staff was kind but not overly available. My intention was to order the chicken & waffles but changed my mind at the last minute. Instead I ordered the banana french toast.  It was very tasty but I could only eat 1/3 of it. Partially because I was full but I also got tired of the flavor. My eggs were overcooked. I really liked the tangerine juice, but again the small size would have been sufficient due to flavor overload. If I could have eaten it all it would have been a good value. I will go again but will pay the $2.50 to share a dish with a friend.
When I came to Vegas a few weeks ago, I was extra excited to come to Hash House. I've already tried it once before but what I had (to me) tasted really disgusting. It just seemed like a bunch of things mashed together and shoved into a togo box. . . This time around, I had the chicken and waffles and it was DELICIOUS. My boyfriend and I ordered our own separate portions but thankfully (and ironically=P), the waiter forgot one of our orders so we only had 1 order of the chicken and waffles and skipped out on the omelette plate. The portion was perfect and our chicken was cooked to perfection!. . Why only 3 stars?. 1.) Right when we started eating, a drunk lady made her way outside and threw up in herhand and then on the floor. Yes, I know this isn't Hash Houses fault but it still was disgusting.. 2.) The restaurant itself is ugly and dirty looking.. 3.) Their TV's are so small and old school.. 4.) There are a bunch of tables but they wouldn't let our party of 8 sit at our preferred tables because "no one is assigned to that area". All 8 of us were then sat at 2 small circular tables that were pushed together- and yes, it was VERY crowded.. 5.) The food took forever to make. The glass of water I had had a fruit fly in it. Gross.. . Would I come back? Probably only for togo.
Hungover much?. Hungry much?. Will eat anything as long as its edible?. . If you answered 'YES' to any of the above, this place is the place for you. Its A WHOLE LOTTA food per person and has the hometown favorites - fried chicken, corned beef, scramblers - pretty much all the comfort foods you could think of. Although if you were to eat all of it, you would definitely not be so comfortable! . . The food is, to cut right to the chase, not very good. So if you're looking to just eat because you're hungry and would eat anything so long as its food - then go here. . . Its a good experience overall too - just go to see how much food a restaurant could possibly give you on one plate. In terms of portions, Hash House A Go Go has surely made quite a feat!
OMG never again.. . The service here is friendly and quick. I also noticed that they don't write any orders down at all.. . They have a wide selection to choose from. They give so much food here, it's ridiculous. You are bound to not finish everything in one seating and it's a best to share, unless your a beast like that.. . After a night of drinking and being hung over... and after eating here, I couldn't feel any worse. It felt like I was going to have a heart attack haha.
Awesome portions but some of the dishes are bland. The pan cake was delicious and their bisket and gravy.
This place is just... okay. Hence, the three star rating. First, the food comes in absolutely ridiculous portions, which are great for the price. However, you will come to realize that you probably won't even be able to eat half of your meal. I had the snickers flapjacks, which were good but soooo sweet, I had to order a side of bacon just to counteract the sweetness with some salt (I also love sweets, so it takes a lot for me to think something is TOO sweet). My boyfriend had the meatloaf hash, which we both thought was really delicious. We also ordered some speciality coffees, the smores mocha, and another mocha-type drink I can't remember the name of. Both were good, but didn't come out of the kitchen until we were almost done our meals. This brings me to the pretty bad service. Our waiter was nice, but he was soooo slow and maybe checked on us once the entire time we were there. Although - he did seem to be serving his other tables just fine. Overall, the food is okay/good and the service is blaaah.
I love Hash House but this location is inside the Imperial Palace which literally made me want to shoot myself. Parking is a pain in the ass, and walking through the disgusting casino is a chore in itself.. . This location is open until 11 during the week unlike 9 for the Sahara location which is why I went here. The menu is exactly the same yet the kitchen was a bit slow considering there were less than 10 tables in the restaurant. At least our server was nice! I know I'll be eating my meal for the next 3 days as well. Get the BBQ ribs, they are amazing!
We went to sahara location in this morning.( Andy T, Jieun L, Oliver, Nino and myself) Menu has lots of variety.. Yes portion was HUGE, but taste was so so.. The service was good. New Trainer did good job. He checked us oftenly and asked refill my coffee from time to time.. Their one of drink Lomonade Mimosa was pretty good.. I ordered The Tractor Driver Combo. I got two eggs and bacons, and waffle. I chose Granola waffle and this one was tooooooo chewey.. Even I couldn't cut  well with my knife. So I barely finished 4/1 peice.. I poured syrup on top of waffle but it dosn't work well.. I made to go for that leftover waffle.I guess I'm not going to finish left over. It will be more chewey tommorrow.
Had breakfast here about two hours ago. Still full as all hell. Your server will tell you, as will the menu, that the food takes a while to cook. They aren't kidding. I went in hungry, and was ready to bite off some heads by the time the food was brought to our table. No worries, they were very attentive along the way in updating us on the status of their clearly heavily-burdened kitchen and bar staff. Service is top notch, atmosphere is very laid back (I had dress shoes on and felt a little bit douche-ily overdressed). . . Portions were very very large. This is not the kind of place where you order more than one entree "just to try" different things. Get one plate per person, expect to share and still have leftovers. One thing I noticed is that everything was very light on the salt. Some might appreciate that, but I prefer everything salty. Salt is as essential to a man as testosterone. I found myself slathering everything in salt and Tabasco, but everything was quite tasty after that.. . All in all, a good place I wouldn't mind coming back to, but not quite four stars.
Atmosphere: Modern/stainless steel meets rustic charm (i.e. stainless steel tables with little wheat flower arrangements and rustic looking pictures).. . Dress: Seemed like a variety of people. I would say snappy casual, though I don't think they care either way.. . Food: wow! One plate filled both of us - we had the sage chicken penne pasta - it was great. There were two breasts, more than enough for two and it wasn't half bad either. Huge portions.. . Service: Server was nice, asked if we wanted anything - the wait time for the food was pretty long though.. . Room service: not that great. still big portions, but not impressed. was wondering if the quality goes down because you order in. Also, $3 convenience charge. Didn't like the breakfast hash at all. Our friends had the flapjack which was the size of the entire plate and very thick - fed three girls - it looked really good.
There's a few locations for Hash House but we opted for the one in IP as it was closest to our hotel.  . . The wait for our party of 6 was pretty short maybe 15-20 min.  We were seated and I decided to share the chicken and waffles. We placed our orders and this is where it goes down hill for me.  We waited probably about an hour for our food.  Now being that you're hungover and starving this does not make for a good combo.  . . When all the food finally arrives the portions are larger than life.  We go from starving to grossly full and disgusting.  The food was tasty but the wait was not worth it! We had to walk back to our hotel after our meal and then we all took a two hour nap.  . . Food was ok, service was good, wait for food is ridic!
Got the chirizo hash - ehh, just OK.  Split that, but I ordered biscuit and gravy which was pretty tasty and large on it's own.
Hey Guys! . I just wanted to take some time and share my experience at this place inside the Imperial Palace. 1st of all i just want to say that the imperial palace is really old and looks very tired and grungy do not let that stop you from eating here.... I had the eggs benedict and its was AMAZING!! the food is huge!! i had it with mashed potatos and a lemonade/orange mimosa!! Now even tho this place was good i probably would not go again it was more like a 1 time thing for me. Still need to try like 100 other ones!. . The food is too big and i always end up giving the left overs to  the less fortunate who sit on the bridges/streets.( sooo nice to see them smile ). . The food is great but location and atmosphere i did not like.
Yessssir. Break-feast! LOTS of food. HUGE portions. Its open early, a great place to start your long Las Vegas day. . . The various Benedict's they offer are a sure bet. I had the one with salmon. My man the one with fried chicken. The mimosas were strong and we didn't have to wait for a table, though we did get there at 8 am. (Unheard of in Vegas...). . Visit if you want a big breakfast.. Skip if you want something cheap and quick.
I really didn't want to try this place since I read another review regarding other dishes, but my friend just woke up and missed brunch, so we headed over and I basically went to watch him eat since I was still full. . . He was deciding between the Sage Chicken & Waffles OR the Sage Chicken Benedict. The waiter said the chicken Benedict is most ordered and was also on Man vs Food. He ordered the Chicken Benedict and within minutes the monstrosity came out. It was an epic proportion and I can see why this was on Man vs Food. Our waiter told us all the plates were huge! (It is for 2-3 people to share!). . I'm not a big eggs Benedict person, so I wasn't very enthusiastic when my friend said he needed help. The layers of mashed potatoes, biscuits, bacon, eggs, fried chicken topped with cheese and chipotle sauce was messy, sloppy and did not look appetizing at all. . . I squeamishly tried to get some of everything at an angle. I started with mash potatoes and it was somewhat good. Much better than what I expected.  . . For the portions and the price, it is worth it for the strip.
We waited a good 45 minutes for our group of 12 to be seated. When we walked in, there was plenty of open tables.... . They make their meals fresh and from scratch so it took another 25 minutes until we got our food. By this time we were definitely starving. . . I ordered the hash with artichoke hearts, mushrooms, and some other vegetarian stuff since I gave up meat for Lent. Maybe it was the dish that I ordered that made it just okay. . . They serve it so fresh, it comes straight from the frying pan. lol! Portions are huge so grab someone to share with. Want to come back to try something different...
As I am sure is the case with many, my boyfriend and I were made aware of this place through the Travel Channel's Man v. Food show.  The host visited the Hash House a Go Go on Sahara, and he tried the fried chicken eggs benedict.  My boyfriend was hooked--when we went to Las Vegas at the end of last month, he insisted upon a visit.. . Fortunately for us, we discovered that there is a second location in the Imperial Palace, which was right down the street from where we were staying.  In order to check on the times when certain food is served, my boyfriend repeatedly tried to call them with no answer at least the first two times.  . . The restaurant is easy to find at the back of the casino and up a specifically designed escalator.  There is plenty of room to wait with seating for customers, and we only had to wait for about 15 minutes on a Sunday afternoon around 12.  The hostess staff, presumably the same group that ignored our phone calls, were a little unprofessional, preferring to congregate and gossip rather than seat patrons or help in the dining room.  . . The atmosphere in this restaurant is TERRIBLE.  The walls were covered in this industrial metal sheeting, which made it look like a warehouse.  It also amplified the noise in the room, which would have been invasive even without this design flaw.  It is clear that this restaurant is designed to make people feel uncomfortable enough to eat and leave as quickly as possible.  Clearly this worked as no patrons I observed lingered over their ample meals.. . Waitstaff was friendly, but service was a little oblivious.  It took 20 minutes to actually receive a bar drink, and I think we saw our waitress three times during the entire experience.  We also lacked silverware.. . The food was pretty good.  The sizes definitely live up to the hype.  I ordered the chicken salad sandwich, and it was huge.  The bread was the best part--it was homemade and thickly sliced.  The chicken should have been in smaller chunks, though, and it was a little tough, however, the combination of light mayo and tomatos really did add something to the sandwich.  The side salad had clearly been sitting in the fridge a bit too long and should have been discarded rather than served, but the cucumber dressing was a very refreshing accent.  . . The best entree by far was the fried chicken eggs benedict, which did not disappoint.  It was huge, layered with fried chicken, eggs, fried cheese, biscuits, and mashed potatoes, and topped with chipolte cream sauce.  It was an amazing combination and a huge entree.. . This is definitely worth a visit, but it may not be worth a return.
This place is really popular in San Diego. My husband and I have been trying to eat at the one in San Diego for a really long time but the wait is always so long. . . We were in Vegas this weekend with Family and wanted to finally try it.  It was located inside Imperial Palace on a 2nd floor of the hotel. Imperial Palace is not the nicest hotel but when you finally make it to the restaurant the decor is nice and the restaurant is pretty big. . . My husband ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and we both shared it. We specifically wanted to try it because we saw it on Man vs. Food and saw Adam try the dish. The dish is definitely way too big for one person so sharing is a MUST when you go to Hash house.  It was very tasty and the chicken is not oily so it was a plus for me!  The presentation of the dish was definitely cool:).  The waiter said the wait for the food after we ordered was 45 minutes since it was made from scratch but  it came out after only waiting for 10 minutes. . . 3- stars for the service for me. My husband ordered a bloody mary and they completely forgot about it and we ended up cancelling it all together. . . I really liked the food so I think I will try it again in San Diego.
My friends and I came on a friday morning and the wait was only 15 minutes or so. Really not bad at all, seeing as how when I tried to come back on saturday with a different group of friends it was a hour and a half wait.. . The food was good but not worth that type of wait. I ordered the chicken and waffles, which were on all the advertisements of this place. The serving size is the real star of the whole dish: four large waffles and two huge pieces of chicken skewered together by a steak knife. The chicken was fried well but tasted bland, nothing to really write home about. The waffles were interesting in that the had two pieces of bacon inside of them. Again the waffles were good also but nothing spectacular. I prefer quality over quantity but this dish really exemplifies quantity.. . The atmosphere of the place is what would be expected of a diner with a rock flair to it. It was fun to see all the celebrities that have come through this place though. They have autographed pictures on the wall in the waiting area.. . Our waiter was friendly when he was around but that was few and far between. It seemed like it was too busy for him to provide the service that you would expect. I don't think anyone at my table got a refill on any of our drinks.. . Overall, I'm glad I at least tried this place once and I would eat at it again...but I wouldn't wait  any longer than 15 minutes. Vegas has plenty of places that serve better food albeit smaller or normal sized portions.
hash house a go go? more like hash house a slow slow, M I Rite?. . actually I M not Rite, while we were waiting for seating we were confused as to what the holdup was because the restaurant had empty seats. but it turns out it was maybe our fault because we never told them our whole party had arrived (though our point man claims he did).. . Anyway once we sat down the excitement started to build, especially when you see other table's orders arrive. This place is designed for people that eat with their eyes.. . Sadly when the food arrived, as a whole it was disappointing. I had chicken/waffles and it was a good rendition but not the best. Other people got other things and while everything looked great on the plate, the general consensus was that the taste was lacking for everyone. Too bad.. . For the vegas strip, you could pay a lot more and end up with a lot less so I'd say it was an ok experience. I'm told the other Hash Houses are better so maybe this one is just lacking.. . Bathroom was borderline nonexistent, you have to go downstairs and use the casino bathrooms. I didn't have to a go go, so I didn't see it.. . So in conclusion, the place was more like Hash House a so-so.
I hated the service here. We got seated quickly but apparently, the hostess never told a waiter we were there and we waited for about 15-20 minutes until we finally asked a waiter when someone was going to serve us. We saw the waiter tell the hostess and all she did was walk off. Then about ten minutes later, the waiter comes up to us and says, "well, since no one else wants you, I'll go take your order." Seriously? He said it in a joking tone, but I still thought it was rude. . . The food was alright too. I don't know what all the hype is about. I guess the portions are really big and the presentation of the food was nice, but it's not like the taste was extraordinary. If you like quantity better than quality then this place is for you.
Went here for breakfast with a friend. This place gets really crowded; expect to wait for a while to get seated (think 20-40 minutes). But we figured we would stick it out.. . I got the lox scramble and a tangerine juice, my friend got the hash with roasted chicken and an Arnold Palmer. It was ok. I tried her chicken and it was good, but not amazing. My lox scramble was good, but I had to dig for the lox, which was frustrating. And without the lox, it really didn't have much flavor. I wasn't impressed with her Arnold Palmer. My tangerine juice was quite good - probably the best part of the meal.. . The service was good - waiter was attentive and courteous.. . Would I come back again? Maybe. I wouldn't necessarily steer you away without having tried more of their food, but keep your expectations reasonable.
waiting in line is worth it...but the hostess was rude and the music is way too loud!
Most people prefer to eat the buffets in Vegas. Some of us though prefer to try popular restaurants around the area instead. So one drunk morning me and the party decide to go to Hash A Go Go a popular place that has been mention by our friends. . . Location: . Imperial Palace . . Wait Time: . was about 30-45 mins depending on the time you arrived. . . Restroom: . Downstaris in the Casino. . Food: . Each plate is large enough to be share by two people, however if you do share there is a $3 charge for a extra empty plate or something like that. . . Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/maple reduction ($15.95) . . Its noted that this is Mans vs Foods Favorite meal for those who don't know is Adam Richman who goes around and try to find the best grub in the world. . . Biscuit: . the bottom layer of the entree, was fluffy and buttery . Fried Chicken: . Not crispy enough to my liking perhaps the gravy made it soggy before it reached the table. . Bacon: . Was not crispy yet again to my liking, was a bit soft. . Benedict Eggs: . Eggs with green/red/yellow peppers and cheese. It was soft and gooey . Gravy: . I believe they added too much corn starch to the gravy it was thick and bland. . Mash Potatoes:. very hefty serving of bland and not enough buttered potatoes. . . Bacon Waffle: ($10.95) . 4 huge slices of Waffles w/bacon literally inside of it. The waffle had too much flour in it. There is also chipotle seasoning on the bottom. Do not order the waffle! . . Hash House Cobb Salad: ($13.95) . This must be a family size salad that has smoked chicken,smokedwood bacon, tomato,red onion,blue cheese dressing and BBQ sauce but its on the trim of the plate for garnishing. This was probably the best of the 3 that we order.
It was a ok.. Big portion cuz your dish is filled with potatoes!!!. We ordered in advance and went to pick it up. It was a very smart idea.. because there were long long waits. So instead of waiting there, we called, ordered and when we got there, we're ready to go. However, on the other hand, the waitress was not very helpful, and we had to stand and wait to pick up our order... so minus 1 star
Had to come here, just because it is famous.  I guess it's a necessary evil in Vegas that you need to walk through a filthy and disgusting casino to get to most eateries and this one is no different.  In fact, it is difficult to find if you've never been inside the Imperial Palace.. . My wife ordered the Smoked Salmon Scramble.  It was delicious.  I had the Pork Benny, also delicious.. . Here's my issue.  The portions are HUGE!!  I am a big eater and I had to force myself to eat half of the Pork Benny.  How can a place justify selling these large portions while there are 50 homeless people out front.  It doesn't sit well with my conscience.. . I guess my wife and I can say that we've tried this place, just for the novelty.  If we make it back to Vegas, this won't be on our return list.  There are other places that we need to try.
OMGeeeee!!!  I hope you're hungry!!. . Their portions are HUGE.  I thoroughly enjoy their Mango Coconut pancakes but I can never finish them.  This place is definitely a spot where you get the 'bang for your buck'. . Their Corned Beef Hash is good, their Chicken Hash is a bit on the dry side, French Toast is delish... so many selections... you'll definitely feed your craving here!
I was so excited to finally eat here after seeing this place on television. I didn't get to go to the original, I had to SETTLE with the one at Imperial Palace. . . I think this place is more novelty than it is "good eats". They are doing one heck of a business here, so what do Iknow. . . After waiting about 1/2 hour we were seated in a haze of customers and servers. Our server came over pretty quick and I ordered one massive Bloody Mary which was dropped off pretty quick. I think it cost me 20 bucks. The server was very friendly and made some decent suggestions. . . My buddy opted for the chicken and waffles. It looked really good but he said that the waffles were soggy and really took away from the dish. I ordered the dish I saw on Man vs. Food, which was fried chicken, spinach, eggs, cheese, mashed potatoes and a bunch of other things. It was good but it really was just too much for the sake of being too much. . . I don't believe there are any Subway heart smart runner icon next to any menu item here.. . The food was OK. I can now say I ate here.  After paying 60 bucks for two breakfasts and one drink,  I realize I could eaten very well for a few bucks more.. . Its worth checking out if you take it for what its worth. It reminds me of Tony's in Birch Run Michigan http://www.yelp.com/biz/tonys-i-75-restaurant-birch-run.
I think this restaurant was the first one I bookmarked for our trip to Vegas. Huge portions, crazy menu,sold. The fact that we didn't have to travel off the strip to eat at it, was even better.. . We made the epic trip down the strip to find this location. There seemed to be a huge lineup of people waiting for tables but we were told around 40 minutes for a table of 4. You're given your little buzzer (that doesn't work down on the casino floor) and then you wait. They both scream out your name and collect your buzzer, and if you're not there when they do so, off the list you go. Our wait was around that time but when it's 2pm and this is your breakfast, that time seems like an eternity.. . Service was quite sparse, though our waiter was very nice. We placed our order for drinks and two came out right away, and the other two (bar beverages) took about 15 minutes. 15 minutes for a bottled beer and a margarita. Then we waited for our food and it must have taken close to an hour. The menu says that it make take a little while but after the wait for the table, this was a lot.. . I got a burger, stuffed with mushrooms and cheese, and a side salad. The burgers are huge and very messy to eat. Have lots of napkins! The meat isn't seasoned and so really it's just a very big average burger. The dressing on the salad was delicious and I think that was my favorite part of the meal.. . The other meals at the table were fine but nothing was seasoned very well and it was all kinda meh. Portions are unnecessarily huge and they'll gladly box your leftovers up for you. Again, it took a long time for the bill to come and so by the time we left, it was after 4pm.. . If you want to feed a family of 4 with one plate of food, this is your place. Prices are very reasonable but try to hit them at a slow time and be prepared to wait a long time for your food.
I had really high hopes for this place because I heard so much about it, but the food was just ok.  The best part was probably the biscuit!  I did think it was pretty cool all the food was fresh and our server, Travis, was very nice and recommended a lot of great dishes to us. . . The wait was about 20 min around 10 o'clock, the places was pretty packed when we got there.  I was also expecting a huge serving of food, but I didn't think whatever we got was that large (not that I need to eat a huge meal, but I was expecting a Man vs. Food heaping size infront of me).
My husband and I visited this location on our last morning in Vegas.  I had heard about this joint on man vs. food and I had to check it out!  We arrived at about 8:30, and we had about a 10 minute wait.  Not too bad!!. . After that, though, the service got a little spotty.  It took forever for our waitress to come to the table for the first time, we needed to ask for a lot of things twice in order to actually get them (like syrup, napkins, water, PLATES).  It was sort of frustrating in that respect.. . But the FOOD.  Oh maaaaaan the food.  My husband and I couldn't decide what to get, so we decided to split three things.  Our waitress sort of tried to talk us out of it saying "it's a lot of food, you know".  I said that we were aware--we saw Man v Food.. . But anyway, we got the french toast with a side of eggs over hard and bacon, the farmhouse scrambler (chicken and peppers mixed with eggs) and that comes with a biscuit and crispy potatoes.  The last thing we ordered was the Snickers pancake.  This was at LEAST a food wide (see picture).. . Overall, the food was delicious!  The highlights of the meal for me were the Snickers pancake (of course)  This thing was SO fluffy!  It was like having more than one pancake stacked on top of another!  Also, the crispy potatoes were to die for--they had an amazing crunch.  I also really enjoyed the flavor of the french toast.  There was just a hint of banana without being overwhelming! . .  Seeing how my mouth was busy nomming on the snicker's pancake, my husband downed the bacon and eggs and said those were really good (why he chose the bacon and eggs over the deliciousness of the pancake, I will never know, but I was grateful!  More for me!. . The farmhouse scrambler was just "ok".  It wasn't really a standout among the amazingness of the other dishes.Maybe if I had ordered it somewhere near me where it wouldn't be in competition with other more spectacular selections, it would have fared far better.. . So come for the food, and try to ignore the service.  Goodness knows they ignore you!
Bring your post inebriated-self to hash house for a meal hefty enough . to absorb all that alcohol still coasting through yourbody. The wait here can be horrendous, especially during brunch hours so either make reservations or bring a snack with you lol.. . Btw, If you have ATT&T, you won't get phone reception so save your mobile photo uploading for later.. . Because it's so busy, the service seems to suffer a little bit, we asked. Several times for drinks, utensils etc before they actually brought them out. So minus a star for that. Also, the tables are positioned unusually high. I suppose it puts your mouth closer to the food, so that cant be a bad thing.. . The menu is large enough for varying tastes, but they do offer Andy's sage fried chicken with either waffles, benedict, pancakets etc. We ordered the sage fried chicken benedict, sausage gravy pot pie and bacon waffle. . . The wait for the food seemed like forever. Well it literally was. I believe it took approximately 40 minutes from the time we placed the order til its arrival to our table. Luckily we were so astonished by the size of the platters that all complaints dwindled away quickly.  The plates are massive, enough for a number of people to share. . . Sage fried chicken benedict was delicious, a bit heavy handed on the sauce but every aspect of that plate was super good. The sausage pot pie was impressive looking but you the biscuit dish spaceship thing was really hard and almost crackerlike. Not what you would expect from something named "pot pie". Tons of sausage though and the gravy was bomb. The bacon waffle was a bit of a disappointment. I thought there would be bacon pieces integrated with the batter, so you'd get a hint of saltiness in every sweet bite, but unfortunately it was whole bacon pieces that were dressed in waffle. If that makes any sense.. . I hear the bloody mary was awesome, and like their meals, they serve it large.. . Overall, my biggest issue was the sloth-like nature of the service. The food itself wasn't spectacular as you would hope, but definitely impressive enough for a second or third visit. (Photos to follow)
Just like a bunch of others, I went here because of MVF.. . Went with the BLT bloody mary, and the sage fried chicken and waffles. The portions are GINORMOUS, so come hungry. My drink tasted just like a BLT in cocktail form. It comes with a piece of toast, lettuce, and a strip of bacon. What a crazy idea, but it works somehow. The bacon infused waffles were good. Especially if you like the whole salty & sweet combination. Not really sure about the sage fried chicken, though. It was definitely lacking flavor, and was missing something. I also tried the fried chicken benedict Adam was raving about; was not impressed. The chipotle sauce was good, but collectively the dish was just ok.. . I'll definitely come back to try the other dishes they have here.
Quantity over quality and the whole place reeks of cigarettes (older hotel=bad ventalation=go figure).. . The only thing that made my stay was the host who told  me at least 5 times during my stay to keep smiling b/c he loved my smile.
Pro: AMAZING FOOD. . Con: SLOW SERVICE, HORRIBLE LONG WAIT! . . Me and my friend shared the infamous Sage Fried Chicken Benedict shown from Man vs. Food.  and omg... it was AMAZING!!! Soo delicious, it had chicken, bacon, spinach, biscuits, eggs, and this deliciouss sauce all meshed into one bite of awesomenesssss.  The portion was big enough for us to share, but we had to buy a side dish or he would've charged us more to share since the portions are so massive at this place.  . . The ONLY bad thing about this place (which is a pretty bad thing that I knocked it down 2 stars), was the wait. Holy moly.  We waited like 45 minutes for us to get seats.  When we finally got called, the restaurant was EMPTY!! Wtf.  Why were we waiting that long for a place that isn't even busy?! THEN, we waited another 45 minutes for the food! Keep in mind, we came here at 2pm, partied out all night the night before, and haven't even anything since before we partied! At 3:30pm, my friend was so hungry she ate a spoon of ketchup LOL.  They didn't even let us order appetizers "because they don't do appetizers."  -__-  . . so yeah.  Delicious food, horrible wait.. . Solution?. . Try Hash House somewhere else.  NOT the strip. You don't want to waste all your vacation time in Vegas with these lazy slow servers.
The only thing impressive is the size of their food. . Food not very impressive just big.  I had the chicken and waffles and it was a bit greasy. The giant biscuits were good and the waitress was very friendly.
We came here on a Saturday night and it wasn't too busy. We ordered the chicken and waffles, and the blue crab cake and pasta. The portions are huge and the presentation are nice. We were excited for the chicken and waffles, but we were SO sad that the chicken was not moist but  was dry. Is it a hit and miss here?! The crab cake was full of crab which was great and I enjoyed it. The pasta was alrights, nothing too special. . . The service was ehh, she forgot our cup of maple syrup until halfway eating so we felt weird eating plain waffles. Do you get complimentary biscuits during dinner time like what the reviews say? Our server forgot that.. We did appreciate the buser coming around and picking up the plates though.
We were in Vegas for a friends wedding and went to see a show at the Imperial. We all had been wanting to try the Hash House A Go Go, so about 15 of us went upstairs. The hostess, not very friendly, asked how many, we told her 15, she looked at us like CRAP, well I can't put you all together and we said fine split us up. The hostess came back and said I can take four now, and she slowly seated the rest of us which ended up being about 10, the others decided not to eat there. While we were sitting she was talking to the bus boy about sitting 4 of our friends in the booth next to us, it sounded like they really didn't want more customers.. Our waiter was not very personable kind of like the hostess, I guess they all  have the same training. While we were eating we noticed a loud noise well it was coming from the large section of the restaurant that they had close off to clean and the noise was the equipment. I personally think you don't start using noisy equipment until the customers leave. When I went to the bathroom I checked the sign to see what time it closed and we were there done and hour before closing.. The food on the other hand was great, very large and almost worth the terrible service. Don't know if I would go back the the hotel it's self is dirty and way too much smoke, maybe if we had a complete fabulous experience I would make more of an effort.
located upstairs in the IP on the strip.. ive been twice and twice the service was awesome.. foodwise... meh, pretty bland. the breakfast was great but who can mess up eggs?. chicken potpie was really dry. it was mixed with mash potatoe, chicken, and potato pieces.., tomato and spinach leaves. it was like they just threw everything in the potpie. . large portions! and the bisquits they give in the beginning were super yummy. i could have made a meal out of that.... and personally, the chicken and waffles look like a hotmess. it looks so ugly i dont want to try it,
Great food, service sucks!!!!!
SOOOOOO much hype. . . Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the food but it's never lived up to any of the hype. The portions are just ridiculous. I mean I can usually share one of their entrees with 2 other people. Let me rephrase, YOU HAVE TO SHARE AN ENTREE. Don't try to get your own plate unless you want to carry around left overs up and down the strip or you want it sitting in your hotel room making it smell like left over fried chicken.
Overrated. The portions maybe generous, but that doesn't give an excuse for having bland food. The food here is lost in all the layers of meat, veggies, sauces, and decorations. I think if the dishes were made more simple then I think it would have been fine. . . To be honest, classic and simple dishes like eggs Benedict or fried chicken & waffles were lost in the clutter of food put onto this one plate. Now, don't get me wrong, the food here is decent but in terms of flavor, it was lacking.. . I tried the Andy Sage's Fried Chicken Benedict which is like a unconventional version of biscuit and gravy mixed with eggs Benedict. The portion is huge and reads to be a delicious dish on the menu, but in actuality, there's nothing spectacular about it. Like previously mentioned, a lot going on. The chicken was a little bland but at least it was moist, the hollandaise sauce was too thick and bland, the biscuits were fine, and the mashed potatoes were average. I'd rate this dish 3/5. . . The take on chicken & waffles here was close, but no cigar. I thought the waffle was good (although a bit heavy) and I especially enjoyed the thick bacon that was cooked into the waffle -- a great combination of sweet and savory. As for the fried chicken, it was appetizing, but not lacking in bold flavors that afried chicken should have. I'd rate this one 3.5/5. . . Located inside Imperial Palace on the Strip, it's a place you got to try for yourself if you're in Vegas. Although it's not the best food you'll find, it's worth the try. Like they all say, "Go big or go home".
If you want BIG food at a local dive this place is the place to be! The portions are huge, a truck drivers dream. I ordered the Chicken and Waffles and the wife got a salmon omelet. We were shocked when the plates came, wow it could have fed 4 people! Overall the food is good and the price is reasonable. I recommend sharing a plate if your not a big eater.
So unlike Wicked Spoon, this place is RIDICULOUSS in portion sizes. Huge portions that will stuff an entire family! . . We got the chicken and waffles and the duck. The chicken was dry but the waffles were okay. I personally don't like the combination of the two together so I didn't like it, but I saw many people eating it.. . The duck was delicious and super juicy!! I loved the potato/sweet potato mash they included with it. The only thing I HATED about this was the goat cheese that was just put there. I didn't feel like the flavors mixed and the goat cheese literally made me want to gag. . . Probably won't come back because its a one time type of thing. But it was a great experience!
This place is a haven of gluttony.  While visiting Vegas for a bachelor party we decided to hit up this hot spot for their famed breakfast.  With every trendy, touristy restaurant there are ups and downs.  . . UPs. The Food was great.  Such delicious food and well more than any one person should ever eat.  . . Nice environment, everyone there seemed really friendly and helpful. . Down's. They told us 45 minute wait which turned into a two hour wait.  Luckily we were at a casino and had ample time to lose our money,. . The bloody mary which i was super excited for was a little more bells and whistlesand lacked some quality.  It looked amazing with its bacon and slice of toast, however upon drinking it there was nothing that made it special beyond the decor of the glass.
I'll go ahead and start off my review with this: hash house has gigantic portions at reasonable prices ($12-$15 per entree).. . That being said, I think that's where all the "hype" is over here at hash house.  My friends and I decided to come here based on all of the great reviews of the place and waited for over an hour on a Friday morning.  I was surprised to see so many people at 10am, but I guess a Friday before a long weekend will do that kinda thing.. . Food-wise, I went ahead and took the advice of many of my fellow yelpers, and got the corned beef hash.  Piece of advice for those who don't already know....the hash's are literally gigantic pieces of _____ (whatever meat you may choose) over crispy potatoes/wedges. It is not easily mixable, as the potatoes that are given are also rather large.. . The hash was good in itself, but definitely not what I was expecting.  Another one of my friends got the meatloaf hash which did not look too appetizing because they were just pieces of meatloaf chopped up over those crispy potatoes.. . The pancakes looked ridiculously large but I did not try them.. . Overall, it was an interesting experience to try this place, but I felt that there was maybe a little too much hype surrounding this restaurant.. . Quick Tips:. . 1) Expect to wait (just like any other popular place in LV). 2) Portions are huge so you can easily split one dish among two people.
Oh my God, the portion sizes are huge!!. . Some girlfriends and I came here for a late breakfast after a late night out on the Strip. It was about 11:30 when he showed up and we waited about 20 minutes. It doesn't matter when you come--you will have to wait at least 20 minutes.. . I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles. I know this is supposed to be 'the thing' to get here, but I'll honestly say I was not that impressed. There was far too much sage and even with bacon baked right into the waffles, they didn't have much flavor. My friends ordered the sausage gravy pot pie, which I like a lot more.. . The service was okay. This place is always busy, so the wait staff is constantly go-go-going (hence the name of the place, perhaps?). It's hard to navigate through the place without being bumped in to by a waiter or waitress in a hurry. All in all though, they do an okay job.
Visited May 21, 2011. Wait time was forever, but I expect that from any restaurant in Vegas. However, this place was ridiculous. There was a wait to be seated, a wait to order, a wait to get drinks, a wait  to get our food, a wait to get refills, a wait to get a check...I think our group of 12 spent almost 3 hours there! I mean, the servers seemed cool or sarcastically nice, but I couldn't really tell because the wait time made us so hungry we couldn't think straight. I would recommend some bread at least for such a wait time because hungry customers do not make for nice, patient ones. Buuuuuuttttt when your order comes and its made right, the wait time seems wellllll worth it! We enjoyed every bite of our food :) including those I shared it with. Can't wait to try the one in Cali ;)
Since i saw this place on man Vs. Food i had to give it a try.   Located in the dumpy Imperial Hotel. . . Had the Chicken Benedict and like others have said its massive.  Very tasty big mess of a food.    It was good but not great.  I should have had the meatloaf.. . Service was great and the atmosphere 100 X better than anything in the Imperial.. . If your a Man Vs Food Fan give it a try.  if not there are probably a lot of better options in the area.
After seeing the Hash House A Go Go on the Travel Channel, I knew that we had to stop there for brunch while we were in Vegas. The minute I saw the bacon waffles on tv, I knew I had to try them!. . This particular Hash House A Go Go is located inside Imperial Palace (eek!). It was pretty busy when we walked in, so we expected to wait for a good hour. The hostess quoted our party 45 mins. to an hour, which isn't too bad, unless you're hungover and starving...which we all were. Luckily, since there were so many people, some parties decided to leave, which meant that we only had to wait about 20-25 minutes! . . We ordered:. -Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles. -Bacon Waffles. -Corned Beef Hash. -Biscuits and Gravy and Scrambled Eggs. . The bacon waffles were sweet and there were pretty generous slices of bacon inside. I wish I had ordered the waffles with some strawberries on top just to give it a little more sweetness - the syrup just wasn't enough! I didn't taste any of the other dishes, since I was so occupied with attempting to finish mine, but everyone definitely enjoyed their food.. . Our server did his best with the crowds - it was pretty busy on a Saturday afternoon. I didn't expect stellar service anyway, I just wanted to eat. You are definitely in for huge portions and a lot of food so if you're on a budget or aren't TOO hungry, I'd suggest sharing or you'll end up with some leftovers.
**3 (2.5) STARS -- DOWNGRADE FROM 4 STARS** . . Made sure to come before the LATE menu kicks in. Yay, made it!. . Confused? Did I go to the wrong place? Is my memory failing me already? My second time (9/10/11) here within 24 hours, can't be. . . Service: . Going to have to start with this vs. food. How can service differ so badly from one night to the next? Absolutely the most dreadful service. . . When we got there, there was NO host(ess) in sight. Patiently waited for about 15 minutes by reading the news prints. Then I started popping my head into the main seating area. Seen but not acknowledged by several employees: bartender and 2 waiters(tresses). . . Another 5-8 minutes pass... Now there is another party waiting with kids. FINALLY, an older male waiter with glasses quickly announces that someone would be with us shortly. He also asks where the hostess is and answers his own question by saying "she's around so wait." Before we can say anything, he's gone. WTH?!? . . If I wasn't dying to try their food, we would have left. Darn you, taste buds and cravings. . . Okay, another 5 minutes pass. Two additional parties have joined at this time. Now, I'm irritated and hungry. Before, I could take action (my BF hates it when I do this), another gentlemen who just arrived about 2 minutes earlier walks into the main seating area and loudly states... "Is anyone going to help us?" A different waiter says someone will be with us and ushers the man back into the line. . . After another 2 minutes, a very apologetic waitress (old school glam girl, looks young with dark black hair) quickly seats us. She also makes excuses to us indicating the hostess must be in bathroom or something. . . About 32+ minutes to get seated.... 30 minutes before getting acknowledged. . . Our waitress didn't make up for it either. She was a tall, heavyset Caucasian with glasses. Our glasses were empty and NEVER refilled. I had to ask a busboy 2x for refills. She was prompt with the check though. Go figure. . . Food: . Was it worth the wait? Yes, yes, yes... Almost an orgasm in the mouth. . . - Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffles . Large portion, definitely 2-3 could share. Very innovative dish form preparation to presentation. Better than Roscoe's, no doubt. Just like the host said the first night we came. . . Chicken was tender and flavorful. Waffles were perfectly cooked, fluffy and bacon stuffed. Green onions were deep-fried and surprisingly delicious... I couldn't stop eating them. . . The kicker though is the garnish dressing. There were 3-4 bites that had this amazing spicy kick. The dressing with maple syrup and the spice... OMG, to die for!! It was that good that I had to ask. I think the waitress was off though. She said it was the same as the rib place... soy-teriyaki sauce. But it wasn't, it was different in color and taste. I tried each drizzle multiple times to verify and it was definitely DIFFERENT. . . - Ribs (Small Plate) . This was a just-enough serving. Succulent, savory, and it fell of the bone. Take note, this is the way ribs should be. . . It was accompanied with a simple potato salad with dill dressing. Very tasty. . . Parking: . There is a garage available for parking. . . OVERALL . First visit was waaaayyyy better than the first, service-wise. Honestly, I am still in utter shock of what a big difference my experience. I'm big on service. I'm a reasonable person, if it was busy, I would understand the wait. But considering the situation, it wasn't. . . Would I go back? . As much as the service sucked, I would have to say "YES," but maybe I'd try a different location. The food was extremely good. If I had to rate the food alone, it would have gotten 4.5 stars. . . For 5 stars, they need to make that spicy, maple garnish sauce for the chicken and waffles plate. . . No matter what... Even if food is awesome, if service sucks, rating will suck.. . --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. **REVIEW BASED ON SERVICE ONLY... FIRST VISIT**. . On a recent Vegas trip, everyone was raving about the food here and said it was a "must go." Then I saw it on tv when we were having some downtime, and the food just called to me. It actually made me salivate so we had to visit it.. . So the plan... Get the chicken and waffles. . . Location:. There are multiple locations, this is one of four. Others are located at the M Hotel, Plaza Hotel, and off the strip.. . Menu:. Be warned, there are DIFFERENT menus.  We hit it up pretty late, around 11:30pm. So that means, we made it for the LATE menu. So what sucks is that only select items are offered. . . Service:. The host was pretty cool. He was down to earth and really informative. He said if I really wanted the chicken and waffles that we should come back because it was worth it.. . OVERALL. Based on the service, I'd come back again. Trust me, I will to try the food.
Don't go here if you don't want type 2 diabetes, heart disease, hypercholesterolemia, etc. etc. or if you just don't want to gain 12 pounds at breakfast.. Do go here if you're hungover and need a good comfort food carboload.. I snagged the veggie eggs benedict-eggs benedict and accompanying veggies were yummy but I don't want mashed potatoes for breakfast. Yes, they serve eggs benedict with mashed potatoes. Strange.. If I came back here I would order one meal for four, and definitely not so hung over so I could justify drinking beer out of a can in a paper bag. Cute.
The next time I hear someone ask "why are Americans so fat?" I will point them in the direction of Hash HouseA Go Go.. . If your idea of a quality meal is aMan v.Food challenge, then this is yourspot. For me, I always prefer quality over quantity and I left Hash House feeling underwhelmed. After reading about the ridiculous wait times that are common here, my group called ahead and made a reservation which proved to be a clutch decision that I would highly recommend to anyone planning on coming here for breakfast.. . I ordered the sage fried chicken benedict (as shown on Man v. Food). You could easily split this with your significant other and still have enough food left over to start a food bank.I was starving after a night of drinking my liver into submission and I still couldn't make a dent in themountain of food they put in front of me.Each component of the dish was good on its own, but the combination of flavors didn't do it for me. I felt like I was eating soul food for lunchrather than a benedict for breakfast.. . From now on I'll leave Hash House to Adam Richman and allthe otherprofessional eaters out there.
If this review was based solely on food, I'd give it 5 stars. The Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles were delicious. The food was stacked pretty high and the portions are large. I had shared the dish with my boyfriend and we couldn't finish the whole thing. The chicken was juicy, yet crispy on the outside and complimented the waffles quite nicely. We also ordered the Hash House with fresh mushroom, artichoke hearts, sundried tomato and fresh spinach. I think had we ordered any of the hash dishes with meat, it would've been game over.. . So here's what made it a 3star place: the location and wait. You think Imperial Palace is confusing to begin with, but wait until you try looking for this place. It's located on the second floor deep inside the casino. Oh, but you can't access it from the casino second floor... it's in its own little vicinity. Quite strange. And the wait took a while, around 45 minutes just to get seated. The service was slow and, on top of that, they forgot to put in our order, so we had to wait even longer. Also our table was also being swarmed by fruit flies. Not sure why, but it made the experience annoying.. . Would I ever go back? I think I'll try the other location down the strip.
I was a bit skeptical about Hash A Go Go when I first learned that it was located in Imperial Palace. The smell of stale cigarettes that greeted me at the entrance didn't make it any better. Luckily, an escalator ride later, I stepped into the waiting area of Hash House A Go Go realizing that it is practically a different world. While the decor is nothing special it's still a world away from Imperial Palace!. . Back to the food-- please come to Hash House A Go Go hungry. Not a little hungry, not "oh I can still eat", come STARVING. The portions here are out of this world and even though we're usually pretty big eaters, not a single person finished their plate. Between Mr. Dubs and I, we got the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. When they arrived, we were all so intimidated by the presentation and the hearty portions that we really didn't know where to start. Once we started to dig in, it was a whole different story. Eating at Hash House A Go Go really took the terms "stuffing my face" to a whole new level. Unfortunately, to my best efforts, I was only able to finish about 1/4 of my meal. . . I also ordered the wine spritzer and loved it. Didn't taste a hint of alcohol. Eva, Denise and Mr. Dubs all ordered the Bloody Mary and it was delicious too but watch out-- they ask you what type of vodka you want in your Blood Mary but doesn't mention that there is an extra charge for the premium vodka! I guess it should've been a given since we are in Vegas and it is "premium" but the way the options were given were very misleading. . . Over all, Hash House A Go Go was an experience. Not sure if I'd want to go back but definitely glad I got to check it out!
Minus one star for the wait, which is ALWAYS at least an hour if you come during mealtimes...if you come around 10 am before all the haggard, drunk people wake up, you should be good! . . The portions are freaking RIDICULOUS at first sight, but actually quite manageable if you sift through all the "fixins". They just go for vertical height which makes the dish look super huge, but its not that bad! Great hangover food, but nothing gourmet. All in all, for the price you pay and the fact that it's on the strip makes it a decently priced option for a meal. . . The chicken and waffles are pretty good, but my favorite is the corned beef hash! Not of the mushy pancake-looking variety, but the corned beef is actually in strips and comes with nicely seasoned potatoes and fruit on the side inside a cast iron skillet. I found the portion size to be manageable but not skimpy. I also always order a peach ice tea, but that's just me. Everything else on the menu is decently tasty - the skillets, omelets, and the 1-lb burger.... . Just remember to come with loose pants and patience for the line! And if you really need to, bring the flask for irish coffee in the morning!
Delicious but overrated IMO. They only thing unique about this place is it's presentation and oversized dishes. I'd rather go to something like that breakfast place in Encino (name escapes me).
We came here for breakfast.  We checked in and waited.  And waited and waited.  The lines were very long.  We finally got a seat and were very excited to sit down and enjoy a fabulous breakfast.  . . Food was just ok.  We got the fried chicken/mashed potatoes/egg combo (forgot what it was called) and a Chorizo skillet.  The skillet was far better than the other dish and this surprised me.  The order on the eggs was wrong (brought scrambled-- ordered over medium) and we waited almost until the end of our meal for this to be corrected.  We also had bloody marys and they were also just ok. . . This place is fun; presentation of food is unique and I think it is better than most places for breakfast, but I think Vegas is full of overrated places like these.
Three of us arrived midday on a weekday. The wait was about 15-20 minutes.. . We knew the portions were huge and a doggy bag was not an option. So, we decided to share two dishes. But because they frown upon that, we ordered an additional side so they had no issue with three people chowing down on two entrees.. . We ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles, Brown Sugar Banana Flapjacks and a side of bacon. In addition, based on some other Yelp reviews, we ordered the Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade.. . The lemonade was super potent and overly sweet. Even after mixing thoroughly, it was way too much to drink straight. Since I had an unsweetened iced tea, we added a lot of that to the lemonade which made it bearable. Perhaps cutting it with a portion of water (or tea) would make it easier for most to drink.. . The Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles was made to be a visual showstopper. That was all. I was disappointed because I had been worked up by veterans of this dish. Sure, it was a monstrous pile of food with a huge steak knife and rosemary sprigs holding it together. Sure, it had bacon in the waffles. Sure, it had sage fried chicken. But my opinion went down as I started eating it. The chicken seemed overcooked and dry. I couldn't taste any sage. The waffles were more dense and the bacon didn't really add much. The bright note were the leeks which were very tasty, but not tasty enough to save this dish.. . The Brown Sugar Banana Flapjacks was really a single flapjack that was so huge it hung over the sides of the plate, and it was already a huge plate to begin with. The flavor was good and a great size to share between three people.. . I think the most memorable thing was the side of bacon. I was afraid that it would be overkill because there was bacon in the waffles. But this was thick cut hardwood smoked bacon so it was crispy and juicy and super flavorful. Probably some of the best, if not *the* best, bacon I've had.. . Parking at the Imperial Palace was a bit tricky since there weren't easily visible signs indicating that we were entering the IP garage. If you're not comfortable with driving along the strip, I would recommend taking the tram from another hotel on the strip to the IP.. . The amount of food you get is a plus, but if this is your first time, I would recommend going with a big group and ordering one chicken and waffles to share between everyone. That way you can try more things on the menu.
Came in here BC I was taking in a show at Imperial Palace Sunday evening and thought dinner here would be convenient. . . We had only about 45 minutes so I asked the waiter if he could rush our order. I went with the BBQ ribs but he returned within minutes to advise me they just ran out. WTH run out at 6:30 pm?  I then changed my order to the NY steak medium rare and it came with asparagus, carrots and mashed potatoes with melted cheese on top. The mashed potatoes portion was large and tasty but the steak was cooked properly but was tough and had to much grissel. For around $28.00 I thought it was overpriced. . . The waiter was accommodating and friendly but I've visited the San Diego and Sahara LV location and the food here was the most disappointing of the three. We did get to our show in  time which was a plus.
Still not a huge fan of Hash House a Go Go, but this is a convenient location and it's usually pretty popping. . . I typically order breakfast, as I do at the rest of the Hash Houses and it's really not a bad price. The service is good and the portions are enormous. That's what they're known for. My favorite part about Hash House is their biscuits and jam. Honey's good too. I can never seem to get enough. I always think about just ordering a biscuit as my meal, it's filling enough. . . Definitely a good alternative for a meal that's relatively budget conscious on the strip.
Came here with a group of friends on a Sunday night before heading back to LA. I've been anxious to try this place out after watching the "Man v. Food" Vegas episode, although this location is different from the one shot in the show. . . First off let me say that the service was excellent. Our waiter made sure that our waters were always filled to the brim. I had the corn beef hash and they did a terrific job in presenting the food. It definitely gave me a "Pavlovian-like effect" but despite that, it was A-OK. Even though they gave me a pretty sizable portion, I felt that it was bit too pricey and that we were paying for the presentation and the artistic ingenuity of the food as opposed to the overall quality and taste. Would I go back here again? Probably not. It's worth it to experience it once, but in my opinion the overall quality of the food parallels Denny's.
My bf and I walked here after we found out that BB Kings charges 10 bucks for their breakfast special of 2 eggs, hash browns and a biscuit. Uh yeah, no thanks.. . So, it's located on the 2nd floor at the Imperial Palace. Trying to find the hostess stand in this clusterf*ck of people is ridiculous. The stand need to be moved to the entrance to the restaurant, not set back halfway into the lobby. . . The server was nice, but perhaps a little overwhelmed. The one thing that I noticed here is that the servers didn't really help out any table but their own. Not much teamwork. For example, I sat with an empty glass of iced tea while the waitress at the next station filled empty glasses for her customers and walked right past our table with a half-full pitcher of tea. Nice. . . I ordered the blue cheese burger which was okay. The meat was dry and not juicy as I had hoped. It was massive, that's for sure and they brush the top of the bun with butter or oil, which makes it really slippery and hard to handle. My bf had the tractor combo with a blackberry granola pancake. He said that it was average. . . My main complaint here, I think, is the massive amounts of wasted food. Seriously, why does every plate need a whole sprig of rosemary? I get the whole presentation thing, but c'mon. I would rather have smaller portions and be charged less, but that's just me.
.LONGEST LINE for breakfast...........but it did cure my hangover from the night before.  Waited over an hour to get seated here  - surprised such a popular spot inside Imperial Palace.. . My friend warned me that the portions were huge so we opted to split one of the House Hashes and it was the right decision.  All their house hashes are tossed with crispy potatoes & topped w/ 2 eggs, served with fruit and biscuit.  We split the Famous Meatloaf, roasted red peppers, fresh spinach and smoked mozzarella.  Food arrived warm and it hit the spot. The carbs cured my hangover. I can't say if it was the best hash i've ever had b/c was super hungry.  But it did it's job. . . Between the two of us this meal only ran about $15 - so it was a good deal for a vegas brunch. I wouldn't say i would wait over an hour again here for breakfast in the future.
Went here for breakfast on the day after Christmas. Had the sausage pot pie, OMG it was ginormous... how could anyone eat this meal. First of all it was in a deep dish bowl the crust looked like a 12 inch saucer with a 5 inch bowl in the middle, The bottom of the bowl was filled with mashed potatoes with the crust half way in the bowl with sausage with gravy filled in it and scrambled eggs on top. I wasn't able to finish even half of it. It probably could have fed 3 people... Go there if you haven't eaten in a few days....
Long wait for late breakfast/early lunch, close to an hour. Once seated, service was a bit slow (they were packed) and wait time for our orders was sluggish as well. Tried the made-famous Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles (thanks Adam Richman). Didn't really live up to the hype. Some nice flavor combinations, but the whole thing seemed a bit dry. All in all, Hash House was good but a bit over-hyped, over-priced, and probably not worth the wait next time we visit.
Big portion, but takes forever to get to you. I had the ckn hash, and the ckn was good with the potato. I usually don't do the carb, but I did because it looked and smelled good. They were nice enough to give egg whites, no subs tho.. . Fruits could of been better instead of a slice of cantelop and a slice of something else. I think the bacon waffle could of been more crispy instead of so plain and white looking. . . The cost was seriously buttered up, so if you like buttered toast, choose that then!. . I do like the tea (orange spice and also ordered lemongrass). . . I had to wait forever for the server to come over, at first they said they sat us at a table no server, then turns out that a party of 12 was there so our server was occupied. . . The price is ok for the portion and amount of food. Enough for you to take food home with you. There's also no heat lamps so food is brought out as they are made, so you might have to eat your food first than your guest.
good food coma food. i call the food here instacoma food. large portions and i do mean large. the pancakes are delicious and the food is good good good. the first bite is to die for, the taste does get old real quick. the service was ok. took a while for the order to get taken and also to get the check.
01.22.12. . These portions are NO JOKE.  You are guaranteed to drag your feet back to wherever you came from due to a massive food coma.. . The three of us made the mistake of each ordering our own dish.  HUGE mistake, as each of us probably finished 30% of our meal.. . My mouth watered as I read the description for the chicken pot pie [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=-6yQPWgE00jh-P1jbjDX0g].  It watered again as the waiter described the fried chicken benedict [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=9cTIvMmphM_aqx8ziBjc_A].  Good thing there are large portions of both to go around.. . There is a reason Adam Richman did a challenge here.  I didn't fully realize how big of a beast he was until I saw our plates.  I bow down to Adam, and the food definitely won this round.. . Do yourself a favor with a little pre-planning and grab a restaurant.com certificate to save yourself a couple of bucks (for drinks, you know)?. . Total damage for three (after certificate): less than $40
KILLER PORTIONS. Need I say more?. . After thinking hard on what to order, we ordered these:. -Andy's sage fried chicken & bacon waffle tower drizzled with hot maple reduction & fried leeks: I thought I would have a heart-attack once I saw how huge it was...in person! Yup...But an enjoyable one, of course... I was actually surprised that it tasted as good as it was! All the flavors go so well together & the fried chicken is surprisingly not greasy at all! & the waffle . . . I love waffles, but this one has bacon pieces inside them!!!Bacon-anything insures "yummy" flavor, so as you can tell, this dish was excellent!. -House hashwith fresh mushroom, artichoke hearts, sundried tomato and fresh spinach tossed with crispy potatoes & topped w/ 2 eggs, served with biscuit: again, this comes packed in a big skillet, so you can  guess how big the portion is . . .This was definitely more of a healthier choice from the menu, but the portion...will not make it so healthy  afterall ;). . I would probably cook this much food for the whole family; not for one person-. only thing i recommend you at hash house a go go is that you think about the portions & share accordingly . . . . We ordered two dishes for four people & we still had some left-over!. So unless you want to take home big portions as your next meal, sharing is caring!
Good dinner. I had the chicken sandwich which was ok. My wife had the Chicken Benedict wich was far better than my sandwich.
I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffle Tower. The chicken was juicy and flavorful. The crust was excellent especially with the maple syrup. The Bacon Waffle was a bit dry, so wasn't a big fan of it.. . I also tasted my buddy's Big O'crispy hand hammered pork tenderloin sandwich, which was not good at all. It's similar to a chicken fried steak w/o the gravy, so it was dry.. . Portions are massive, so I recommend sharing one dish with another person.
It's quite unfortunate that this place is located inside Imperial Palace because, let's be real, Imperial Palace is JANK and you didn't go all the way to Vegas to spend time in there. However, our group was craving some hearty brunch food, so we decided to go here. In the middle of the casino floor, there's an escalator that leads exclusively to this restaurant. At the top, there's a waiting area and, further in, the actual restaurant.. . We went around lunchtime and were told that it would be about a 30 minute wait. But luckily, a couple tables freed up earlier, and the hostess took us in halfway through our wait. We had to split up into two adjacent tables to go in earlier, but we didn't mind if it meant getting seated earlier.. . Because I was so hungry, everything sounded so good and I had a hard time deciding what to get. I ultimately decided to get the Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles since it was one of their special dishes. I also got the Watermelon Kiwi Lemonade.. - Yes, the portions are large. My dish was definitely big enough for two. I guess it's kind of a novelty, but they must waste a lot of food here. Most people probably get their own dish and aren't able to finish, which of course means it gets dumped into the trash. I feel like it would be more economical for both parties if they served smaller portions and charged a little less.. - The Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles were good, though. The sage flavor took the chicken up a notch from being your standard fried chicken. The waffles were cooked perfectly, and the pieces of bacon embedded in the waffles added a nice dimension to them without overwhelming with bacon flavor. If you're a fan of chicken and waffles, I think this dish is worth a try.. - Definitely get the Watermelon Kiwi Lemonade! It was delicious! And it's so pretty when it first comes out. :). . Something funny about this place... They stick a sprig (or a few) of rosemary into everything. Just look around. Everything has a long sprig of rosemary sticking out of it. They must have a big basket of them in the kitchen that every dish passes by.... . Despite the food being pretty good, I didn't leave this place feeling particularly great. I think it was a combination of being OVERLY full and this place being inside Imperial Palace...
Hash is famous for their chicken and waffle. But I decided to ordered the Kokomo instead which is also popular and my boyfriend ordered the chicken and waffle. . . I gotta say, I was disappointed. The meatloaf was dry. It wasn't what I was expecting. It was just bad. . . On the other hand, I did try the Chicken and waffle and it was good. It had crispy skin and you can taste the sweet syrup on it. Well I think it's syrup. . . So the bad: The wait time was super long. It was  About 45 min. And another 40 min for the food.. . The good: chicken was okay good and the beer. . . Overall, the chicken was good but nothing spectacular.
After visiting a few Hash Houses now I've come to believe that the food is mediocre, but the proportions have people speechless giving this place more stars than it deserves. . . I've tried many things including the {CHICKEN AND WAFFLES}, {SALMON SCRAMBLE} to the {EGGS BENEDICT} and really the food is just okay, definitely not worth the wait that there always seems to be. Yes, this place has gigantic portions at good prices, but if you are looking for quality food, I'd go elsewhere.
I was really excited to see this on the itinerary from my weekend in Vegas. I have heard great reviews about it from the food network and friends. I have to say that I was very disappointed. The food was just ok in my mind nothing speculator. . . I know they are famous of the chicken and waffles but I did not get that because it does not seem appetizing to me. I did try some and I thought the waffles were great but the chicken not so much. I got the BBBLT and a side of fries. The portions are huge and had I known that I would have probably split it with someone even though I did finish the whole sandwich.. . My biggest complaint of the whole experience was that my food took forever to come out especially after everyone in my party was already served. I also felt like the waiter was overwhelmed and instead of having someone help him he just tried to do everything himself which made service pretty bad. . . For being on the strip I did not think that the price was that bad. I definitely would give this place a shot just to say you have been but I felt there breakfast and lunch menu could have been bigger and more diverse. I definitely would try it again if I was in Vegas.
Blueberry Pecan flapjacks, that is all!. . Of course it wasn't named Hash House for its flapjacks, so I guess I'm gonna recommend trying the hash as well. Portions are huge, enough to share. Service was good. Our server, Mark, was very attentive although I didn't like how he brought the bill over when we weren't even halfway through our meal.. . Go right after it opens at 8am, it gets pretty busy even for a weekday.. You can get Total Rewards points for eating here.
Just okay food, the portions are huge so it is a god value. The bluberry pecan pancakes was my favorite, The meatloaf hash was lacking in flavor . Will find a new breakfast spot next time im in Vegas, but it was worth trying though.
Ok, so I've heard so many things about Hash House A Go Go, my expectations were high, but you kinda disappointed me... The wait was crazy, yes, I get that, it's Vegas, St. Pattys Day/March Madness weekend, but we got there at 11:30 and didn't get to eat until about 1:45. Really? The reason we stuck around was because we heard good things about the food. So we get seated and place our orders and I got the Salmon Benedict (mind you, it's not the traditional Hollandaise sauce, it was a red chili cream which was yum); but I was all stoked because it was supposed to come with basted eggs. Imagine my disappointment when it came with scrambled eggs (yes, I know wahhhh). I was going to send it back, but after waiting that long, I didn't dare chance it. It was still yum...Our waitress was super sweet, I'm knocking off 2 stars for the wait and the hosts, because they actually forgot about us and finally sat us when someone in my party went up and said, hey, what the French Toast? :) Perhaps I need to go to San Diego and see how it's really done.
Went to the Hash House while on vacation in Vegas from AZ. My boyfriend and I each only had 1 waffle and while they were good, they were just too big to finish. We took the simple route but some of the plates we saw coming out to people looked really cool. Portions are huge and worth the money if you can eat it all.....
I was soooo excited to eat here.  I had it on my list and was making sure I was not going to leave Vegas without trying it. It was easy to find.  Just head straight through the Imperial Palace until you hit the escalators.  We were are very hungry after a night of drinking and dancing and hoped to not have to wait too long to get seated.  It was pretty busy and also a Friday morning.  We were pleasantly surprised to get seated promptly in a nice comfy booth.  I ordered coffee and it came quick enough and was quite delicious.. . One thing that stuck out in my mind as odd was the waiter told us right off the bat that the kitchen does not have any heat lamps, so the food is served out as soon as it's made. I thought OK, great, that means we will have our food quickly.  Eh, not so much.   Our food took a bit to come out.  It wasn't excessive but we definitely waited longer on our food than we did to get a seat.. . Due to knowing the portion sizes are enormous we decided to split plates.  My dining partner and I chose the HH original Benedict.  It comes with bacon, fresh tomato, fresh spinach, and is topped with a roasted red pepper cream as well as two eggs.  Additionally it sat on top of a split biscuit with griddled mashed potatoes. The potatoes reminded me of the potato pancakes my mom would make when I was a kid with leftover mashed potatoes-nice and golden browned and quite tasty. That was probably the best thing about the Benedict.  The bacon was good too, but hey it's bacon.. .  Now for the not so good, the eggs were underdone and the parts of the white were still clear.  That kind of thing doesn't bother me, but I would prefer my eggs to be cooked correctly.  The thing that was the biggest bummer was that the food was luke warm.  So I guess the no heat lamp thing doesn't necessarily work to their advantage because my food had to have sat back there for a bit before arriving to the table because it was not hot.  Also, the fresh tomato and spinach did not bring anything to the table.  Had the spinach been slightly sauteed or wilted and seasoned, it could have been a different story.  I think having those put on top of the Benny just made it even colder in temp.  Also, the whole thing was under-seasoned.  . . The red pepper cream tasted like roasted red pepper bisque that was under-seasoned and cold.  I really do like the concept of having a Benedict topped with lighter ingredients and sauce, but it was all cold and under-seasoned and disappointing.  I kept going back to the bacon, egg and crispy mashed potatoes.  I will say that I was able to split this with another person and between the two of us couldn't even finish it.  Our bill came to $12 each, and I was very happy, and even though it was underwhelming, it was still worth it for the price.. . My other friends ordered the Bananas Foster French toast-also huge, as well as the Fresh Mushroom, artichoke hearts, sun-dried tomato and fresh spinach hash.  My friend did not like her hash at all.  I tried it and agreed with her that it was completely under-seasoned.  I hate having to add salt at a restaurant.  I think it should come out seasoned correctly.  Also the salt shaker had course salt in in that barely came out the holes in the shaker-a huge pet peeve of mine.  The bananas foster was huge but nothing out of this world.  What I did really like though was the split banana topped with sugar and bruleed.  It was so delicious and the banana developed a very creamy texture.  It was served still in the peel, which I thought was pretty cool.. . Overall, the value is great, and the quality is also good.  I can only base this review on the one visit I made here, and there were definite flaws in the execution of the food.   Although the plates are huge, impressive looking, the taste is what matters most, and it unfortunately was lacking.  However, on a whole, due to the value of the food and he fact that one plate can be split between two people, I would like to go back and prove that Hash House can really live up to its hype.
Nothing fancy. Coffee was delicious and breakfast was pretty good.  My husband to be had the pancake and it was like a monster pancake.  You will definitely be full!!!  . . The wait was about 30 min ... Which for breakfast in Vegas is pretty standard.. . Our waiter was in a word lame... So lame that I won't give him another second of time in my review. . . Ooh, ooh ... They didn't have a bathroom in the actual restaurant ... Awkward.... You have to use the bathroom that was in the casino.
I was a little disappointed with Hash House A Go Go. I have visited the Tractor Room in San Diego and loved it (their other restaurant with the same menu) and read all the positive reviews on Yelp for Hash House, so I was expecting it to blow me away. It didn't, but it wasn't bad either. William was an EXCELLENT server, extremely friendly, helpful and a great attitude. I'd recommend him to all patrons. . . I ordered the Chicken and Waffles and the chicken was rather bland. They need to add some spices to the seasoning. Or how about just add any kind of seasoning at all? The waffles had bacon cooked inside of it which I wasn't expecting. I would have preferred normal waffles and bacon on the side. I found it strange the waffles didn't come with butter and I had to request it. I know, I made my chicken and waffles dish even healthier with the butter. I did enjoy the coffee and my mother's blueberry and pecan pancake was very good. Next time in Vegas I'll skip this place and try somewhere else. . . Tip: You can make a reservation if it isn't Saturday. It's a good idea to do so since they get very busy.
This was literally the first place I ever ate in Vegas, way back in the day when my fiance was interviewing for medical school.  Sigh.  Memories.. . The food is decent.  I remember seeing something about Hash House A Go Go on Man vs. Food, which is the initial reason I wanted to come here.  Now that I've eaten here several times, I can say that the food is pretty decent.  I don't eat fried things, so I don't order some of the dishes that are well-known (like the chicken and waffles).  I am probably missing out, and I'm okay with that. . . The service is really hit-or-miss.
Bring an appetite......leave broke.  That about sums up Hash House.. . Yes, the portions at Hash are huge and really too much for one person to conceivably consume in one setting but I thing that is part of the draw to Hash....you know you're going to get a lot of food.. . What Hash makes up in quantity, it lacks in quality.  It is overpriced for the type of food that is being served for being basically just a diner.. . You need to get there early because mid morning, the wait is about an hour + to get a table.  I think there were more people waiting in line than there we in the Imperial Palace total.. . Staff is friendly and once seated, service is good.. . If you've never been, I would definitely make it a stop while in Vegas but having been there, done that, I probably won't return since we have a Hash in my hometown of SD.
Not as good as their flagship out on Sahara, but this one's right on the strip, although with the renovation you have to wade thru some dust and scaffolding to get here. The portions were just as monstrously large though, and this time we split 2 dishes among the three of us lightweights, and we left full having not even finished either of them. I'd have picked the chicken and waffles for sure but democracy won out. Here we tried the chorizo skillet and the Tractor Driver Combo. The chorizo skillet was good, although the one tortilla it comes with is inadequate for the amount of filling it comes with. The tractor driver combo we upgraded to a banana pancake which was well worth the extra dollar. Service was excellent. . . The experience at their standalone restaurant on Sahara was better in terms of the atmosphere, the food, and the overall experience, but this was still fine.
At first look, the pictures of the food that are hanging near the entrance of the restaurant look horrible but the food turned out pretty good. I had the sage fried chicken with waffles. This dish did not meet my expectations. The chicken was bland and there wasn't anything especially good about the tower of bacon waffles. HOWEVER, the Tractor Driver Combo with the brown sugar banana flapjack was delicious. The griddled french toast was also great. Also the watermelon kiwi drink is a must have.
Shared the sage chicken and waffles with a friend. It was just ok I guess. Our waiter gave me a side of gravy so I can dip my chicken in it. That was a plus.
Hash House A Go Go is coming to Chicago! Now I can relive the hungover moment that I had in Vegas lol.. . I had a list of restaurants that I wanted to go to on my recent trip to Vegas. Hash house is the only place I made it to on that list. . . We arrived around 1pm on a Sunday. Don't be afraid of all the people waiting. We were seated within 10 minutes. The hostess was super nice. The rest of our party wasn't there yet, but she still sat us down right away. I was tired of eating eggs so I got the waffle. My friend had some sort of skillet. . . My waffle was huge and tasty. It was a little tough to eat though. It wasn't one of those waffles that's crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. It was just soft all around. I ordered a side of strawberries with whipped cream. It cost me $6 for 5 strawberries!! I wish the waitress would have told me that. My friend's skillet wasn't like your regular skillet where they put the eggs on top of the potatoes and then melt the cheese. The eggs and potatoes were separate. . . I'll give this place another try when they open in Chicago, but when I go to Vegas I'll pass.
I had always heard of the place, and this time around ,we went with a group of 6 people, and were staying at the Flamingo Hilton, which is on the same side and 2 Hotels down from The Imperial Hotel where Hash a Gogo is..  We just got off the plane on a Red eye from Honolulu, which arrives around 7 am, so we were ready for breakfast, and a Bloody Mary.. Well, that's exactly what they bring! Bring your appetite, because there portions are HUGE!. We ordered Chicken and Waffles, Eggs Benedict.Hash browns and eggs and their Bacon Bloody Marys! Yes, I said Bacon Bloody Marys, LOL. The funny thing was, on a plate of 4,500 calories, they had the freshest pieces of healthy fruit ever! hahaha. And even if you're not a Bloody Mary fan, you have to order one, just to say you tried one.Just check out my pics!.  Not sure if I would go again, but it is definitely a place to go at least once.
In the land of the dinosaurs, or at least those of us who eat like one, Hash House would probably reign supreme. This city is overflowing with buffets designed to make your waist, well, overflow, and Hash House can easily provide that feeling with a single item. The fact that very few things on their menu even exceed the $15 mark is pretty impressive, but maybe that's why everything presented looks ostentatious but winds up just rather banal... an embodiment of Las Vegas as a whole, perhaps.. . Style over substance certainly seems to be the modus operandi for Hash House, delivering mammoth sized meals you can't help but go "wow!" over, and yet very few people leave with empty plates, more likely because they simply got tired of eating surprisingly bland food, rather than being simply outmatched in the stomach capacity department. I watched multiple diners get up from the bar stools next to me leaving half or even three-quarters of a plate full of food behind. I guess when the prices are this low, in Vegas, you figure that the minimal investment isn't really worth the excessive calories.. . That's all in retrospect though... I came to Hash House because I had heard tales of monolithic food combinations so loaded with flavor that they had attracted multiple food related television shows to their establishments, including a chicken and waffle dish stacked so high that it approached eye level. Without going on too much of a rant about how these shows often lead so many people astray, I'll just say that the size (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=vdzuQYUETEvJLxak4rwB2w#vdzuQYUETEvJLxak4rwB2w) is definitely impressive, but we all know it's what you do with it that counts. Somewhat ironically I had actually used their sage fried chicken and bacon loaded waffles as inspiration for a recent brunch party I hosted, and I can honestly say that I put Hash House to shame. What absolutely makes fried chicken is the skin, and if you've got limp, soggy skin, then your size doesn't much matter. This chicken could have been baked for all I know, as there was zero crispness to it. Add to that waffles that, aside from the bacon slices inside, are generally bland, and one tiny ramekin of syrup to assist, and I can see why people literally just got tired of eating this. . . I also gave their BLT Bloody Mary a try, thinking the ingredients would be well infused into the drink, considering that it was by far the most expensive on the menu, but instead I wound up with what essentially amounts to a sandwich shoved into a drink (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=vdzuQYUETEvJLxak4rwB2w#SBNu2x4ogGJkvRJ5spQLRA), with no clear way on the best way to either eat or drink it. I wound up having to sip and nibble like a freaking rabbit on what has to be the clumsiest cocktail idea I've ever seen executed. After having the variations prepared by Brian, Nicole, and Gregg at my Bloody Mary Battle, this seemed outright amateurish. I should have stuck with my original intuition, passed on the alcohol, and gave the S'Mores latte a go... although if this was any indication it would have been the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man shoved into a teacup with a box of Graham Crackers on the side and someone who comes along and projectile vomits Hershey's chocolate syrup in my face.
This restaurant is located in the Imperial Palace hotel. The restaurant itself looks a little drab and old, like there used to be a previous restaurant residing here. Nevertheless, the famous Hash House a Go Go name doesn't disappoint. . . BEWARE: This place tends to get super busy, especially on weekends. So either come really early...or really late. . . I came here with three other people and was forewarned about the portions here. When we tried to order our entrees we were told that there was a charge for sharing (what?!). Thankfully, our waitress suggested that we order two entrees and two sides so we could bypass the nonsense charge. First off, my friend and I ordered morning cocktails: a pineapple champagne cocktail and a hibiscus. Unfortunately, the drinks were not good. Save the money, it's not worth it. . . Interesting menu tid-bit: Look up on their menu O'Hare of the Dog. Only in Vegas would they have that as a menu item. . . As far as entrees went, we ordered the House Smoked Fresh Salmon Hash and the Sage Fried Chicken Farm Benedict with two sides: Mac and Cheese and some vegetables. The Hash was actually not very good at all. I swear the salmon tasted like it came out of a can and it was super dry. We ended up picking at it throughout the  meal and didn't even finish it. Now the Farm Benedict on the other hand....AMAZING!!!! Hands down one of the best entrees I've had for breakfast EVER! I couldn''t stop eating it! It was a combination of fried chicken, mashed potatoes, biscuits, and gravy heaven. I wish we had ordered two of these. Thank goodness our waitress recommended it!! She also recommended the Brown Sugar Banana flapjacks, which I've read on yelp are amazing, but we didn't order it this time around. . . I would definitely say that the food saves this place. I can't speak for other locations. The service was sub-par, and for some reason they couldn't find any extra plates for us as well as silverware! It wasn't even that busy the morning we went so how does that happen? . . Definitely coming back here for breakfast whenever I'm in Sin City. I wouldn't mind trying other locations as well. One thing's for sure: I'm gonna order that Farm Benedict next time.
This place is a trip. When you walk in off the strip, you have to walk through a construction tunnel. There are barely any signs outside to announce that any business is still active. Once inside, the casino is so old that the slot machines may as well be from the times, when I was a teenager. The ceiling is slow. The air conditioning is set on energy-saver mode. There is an elevator that takes you up. I mean I pushed the button. I couldn't quite tell, if it was moving up or merely idling. The light for the buttons was broken. The air conditioning definitely didn't reach in there. Sweat was pouring down my front, back, everywhere. "Las Vegas has them now," the line from the movie Hangover flashed in my head. There definitely was no telling, if I'd get out of this elevator.. . Eventually, the door opened one floor higher. The restaurant was equally aged. The web site promised farm fresh produce. That made me think of healthy food. It's not healthy. It's super sized Southern portions. OMG, I had a tower of waffles with a pile of fried chicken on top. Someone stabbed a knife through it to keep it from toppling. It was at least a foot high. The plates were made for giants. This place is really about the portions that are so over the top and over the top again that your eyeballs fall out. It's like a freak show of food. It's definitely worth the experience of checking it out once.. . I recommend splitting an entree with a party of 10. And, be sure to ask for a wolf-pack-sized doggie bag.. . Hint: There are coupons floating around.
I'd love to give this place 4 stars, and my reason for taking a star off might seem odd to some, but honestly... the portions are a little excessive. No one like leaving hungry, but at the same token, not many people I know like being presented with a plate holding enough food to feed 4 people easily. I had the crispy pork loin benedict, which was really tasty. The southwest sauce on it was perfect, but the scrambled eggs on top were almost superfluous. The pork loin covered my entire plate and was laid on top a big biscuit and mashed potatoes. I don't think I was able to finish half of it. I get that they're known for their ridiculous portions, but seriously... it was a bit much. . . Their bacon waffles (yes, there's strips of bacon IN the waffles) were really good. Super fluffy and a perfect balance of sweet and salty. Their biscuits are big and fluffy and are great with their homemade jam. I think their jam may have been some of the best i've ever had. And the kiwi watermelon lemonade was so so good! . . If they were to tone down their portions (you can keep them big without being insanely ginormous) I'd give them 4 stars.
The food looks better than it tastes.  Not to say it was bad, it just was ok.  I got the sage fried chicken breakfast and a bloody mary, and as many have said here, the chicken could use some seasoning as it was pretty bland.  The drinks were better than the food, I have to say.. . I'm not big on gigantic novelty meals that I won't finish, I'd rather the food taste great.  That all said, it's still a solid breakfast choice.
Hash House a Go Go is up the escalator in the Imperial Palace Hotel.  It is actually a nice place to go to (surprisingly given all the renovation going on at the Imperial Palace).  We wanted a casual meal reasonable costs and Hash House A Go Go delivered. There were 3 in our party - one had  a hamburger; one had a salmon burger, and I had their chicken pecan salad.  I like pecans - and this salad delivered (almost to the point where I was almost ready to say no more - which is surprising for me).. . The food is huge - my salad would easily serve a family of 4 - and as such, I did not finish it.  It was quite filling and prices were very reasonable.. . If you want a casual meal which will fill you up, this place is a go to place.  If you want fine dining - its not; but for breakfast, lunch, or a casual dinner, the place delivers.. . Service was good.  The piped in music is ok here - but a bit loud (we had one person with some hearing issues).  We still were able to have a conversation though.. . Overall, good place to go for what it is - casual dining with huge portions with a reasonable cost in a very expensive dining area i.e. the Las Vegas strip.
A hang over cure? yes. A culinary must? No. . . The best part of my meal was that they serve great coffee. No cream, no sugar. That's about where the impressiveness stopped. . . I ordered the fried chicken Benedict dish. I was craving fried chicken and something hearty to rejuvenate me from a weekend of drinking the equivalent in my weight. Fried chicken breast atop mashed potatoes, and a biscuit. Stuffed with spinach and bacon, smothered in hollandaise sauce. Just what the dr ordered....or so I thought. . . The dish was fine, just nothing too memorable. With a 'as shown on man v food' tag on the menu, you'd expect delicious. I shoulda realized it meant, 'too much food for any person to ever eat in one sitting'. . . If you're staying nearby and are just looking for food, sure. But don't waste your time going out of the way to eat here.
enjoyed it but i can go without my plate looking like jumanji...
Yes, the portions are as obscene as ever, which makes everyone laugh.  But, this Hash House experience was not as good as to our visit at the West-side location (6800 W Sahara Ave).  And, this location is kinda odd... basically a windowless attic in the Imperial Palace.  And, while the food was pretty good, it was inconsistent.  Worse, the service was definitely lacking.  I'd say overall 2.5 stars.. . Service - 2 stars. The server had a nice demeanor, sort of Southern-friendly like, but his recall and follow-up were poor.  For instance, he totally forgot to order two of our drinks & one of our meals.  We also waited a VERY long time for everything... drinks, food, & check.. . Chicken & Waffles - 2 stars. Good, but again not as good as the West-side location.  The waffles were not fully cooked (making them very heavy) and maple reduction sauce was too light to compensate.. . Meatloaf Sandwich w/Cheese - 4 stars. A touch dry, but very tasty.  It came sandwiched between this crazy big bread (think Texas Toast on steroids.)  Fun to look at, but you couldn't taste much else but bread.  Flung the "discus of bread" onto another plate.  After that, the open-face style was much better.  . . Stuffed Hamburger - 2 stars. Again, fun to see delivered.  But, the meat (two huge patties - like manhole covers) were pressed too thin, making them well-done & dried out.  Also, that burger meat quality was so-so (think basic McDonald's burger, but much bigger). . Big O' Roasted Butternut Squash - 4 stars. Unique dish... Squash stuffed with risotto and crowned with fried portabello mushroom and served with an ear of corn on the cobb.  But, it was huge carbo-load.  Two people could not finish it.. . Overall, if you've never been HHAGG, it's fun to check out.  But, with all the uber-great restaurants in Vegas, we'll probably not return here.
Ehh mixed feelings.. . So after having this place hyped up by one of my buddies, I was really excited since i like a good breakfast. And i LOVE a good breakfast after a hard night of drinking..which is where this review will begin! lol. . So when we get to Imperial Palace, we find Hash House and it's swarmed by people waiting to get in.  The hostess informs us that it's about an hour wait time to get seated..$10 and 5 minutes later, we were seated haha. . I know it was busy and all, but it took absolutely forever to take our orders, bring out drinks, and bring out our food.  So service you can was average at the best. Our waitress was nice when we did see her, but that was rare.. . I opted for the world famous sage fried chicken and waffles. the chicken was really good! the batter was light and flavorful. the waffles had huge strips of bacon inside them. however, besides that there was nothing special about them.  batter they used was a little heavy, and the waffle itself was uneventful. . . Pricing is good for the Strip. Most dishes were around $15 and portions were huge and easily shared. . . Maybe I was expecting too much? But this place wasn't all that cracked out. The food was average at best. If I hadn't greased the hostess, this meal would have taken more then 2 hours if you include the wait time.. . I'd eat here again though, but maybe on a weekday and a different dish!
I'd been dying to try the San Diego location since friends keep posting pictures of these giant fancy plates of food from this place. We walked in about 9 am on a Sunday morning. We saw lots of people sitting in the waiting area so we were expecting a wait but luckily the hostess just ushered us in. They have plenty of small tables available for 2- 4 people. Guess there were large groups outside. But by the end of the meal, the place was packed, both inside and out. Anyways, the first thing the waitress said was that the portions are huge. I already knew that and decided to split a dish with someone. The guys each ordered their own dish and ended up boxing up half of it. Hahaha. So I split the house hash with chicken. It was served in a heavy iron skillet along with a biscuit, 2 eggs and fruit. We were starving but it was so much food. The two of us had trouble finishing it. It wasn't that amazing either. The food is just ok. I don't know if I love itor will crave it in the future. It's a little bit greasy. I think their gimmick is just huge portions and I guess their food presentation is pretty good. My friend got the Andy's sage fried chicken eggs benedict (which is a Man vs Food fav) but man it's like almost a foot high, everything piled on top of each other. Looked really good. I only tried a bit of the mashed potatoes and chicken and hollandaise sauce. It was tasty. That dish was like $16 though. Everything is about $15 or more but I guess if it feeds you twice, it's ok. Hard to have leftovers on vacation though and I'm guessing a lot of people that come here are tourists. Oh and the other guy at our table got the combo with a waffle, eggs, sausage, and fruit. The waffle took up like  of the plate and half of the waffle went home with us as well. Haha. Oh and I have to mention service was horrible. Our waitress liked to disappear for long periods of time. She was nice and polite but nowhere to be found. Other people brought out our drinks and food. And we had to flag other wait staff to get an extra plate and boxes at the end. Man, it would've been a much quicker meal if we had better service.
Kinda fun place. Very good service and good music playing food came out looking like artwork and kinda tasted like it too. Ha, not really, but it was not as good as it looked. Chicken was over cooked and tough, several of the stacked ingredients were not hot or even warm. I had the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and it was huge amount of food. I can see how if they were on their game it could be really good. Never had a burning desire to eat there a second time but I would try it again. The guy next to me had a pancake that looked really good and was huge.
Great Breakfast. . . Waffles were awesome. . . Pricing was good as well.
If you are craving some Chicken and Waffles this is the place to go. At $16.95 you get  two portions of white meat chicken and waffles with bacon strips sandwiched inside.. . GOOD:. * SAGE FRIED CHICKEN WITH STACKED BACON WAFFLES (17):.    - You can taste the sage in the fried chicken and is best if you include a bite of the fried leeks that they scatter around the plate. The waffles are nice and thick with strips of bacon layered inside. Not like other places where they chop the bacon into bits and mix it into the batter. The only downer is that the waffles are a bit limp and has lost any "crunch" to the exterior. Which I have learned through America's Text Kitchen is because there is too much moister in the batter or maybe the steam from the bacon did it. For the price and the size its a nice brunch that will tide you over till dinner or snack time, which ever comes first.. . OKAY:. * its hard to get to this place because it is inside Imperial Palace, which is undergoing a renovation.. * if you are slow to wake-up, then be ready to get more rest as you wait for a table to open up. They don't have enough staff for the number of customers who want in.
As seen on Man Vs. Food... This pace is hype, so there is always a wait!. . I was excited to give this pace a go but a little disappointed when we got our food... I ordered a pancake, yes it was bigger than my head, but the one pancake was pretty much my entire meal. They didn't have any breakfasts that featured their hugh cakes or french toast with eggs and hash browns or anything like that, which was what I was really looking forward to (a breakfast plate). You do get to select ONE side but when my plate came out I LITERALLY looked down to find one pancake and 6 tiny potato cubes, which I consumed in 1.5 bites. The potatoes were really good too! I'd rather have a couple regular sized pancakes and a generous portion of potatoes than a ridiculously oversized pancake with one bite of potato... I like more variety in my breakfast. I'm glad we came here because now I can say I've tried it but I can honestly say I'll never be back! There are too many better places to eat in Vegas!
We came here after an all nighter -- the usual people do when they are here in Vegas.  After drinking, partying and gambling we were hungry, and realized it was already bright and early.  We decided to check out the place and wait for it to open.  We got there as soon as it open, so we were seated right away.  Our waitress greeted us with a warm greeting.  She was very pleasant and answered out question.. . I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles Maple Bacon Tower - its came with 6 or eight pieces of waffles and 2 pieces of Boneless Chicken Breast.  My friend ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict, and the other ordered the Smoked Salmon Scrambled.. . Imagine our eyes when they brought our order.  They were NOT kidding when they say that the portion size were HUGE!  I suggest that you come here very hungry or possibly just share a plate.  As far as the taste goes, Im not too impressed.  Im not a big fan of BIG portions, I prefer to have taste, quality over quantity.  I think its over rated.  The Fried Chicken Breast was dry, a little bland.  The waffles was too thick and doughy.  The Maple Bacon, well its missing the Maple flavor.  As far as my friends order, well I didnt like it so much - the Sage Chicken Eggs Benedict looks like a heart attack waiting to happen.  I did like the Smoke salmon and Eggs scramble.. . I might try again - to see definitely for Lunch or Dinner.
Don't tell my husband I didn't give it five stars!!!!. . HH was good. Well, it was ok. I had to act more in love with it than I really was because the husband was so hyped. When you're married to me you only have so much in life, so I let him have his moment. . . I had the pork tenderloin sandwich and he ordered the 1 lb burger stuffed with mashed potatoes and bacon. I heard the food portions were huge and I considered having us split an entree, but being on vacation we opted for being typical Americans instead. The food came out and it WAS huge. Stupidly huge. . . The pork tenderloin was the diameter of a dinner plate but the bun that it was set upon was normal size. Using the bun like a cookie cutter, I trimmed the excess pork so I could pick it up. The pork was awesome--just really big. . . Husbands burger was ok. It really didn't have any flavor and I was really turned off by the mashed potatoes in it. He loves mashed potatoes, so maybe that's why he thought it was so amazing. Eh. Mac n' cheese was good. . . Service started out great with an attentive waiter but by the end of the meal he had disappeared. I flagged someone down just as he reappeared and at that point his attitude had shifted. Odd. . . Would I eat here again? Only if I were to take someone who had never been here before. Other than that, it's just mediocre food.
Food was awesome but did have 1 issue. My 3 1/2 year old ordered a quesadilla with chicken (they have a quesadilla on the menu, but we wanted to add chicken) the server brought it out, with the chicken on the side...she said the cooks wouldn't put the chicken in the quesadilla because "it's against company policy to change a recipe" Our entire table was shocked. The server was apologetic, but I was shocked that something so simple couldn't be done.  So as I cut up the chicken to put in the quesadilla, I opened it to find the cheese wasn't even melted.  That was actually the only issue with food I had.
I had a great time here , I will explain later on , when i am certain of all the details ....
Located on the second floor inside the Imperial Palace casino on the Strip.. . We came for an quick bite after catching the Human Nature show.  Our server asked us if it was our first time eating at Hash House.  We said yes.  He warned us that portion size was huge.. . Knowing that, we opted for the "Just Grazing" section of the menu as it was around 9:30pm.. . Hubby got the BBQ pork ribs and I had the fried green tomato stack.  I wished I had taken a picture of my order.  Four slices of cornmeal crusted green tomatoes with goat cheese and chicken breast meat stuffed in the barrel.  And stacked on top of a huge watermelon wedge.  It was very good.  I enjoyed the combo of tomatoes with the chicken breast meat.. . Hubby's pork ribs were tangy, tender, and sweet and the meat fell off the bone. Sat on top of some red potatoes.  Good combo too.. . Beverages included homemade lemonade and the kiwi strawberry watermelon which was way too sweet.
Good food, but easily enough to split.  Loved the basil and cheese eggs, good potatoes.  The portions are gigantic (and for your heart's sake, I would advise splitting a meal), so come hungry.
Suck service. Good food. Look like people that work there just there for pay check. Food was really good
Food was nowhere near as good as it was when we visited last year. Had the  chicken and waffles, both pieces of chick had the leg none still attached when we were here a year ago it was all boneless chicken. Also the chicken was dry and the breading flavorless.
I'd give it the exact 3.5 stars it has currently for almost no good reason: the waiter service is attentive and satisfactory---the food portions are gargantuan and generous---the interior is comfortable enough and has fun decoration.. The only issue is that picking a restaurant in Vegas gets you stuck in a vicinity for a long time unless you cab it. At Hash House, you're stuck at the Imperial Palace.. Food was good but not memorable.
You know when all your friends and their friends' friends have been to a cool joint and you're the only one that's never been? Well such as the case with Hash House A Go Go. My ears were burning for days when my friends were mouthing off about this place....the ginormous portions, the food coma afterwards and how their leftovers would last them for days back home....blah blah blah. . . Then they said Adam Richman from Man V Food went there. Say no more. We are going to Hash House A Go Go.. . My friends warned me that service was non-existent at this place. Well luck was on our side because our waiter was pretty attentive during our entire stay. . . The menu was extensive and their breakfast menu in particular was impressive. I never made it past the House Hashes. I was really tempted to try the Sage Fried Chicken (cause it was Adam's favorite). My friend ordered it and honestly it didn't look as appetizing.....as my Corned Beef House Hash (came with crispy potatoes). The verdict for the corned beef order after the initial taste test was just okay. I personally like my corned beef minced (not hand shredded). Then I had a bite of my other friend's Chorizo House Hash. Let me tell you that is the winner. I would probably order that again my next visit. . . The portions were big but the waiter did warn us all the House Hashes were "normal" size. The biggest portion I saw was the Sage Fried Chicken. Even that dish I expected to be even more behemouth in size based on what my friends were raving about. Sometimes it's better not to hear the hype and you can make your own conclusions. . . *I was really angry that they don't have any restrooms in the restaurant. I had to run downstairs back into the casino.
We ordered the Boston Hash specifically because there was no meat. When it arrived at our table, they had accidentally given us the Corn Beef Hash or whatever it was called. . . After we complained, they were really nice about it and quickly brought us the Boston Hash. They let me eat the other hash plate, but only charged for 1 plate.. . The food was good, although it was way too oily! It's also a lot more expensive than I remember.
The worst part of this restaurant is that it's located inside Imperial Palace...which imho is a complete dump.. . The food quality is actually quite good and the price + portion size is excellent also.. . They serve a lot of breakfast type dishes and is an excellent place to eat at after consuming copious amounts of alcohol.
This ia 3.5 rating review.. The wait was ridiculous...but luckily they have a bloody mary bar for $9. That helped but the alcohol soaked in quick as I was super hungry.. My friends and I ordered 3 dishes.. 1. The popular fried chicken and waffles - this was very big and I liked the waffles, but  other than that I did not really find it to be awesome. The sage in the chicken is interesting and I guess that makes it special. The chicken was soft and not dry.. 2. Fried chicken benedict - this one was okay. Lots of cheese and I'm sad the egg was not poached, it was scrambled. Definitely did not stand out to me though.. 3. The salmon scramble with pesto, brie, and some other items. This one was good, I liked the scramble, though I was so full from trying all the other dishes I could barely finish this. The biscuit is very good too, like an oversized KFC biscuit. The potatoes it came with were okay.. . Overall, this place was good for a one time thing, I wouldn't really go back just b/c the wait is long, and the space is annoying b/c people are walking EVERYWHERE. . The food wasn't awesome, but if you like big portions for a decent price this is the spot for you!
Good breakfast food in huge portions at reasonable (for Vegas) prices.. . Had the bacon waffle with a side of eggs.  This is a huge waffle with strips of bacon laid on the diagonals of the waffle.  When you get a bite of bacon, great, when not it's plain waffle.  Not much different than a waffle with a side of bacon.. . For a drink, try the Makers Mark and lemonade - it's the bomb.. . Waits for this place can run upwards of an hour.  There's a bar that's firct come first served, if your party is just one or two people.
I dined here on a Saturday night. I had the chicken and waffles. The chicken was spiced nicely, but was dry and over cooked. The waffles, however, were delicious with bacon cooked inside them. The waiter made a slight error with my Mom's order, but made up for it with a complimentary side of biscuits. We sampled the salmon and meatloaf along with my chicken and waffles.. . This is definitely a fun food place with huge portions presented interestingly, but I thought the taste of everything overall was just average besides the waffles.. . Be warned as the restaurant's noise level is very LOUD.
How could I not stop by where Man vs Food had been???. . The portions here are so huge, it's no surprise that Adam Richman stopped by.  My bf and I shared the sage fried chicken and bacon waffles and we were both stuffed at the end of our meal.  It comes with 2 chicken breasts and 4 waffles so it's easily shared among two people.  The waffles are fluffyand having the idea to put bacon strips in the middle was a stroke of genius.  The chicken on the other hand was a tad on the bland and dry side.  But the meal overall was pretty satisfying.. . As you step inside you'll feel like you've been transported to the South.  I decor is very charming and pretty fancy compared to other parts of Imperial Palace.  The staff is friendly and quick with your order. . . So Go Go to Hash House A Go Go!
Not sure if we came on an off day, but we were all utterly dissapointed with our first time at Hash House a Go Go. . . Was really looking forward to trying this place on our last day. I thought our party of 5 would have to wait forever on Sunday at noon, but surprisingly, we were seated in less than 15 minutes. First off, it was like a sauna at the "Quad" and upstairs at Hash House a Go Go. Not a good experience to start off with, and the hostess was a bit rude, saying EVERYONE must be present to be seated. Understood.. . We were seated in a cozy booth towards the back, and luckily, it wasn't as hot back there. Our waiter took our drink orders, and 2 of us ordered their famous kiwi watermelon lemonade. One ordered a coffee, and he brought a total of 2 waters for 5 of us, even though others wanted water. The fruity lemonade was refreshing and not overly sweet. They serve it with boba straws!. . My friend and I decided to share the famous fried chicken benedict. As a benny fan, I was really excited to try this Man Vs. Food staple. Another ordered the salmon benedict, a salmon hash, and the fried chicken and waffles.. . Food came out pretty quickly, and the portions are HUMONGOUS! I was so glad someone agreed to share with me. Overall, the dish was okay, nothing out of this world. The best part was the biscuit.. . Friend's smoked salmon benedict was actually cooked, some overly cooked and dry. When she mentioned to the waiter that it wasn't smoked salmon as it said, he got really defensive and said it is smoked, but when they cook it as a benedict, it cooks that way. Friends hash had very badly burnt potatoes, and he agreed that the biscuit was the best part.. . Felt bad for the friend that got the fried chicken and waffles. He said the chicken had no flavor and very dry. The waffles had a strip of bacon in the middle, but I think it would be tastier if they crumbled the bacon and put in the batter.. . Overall, I would try again, but maybe a different location. I
Food was good,  service not so good.
It's a pretty decent place to eat.. . I wasn't a huge fan with the food I order (I actually forget the name of it!), but that doesn't mean anything else was on par with that. I was with a large group of people who all seemed to enjoy their food, so maybe I just made the wrong choice!. . The service is great, even though it was so busy! Our server was very polite and patient, and we had a rather... ahem, difficult customer to please in our group.
I don't know what is wrong with me. All these places that come highly recommended by my peeps....often don't pan out with me? Am I trying to be different? This place was okay. I wouldn't walk the distance we walked to eat here again. I ordered the bloody mary as recommended by a good friend and I couldn't finish it. My food was fair, but so salty I thought I was going to commit suicide before I could find water on the way back to our hotel. If I was staying in the Imperial Palace, I would eat here...but I would not venture this way again if it was out of the way.
Was told that the M Hotel and casino had the best food so we went to the Buffet the night before and had a great meal , probably the best buffet in town.  Since the buffet was so great we decided to have breakfast at the Hash House A Go Gp at the same hotel, big mistake.  I had the fried chicken and waffles which wasn't bad and my wife and my wife had the basic breakfast which was scrambled eggs and biscuit .  The service was slow since they seem to be a little short on help, I guess I was just expecting more since the buffet the night before was so great.  My conclusion is to have the buffet but skip the breakfast there
I went to Hash House A Go Go because I didn't really know where to go for a cheap breakfast while we stayed at the Venetian. The food wasn't horrible, but it wasn't amazing either. Customer service wasn't bad though. Our server was pretty good and he tried to crack some jokes. Unfortunately, hung over girls that are hungry don't want to laugh- they just want to eat. He was funny in retrospect.. . I had the salmon eggs benny while my boyfriend had the chicken and waffles. I remember sitting back and while we were waitingfor our food to come. We were silently pointing and laughing at people that were getting these massive plates delivered to their tables. I was like "I'm SO glad that's not what I order" WRONG! It was totally what I ordered. I just looked at my plate and my hang over was gone... and so was my appetite. There was way too much hollandaise sauce on my eggs benny. There was also just too much of everything. I had maybe a total of 3 bites of this thing, then I wanted to just look away and not eat for a week. My boyfriend's dish wasn't too bad though. There was bacon built into the waffle and the waffle was pretty soft. . . It really wasn't bad at this place, but I just didn't want to die of a heart attack. I felt it coming as soon as I took a forkful of the potatoes and biscuits drenched in a rose hollandaise sauce. Come here if you're really hungry. The price was amazing for the amount of food you get. Got damn.
Corned beef hash and BLT bloody mary...Ok.
After you're seated (1 hour wait on a Saturday afternoon), there's an additional 30-40 minutes until your food is served from the time you order. There are no appetizers on the menu. Biscuits are $2 each. Overpriced and over hyped if you ask me. It's definitely a tourist spot.
I have heard people say this place is food coma central. Came here after a night of fun and decided to get some food. . . Food: . Sage fried chicken and waffle. This was a huge plate and what felt like a mountain of food, but that did not intimate me. I was ready to dig in and was definitely impressed. The flavor was good and everything worked well together.  roscoe chickens and waffle is definitely better in my book. This dish was around $15- 16 and i think it is worth your money to try this place once. . . Service. We were seated pretty quickly, but then again it was 4 am. The staff here was attentive and ensure we were comfortable and got what we needed. . . There is no phone service here so you would have to take pictures and upload later.
AMAZING FOOD , WORST SERVICE. They need more servers on just like most restaurants on the strip. Not only lack of service, but bad service when my waiter did come around. If I came back it would have to be at a less busy time. Because the food was amazing!
fatties not foodies.  excessive amounts instead of quality. . tough choice, food was a little bit better than average, the overall service was way less than standard and the atmosphere was not good.. 1st.  as would be expected on a Sunday morning, 50 minute wait. Not bad for Vegas.  however, the 40 additional minutes to bring the food is outrageous.  they tell you it is going to take that long because they cook it fresh and  they do not use heat lamps.  I worked in restaurants, heat lamps have nothing to do with timing neither does cooking it fresh.  that part was unacceptable.  the music was way too loud.  basically you have to commit to three hours for this place while the music blares..   . 2nd.  but for two items, the food was good.  Banana pancakes, eggs, potato were tasty.  the sausage was below average.  The bacon was horrible and that was even after we told them how we liked it.  three attempts of failure.  no way that was freshly cooked.  Oh, and the ice tea was bad.. . price was reasonable given Vegas these days. . . so late night, if no one around, and you can sit immediately and they immediately bring your food, then go for it.  other than that, it is your risk....
Good service and well-prepared food. We enjoyed their bacon waffle and omelet. Located inside The Quad Resort & Casino, which is undergoing major renovations now. Recommend valet parking. Large portions, so go there hungry!
I ordered a variety of things, bc I wanted to try so much.. (Remember that the portions here are huge.). . Banana Latte: DON"T BOTHER ordering this. This did not taste anything like bananas!. I was so disappointed. I could have saved myself $9.. . The HH original benedict: Thumbs up. Its very tasty.. . Bacon Waffle: THUMBS DOWN. Its basically 4 pieces of square shaped waffles with two bacon strips baked into it.....I thought this waffle was going to have bits of bacon all over the entire things, cooked into it.:(. . Meatloaf: DELICIOUS.. . The one thing I loved about this place is the way they plate everything. The portions are huge ,but the way they plate it is very clean and colorful, not messy at all. Great Job.. I will definitely be back to try more things.
BISCUITS!! . . HUGE BUTTERY BISCUITS IN SWEET BUTTERY SAUCE.  free as the "appetizer bread" of the meal.  ate one and was 80% full.. . Sage Chicken Benedict. - a HUGE (head sized), unorthodox benedict.  a THICK layer of mashed potatoes, with heavy biscuits, topped with a HUGE deepfried chicken breast, tomatoes and spinach, and a fried egg-cheese mixture, all covered in yummy mayonasy sauce.  everything was good except that the chicken breast was bland and dry, and thats supposed to be the star of the show, unfortunately.  no sage taste at all. . Wonderful service - very helpful and nice.  when my friends requested souvenier cups she gladly checked the stock, and got the last few cups for us.  she also very thoughtful and asked if we wanted separate checks, before closing the checks.. . this place is a-ok, i would just be prepared to bring some home.  you can definitely make 3 meals out of 1 order.
This place is pretty awesome! 3stars because i'm more of a health freak and i wanted some healthier options. overall, the portions are HUUGE,  I tried the Corned beef sandwich, onions were sweet, the beef was tender and juicy, the bread was lightly buttered, and the cucumber dressing on the salad was creamy and flavorful. Perfect complement considering it was 2am in the morning. on a separate visit, i had the salmon omlette which wasn't that great and was more on the fishy side and oily side(it was drenched with olive oil to cook the fish)  overall its a pretty awesome place. . btw. the chairs suck .. they've been ruined by fat butts, so you tend to sink into them in an uncomfortable way where your arms are a bit elevated ... (mind you, i'm 5'7)
Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit. . . One of me. . . I tackled it in two meals: a very very hearty dinner and a delicious breakfast the next day. Felt the heartburn kick in halfway through the meal. The fried chicken is very crisp, mashed potatoes very rich, and the biscuit soft and buttery.. . Best post-meal idea is to walk around the Strip from one end to another and again to ease the food coma.
I've been to the San Diego location several of times and was excited to find out there were multiple LV locations. Because of all the construction at The Quad, it was a little hard to find. I was just glad there was no wait for a table - I thought it was more popular. The service was a bit slow during dinner even though they weren't busy at all. The portions are huge and you can probably share most of the dishes. I guess the price is okay because of the size but this is one time when quantity doesn't beat quality. Thankfully I had a Restaurant.com coupon (yay iPhone app) and saved $25 on the meal. Otherwise I would've been pretty bummed at the overall experience. I don't think I'll be back (to this location). There are so many other places I'd rather eat at on the Strip.
This place really lives up to its reputation.  The food was amazing and so was the service.  My concerns are to the location of this eatery.  Honestly I really can't believe the old Imperial Palace wasn't condemned and blown up.  Don't let the new name (The Quad Resort &Casino) fool you....its still the nasty Imperial palace...but hey!  Its Vegas and you probably wont notice because you are either drunk or hungover.
This was ok, I was a bit let down, wanted to like it more based on the reviews here, but just didn't feel it.  Maybe I was disappointed in what I ordered, biscuits and gravy.  My lady had the chorizo/jalapeno scrambler and that was better.  I don't know man, something about the food, looked industrial or processed to me.  Like they hit and button and GLOP it appeared on the plate.  Just didn't look very appetizing to me, even in the pictures here on Yelp.  A very loud place, but we were seated pretty quick for a party of four.  Drink orders took a long time, but our server was very nice and helpful, got no gripe there at all.  Very reasonably priced for Vegas and the portions are rather large, someone told me tosplit the portions, but my lady and I are tough, we can handle it! Think our tab was about 52 bucks for both meals and three drinks.  I might go back and try something different next time, just sorta average to be honest.
I was warned that it would be huge portions and i warned by husband as well...but why was it that he still wanted to order an additional pancake (that was bigger then my head)...i don't know. So they are famous for their chicken and waffle dish. Bacon stuffed waffle was good, chicken was kind of bland. I've had better chicken and waffle at numerous other places, however there is enough food on the plate to feed 2, may 3, people. . . Overall the food was okay, but it's definitely a bang for your buck if you've been losing at the tables in Vegas. Oh and the one in The Quad is now open 24/7.
We went to eat here twice during our visit to Vegas.  This is the only sit down restaurant in Quad Casino.  It was very busy both times we went.  The first time, we had the chicken and waffles.  This dish is as wonderful as everyone says.  It is full of bacon!  As in, bacon between the chicken and the waffles and bacon strips IN the waffles.  Hell gyeah!  The chicken was tender and crispy, but I wasn't a huge fan of the rosemary flavoring.  I didn't hate it though.  4 stars for sure.  . . The second time, I just had a standard breakfast of ham, eggs, potatoes, and toast.  Nothing special there.  I do like how they throw some fresh fruit on the plate though. . . This place is tucked deep inside the casino, so there is no natural light anywhere to be found.  So, it's kinda dark in there.  Me no likely.  . . Service was stellar both times I went.  I would definitely go back.  Portions are huge!
Wove through the maze of the hotel to find this location, which wasn't particularly easy. It was totally freezing inside, which i'm sure during the worst part of the day is great, but at 8am, it was a little much. . . We were seated and had coffee quickly. Food came out superfast, was fresh and, obviously, plentiful. I ate about a quarter of the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, fed some to my fellow diners, and took even more back to our hotel for others. The chicken and biscuit were moist and flavorful, the bacon was crispy and plentiful, and the potatoes were great. I pushed aside most of the sauce on top and just went for the chicken -- sauce on the side would've probably helped control the balance better.. .  I cannot imagine anyone eating this whole crazy thing. I wish there was a tasting portion so that you could just have three perfect bites, as I think that that would be more satisfying and in line with how I like to eat, but I totally get that that's not the idea here.. . So, bring your friends (or let them sleep in and bring them leftovers), and come early, and it seems like the worries about sogginess, slowness, etc., aren't an issue. But bring a sweatshirt. Brr.
Overall my experience was good. After we sat down our waitress swung by to say she'd be right with us. It was mid breakfast, so the place was pretty full. It did take a long time to get water though. Our waitress was friendly & knowledgeable about the food. She had good suggestions, and we had a good experience with her. The portion size is definitely huge! . . I got the biscuits & gravy! Being that I lived in the south I had high expectations! The gravy was phenomenal, but the biscuit was a bit dry. My friend go the hot & sticky granola & it came with an assortment of fruit. It looked delicious & she seemed to enjoy it! . . We enjoyed our breakfast, the atmosphere was nice. I just think next time I would go during a time of day where I knew it might not be as busy.
I love benedicts and I was craving a good been- I read some Yelp reviews and found Hash House A Go Go and decided that would be my breakfast place. I also looked online and the menu seemed delicious and I love fresh, organic and farm food. I ordered the HH Original benedict. I knew I would miss my hollandaise sauce but the roasted cream sauce sounded interesting. The service was great and the food comes out super fast. It was huge to my surprise. It was pretty bland to me and what makes it huge is the super enormous scoops of mashed potatoes and two fluffy biscuits. It's a total carbohydrate nightmare. I ate the sauce and the eggs and a few bites of potato with biscuit. But I still craved my traditional benedict that I originally had my heart set on. I should have ordered a scramble instead because there is a lack of protein in this dish. . This is in the Quad Casino and there is a lot of construction going on in the casino so it can be hard to find - just follow the signs or ask someone. . If you like carbs- then you will probably like Hash House A Go Go. This place will make you fat.
So much hype. I have bookmarked this place since my first trip to Vegas when I was 21, and all I have to say is FREAKING FINALLY after how many years? Goodness! . . NOW OPEN 24 hours?! Wait, what?. . First off: PACKED. 30-45 mins wait. Note that if you are a larger party, you will be waiting longer (5+ people = large). How they do their seating is: smaller parties first and then large parties. And you all have to be presented to be seated. If you check in with the host saying how many groups before you, she/he will not tell you that it's one SMALL/LARGE group before you - FYI.. . Service: Our waitress was sassy at first. Maybe because it was a busy Saturday and everyone got on her nerves, but it was definitely not early... We went around 11 close to noon and it was crazy packed. Later on she was attentive to our needs and became nice. We tipped her anyway!. . Food: LARGE PORTIONS. I cannot stress that enough. So if you're a hungry hippo, you'd be satisfied with your own plate, for sure. But a girlfriend and I split a dish. (I don't know what they're popular for, I just heard great things about this place). I ordered the Egg Benedict Smoked Salmon = HUGE. Nicely decorated and visually appealing; so good enough to eat for sure with a side of crispy potatoes. . . I wish it didn't have the biscuit, it made the dish extremely heavy. The dish included: cheese, eggs (duh!), dried tomatoes, spinach, salmon (not a lot at all), biscuit and mashed potatoes (starting from the top to the bottom layers). So definitely a heavy plate with the potatoes and biscuit. The flavor was in the middle, like some bites were very bland and others were good.. . I was actually not satisfied with my order. And it was on my end, not the restaurants. I should have went with the salmon scrambled dish - had a bite out of that and OMG so baaamb! . . Venue: It's in confusing area - The Quad, and parking was a hassle or whatnot. The restaurant is actually really big, and I couldn't tell because the way it's laid out. . . Definitely would come back and try another dish - maybe dinner time since it was so packed for brunch!
We tried out this place due to all the hype off of man vs food. First, this location purely sucks! it was hard finding it, it was random where it is at, ghetto feeling casino that felt dingy dirty etc... . interior decor of the restaurant was lack luster.... the hostess came across unprofessional regarding her demeanor. . . Food wise: we ordered the sage chicken and split it due to its size. Hands down this was a unique dish with a wonderful array of flavors. However, i didnt expect overcooked chicken, hard biscuits etc... . . I would try another location but not this one...
ehhh honestly kinda disappointed! . I the San Diego Hash house A Go GO so when I saw they had a location in our hotel I was so excited... The service was great I don't remember our servers name bu she brought me extra olives for my bloody Mary I remember that! . Speaking of the Bloody Mary it was really good. . But the food hmm not the same quality as the SD Location I was sick all night after eating the burger I know its 1 ilb of meat but I only ate one quarter of the burger and after my stomach ache in the middle of my vacation I realized it was probably not quality meat. . well when in Vegas  you have to expect  quantity over quality I guess...
If you're looking for bang for your buck and by that I mean HUGE portions, this is a quality place to eat.  While there are definitely other places on the strip with higher quality, more flavorful food, most of them aren't offering portions this size.. . I had  the Sage Fried Chicken and a Bloody Mary.  The Bloody Mary was the first one I've ever tried and it was delicious.  Peppery, with the perfect amount of Vodka mixed in.  The fried chicken was average and the bacon waffle was a little disappointing.  They basically throw a bunch of full pieces of bacon into the batter, throw it in the waffle iron and call them bacon waffles.  Good try, but the waffles just didn't have the flavor that I was looking for.. . It wasn't a bad meal by any means though.  For the price, I definitely feel like I got my money's worth and I wouldn't be against coming back to this place next time I'm in Vegas.
This was our second time to go go. Food was great. 45 min. Wait. Service was poor. There were 4 of us. 2 got our food and we were almost done before they could get the other food out. Had to beg for refill on coffee. Waiter was never around and was just to busy for him to keep up... . Go to Du-pars at the golden gate casino downtown. Best little kept secret in town. Best pancakes in the world, better service at half the price.
After watching it featured on multiple shows I had to make it a stop on my Vegas itinerary. . I got the sage fried chicken and waffles, my Mom got the Sage fried chicken Benedict. They looked great! Pic taken, Facebooked it!. I was really sad once I ate it. It really needed some salt, the breading tasted like mushy cornflakes with a hint of sage. I almost cried-not really but I was so bummed. . Maybe I got the wrong thing? High expectations, lackluster food, no refills offered on water or coffee (boooo).. I may try a different location, will def try another dish...
While in Vegas, my friend insisted that we had to eat at Hash House. We came as a group of 12 on a busy Saturday morning. The hostess told us the wait would be about an hour or more. So, we split up into groups of 4, and ended up waiting about 20 minutes instead. Not bad at all!. . My group ordered 3 dishes (way more than enough for 4 hungry people!) Me and two other friends shared the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and the Meatloaf Hash. Both were delicious! We were so hungry and tired (from the night before!), that I can't even remember what was all in our food. I just remember it being delicious. . . The restaurant was super busy and service was kind of slow, but the food was definitely worth the wait! I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas!
Still on my quest for corn-beef hash that rivals Bob's diner in Manchester Center VT, My latest stop here appeared to have potential, however turned out to be somewhat disappointing. The looked good...nice big pile of real corned beef in a cast iron skillet, however the skillet was cold, therefore the eggs, CBH, and biscuit were cold too. The hash was loaded with green papers and onions, and served on top of a pile of home fries. There was very little flavor to speak of. The meet was meaty, but sparse on seasonings. All of the flavor was cooked out of the veggies, which were soggy and tasteless. Another day, another location may be worth a try.. On the bright side, our server was terrific...prompt courteous, and good conversationalist. Came by to refill coffee, asked questions, and talked enough to seem interested, but not so much as to be a pest. Also, I might add the coffee was delicious! I Will try them again if ever in the area or near another location.
Large portions and good service Yes! Spongy waffle, semi warm food, no bathroom in the venue and lack of natural light (windows) NO!
The portions were very huge. The place was definitely overhyped. Very regular bland taste. If you want a huge filling breakfast, this is a place for you. It was pricey. For 4 people we spent $80 with tip. I definitely don't think the quality was there.
Hubby and I split the fried chicken and waffles.   The chicken was good, not great.  The waffle was hard.  The biscuit was crumbling and flavorless.  Yes, the portions were large, but who cares if the food isn't that terrific?
This place was ok I'm my opinion. We had to wait an hour to be seated then had to wait about another hour for our food to come out. I ordered the waffles and it was a good size, not sure i would split it since i don't think it was as much, however my hubs ordered something different and his plate was huge  it could easily feed to adults. Overall i recommend eating there at least once.
I read the reviews but I'm sorry I don't understand the four and five stars.  This place was crazy busy but we only had to wait 20 minutes or so.  Very nice young man as our server, gave us drinks and plenty of time to choose from the large menu.  We looked around at the size of the portions of some of the items and were totally intimidated.  The server told us many people share but since we like different items we opted to each get our own.. . I had a skillet that had stir fried veggies over scrambled eggs, potatoes and a bisquit that was huge and pretty good although mine didn't seem completely cooked in the middle, sort of doughy.  My husband had eggs, sausage, potatoes and again the bisquit.  My complaint, the eggs even though the server told us everything was cooked to order so things didn't come out at the same time, were rubbery and not piping hot and the potatoes were not good at all.  I want my potatoes to be crisp and don't want a bunch of seasonings that take away from the potato and add a lot of spice to them.  Mine were way over cooked so didn't eat most of them.. . We go to Vegas a lot and will probably go back at some point since we'd like to give it another try.  Based on the other reviews we wondered if we just got a bad meal for a one time thing.
Big portions but just ok food. Not worth the wait!!!
This place serves heart attack on a plate.  And hope you don't drink your water too quickly because service is nonexistent at this place.. . Surprisingly the food is good at this joint.  Upstairs in the Quad Hotel (do not ever stay here, horrible rooms), this place serves the famous fried chicken benedict.  I can't even believe how massive this plate is.  I asked for it without bacon since I can't eat pork.  The meal itself tastes amazing (for those rare indulgences I do with fried food).  The chicken was succulent, the scrambled eggs and cheese were hot and delicious, the mash potatoes were good, the biscuit was a little dry.  Love the chipotle cream, not too heavy, I asked for it on the side.  I like that they add tomatoes and some greens in there so you get a little bit of veggies.  . . My sweetie had the corned beef hash.  I thought it was too greasy and the corned beef was too chewy.  It comes in a large griddle.  My God, we could have easily shared one dish.. . I'd say this is great for hangover breakfast spot.  I am disappointed our waitress never checked on us ONCE the entire visit.  . . Food 4 stars. Service 2 stars. . I think my waistline and arteries are protesting after this Vegas trip.
This place was not bad. The lower rating is mostly due to the wait and location. We went on a Sunday around 1. First of all finding the place is a bit odd. Then once you get there there was about 50+ people waiting in the waiting area. Our wait to get seated was over an hour. Once we finally did sit down our order got taken quickly but we waited another good 30 minutes or more for food. And even saw parties seated after us get food first. I had the fried chicken Benedict and husband had the chicken and waffles. The food was good. Nothing extraordinary, nothing to wait in line for over an hour for but if I was able to get in fairly quickly I would go back. I think the hype is more for the portion size. HUGE! Definitely easily shared between 2-3 people. This place is open 24 hours so definitely could see this as a great after party choice or hungover breakfast spot. Since it was later in the day I didn't see either. The place is loud. Really loud. So if you're looking for a relaxed place to grab some breakfast go elsewhere.
After reading all of the wonderful reviews for Hash House a Go Go, this was first on our list for Las Vegas. We were staying at the MGM Grand, and it looked like this was about a mile down the strip so we chose to walk. . . The weather was grand, and the walk nice. We stopped along the way to do some shopping and eventually ended up at the restaurant. I had the Roasted Chicken, garlic, onions, asparagus and rosemary. The portions are large. Of the various ingredients, the asparagus was outstanding. The rest was fair.. . Service was excellent, although the server seemed a little contrived and over the top. But, she was nice. . . We tried it, they just opened one in Chicago, but I think that I was not impressed enough to go out of my way to try the one here. Sorry.
We put our names on the list and were quoted a wait time of about 45 minutes. We probably weren't seated till an hour and a half later.. . All the reviews aren't lying when they say the portions are MASSIVE. I had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken with bacon mashed potatoes and a fried egg. The chicken was a bit dry and the mashed potatoes were bland. I also ordered a side of fried potatoes and sausage gravy, which ended up being uneaten because there's already so much food for one entree. Definitely don't recommend the fried potatoes though. They don't have much flavor to them.. . My friends split the Chicken and Waffles and that was definitely a good idea. I really have no idea how one person can consume that much food in one sitting! The waffles were very soft and doughy, if you like that. I do so I really enjoyed them!. . Everyone at our table seemed to enjoy their food. Not sure if I would come back though because there's just so many places in Vegas to try!
Summary review: This place is worth a visit if you are hung over, really hungry, and looking for a square meal (a huge one) in Vegas that tastes decent and doesn't cost a ton of money.. . ENORMOUS portions. Definitely recommend splitting with someone or being ready to pack about half of it and take it home. Definitely make sure you go hungry. There are reasonable prices given the quantity of food. I got the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict which was $15.95 and easily enough to feed two; this was one of the most expensive items on the breakfast menu. There were plenty of menu selections for the $9-15 range.. . The Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict is apparently their signature dish (with Man vs. Food notoriety). I was really impressed with the way it was assembled and presented. However, every bite ended up being a gigantic mess of hollandaise sauce (which they refer to as "chipotle cream"; did not taste anything like chipotles and tasted everything like standard hollandaise), potatoes, biscuit, and chicken. Had they made the dish slightly smaller and more manageable, it would have been a much higher-quality entree.. . In addition, call me a purist, but it is a travesty to call any dish without poached eggs a "Benedict". The thin tasteless layer of scrambled eggs on top seemed more like an afterthought to the dish rather than a main component. Why not call it a "fried chicken scramble" that happens to include hollandaise sauce?. . Other complaints: Drinks were really cool-looking but not very alcoholic. Wi-Fi didn't work and zero cell reception in the building.. . Overall, the place wasn't bad, but unremarkable. It works in Vegas, but that's about it.
Food = not very awesome, Drinks = very awesome! This was our first stop in Vegas, as I've wanted to try it on many trips and just kept putting it off. The place was dead, barely anyone in it. I got the sparkling white wine spritzer or whatever it was....it was AH MAZEBALLS. Really really good, I could drink that all day. It was light, sweet, and refreshing. The husband and I shared the chicken and waffles, and, honestly, they were just ok. They were large. The bacon in the waffle wasn't that good, a little chewy (I know, sacrilege, but true), and the chicken was a little dry.... the syrup was congealed....just not my fave food in the world. I would return for more wine spritzer...yum....but I'd pass on the food.
This place was packed with people when BF and I arrived around noon on a Friday. We waited about an hour to get seated. I ordered the corned beef, red onions, and Swiss cheese house hash ($13.95). BF ordered Andy's sage fried chicken and waffles ($16.95). BF originally wanted eggs Benedict, but saw that it was served over a biscuit and not an English muffin, so he opted for the chicken and waffles. After we placed our order, the waiter gave us a heads-up that it will take about 30 minutes for our food to come. We weren't particularly in a hurry, but we were hungry and a bit tired of waiting.. . My order came first and it consisted of crispy potatoes with corned beef and melted Swiss cheese, two eggs, a biscuit the size of my fist, and a slice of watermelon and orange.. . BF's order came and it consisted of two pieces of chicken, four bacon waffles, and fried leeks. Both the chicken and waffles were a bit dry, which was disappointing. . . Overall, the food was tasty (but not amazing), and the portions were pretty big. We (mainly BF) managed to finish everything except for the biscuit. At the end, BF and I said we could have shared the chicken and waffles and gotten a smaller dish instead of another full entree.. . We left feeling very full, but would probably not go back due to the wait and ok-taste/price of the food. This place accepts payment by Total Reward Credits which we did and so the tax was knocked off.
