Price:  200% of what you'd expect to pay.  We had 5 people and the bill was about $75.  Pretty stunning.. . Service:  Excellent, and the entire process makes you feel like the feeding cattle that you are.  The rope lines for ordering, and the self-service condiment bar are reminders that you can help yourself, although we will charge you more than retail price.  I'm not sure why Guy Fieri thought this was a good place to go, since families could never afford to eat at prices like this.. . Taste:  is very good, and the portions will keep you longing for more.. . I don't know why restaurants keep trying to mimic a Scottsdale-like theme and a Scottsdale-like price.  Please listen-- we don't need fancy places with sky-high prices that keep working-man families away.  We need low-priced, good food with college-kid-type prices.  Please let the Scottsdale-type prices die.
The food is decent. The style of the place is fantastic. The grounds are really cool. The bathrooms are A+++. The soda fountain area is extra nifty. At risk of sounding like a tight-wad, value certainly isn't on the menu, at Joe's Farm Grill.  Sure it's affordable, but say.. I feel like grabbing a tasty salad, i'd throw down a few extra bucks for a tip, and go to somewhere even more awesome, like Pita Jungle.  Finally, I'm not the biggest fan of "family friendly" establishments.... Joe's is always swarmed with 40,000,000 screaming, shrieking children... which I suppose is what one should expect when dining in the UltraBurbs..
A cute place with average food that is one of the few left to allow pets...and that's the reason you come here.  I'm not sure why so many rave about such average food, but it makes for a nice setting and a spring/summertime lunch.  Maybe if I had the cheesecake I'd be in a better mood ;)
Once upon a time pre-foodnetwork coverage I'm sure this place was good. But now the line is longer than the one waiting for Splash Mountain and at the end of this line there's  just mediocre food. At least at splash mountain you can scam your way through the front with renting out a wheelchair. I suspect they have  a tactic for this long line I waited for an hour and by the time I ordered I was super hungry my family and I  ordered the BBQ pulled pork ,farmer burger, onion rings, banana pudding milkshake. We practically inhaled the food not because it was exceptional but because we were hungry!!!!!  It's alright but for promoting  the "fresh ingredients" I couldn't taste the difference, well not enough to wait an hour and drive 20 min.My boyfriend said "the highlight of our trip was the freshly squeezed lemonade."I mostly enjoyed the setting it was quaint.. All in all  their food is alright nothing wow.
Went again yesterday for lunch.  It's the place that a lot of friends want to go so I just shut up and tag along.  Still think it's just okay but am upping it a star for the incredible management.. . After my previous review, I was contacted by the manager and he not only comped my meal but sent  a giftcard for a future visit.  How cool is that?  Now if I can only find something I like.  . . So, on this visit I tried the chicken breast sandwich with pesto.  It was good - very good.  The bun is soft and fresh, the breast is plump and juicy (wow, sounding a tad steamy there, so I'll take it down a notch) and the onion rings (which I tried for the first time after 20+ visits) did not disappoint.  We also got the baked potato fries.  Yummy.. . Thanks Anthony for your generosity.  I got the gift card after I got back from lunch so I'll be visiting again soon.  You rock!
Perhaps I went in with overly high expectations, but the overall experience didn't leave a lasting impression.. . Pros:  Outdoor seating was beautiful and very family friendly.  Restaurant was clean and the food was prepared in a reasonable amount of time.  Service was very friendly and the staff clean and well kept.  Portion sizes were adequate.. . Cons:  For the taste and quantity of the food, it's a bit over priced.  The BBQ Sampler was about $13, and the taste very average.  There wasn't anything particularly special about the food.  The meals wasn't  bad by any means, but it wasn't, "mmmm, let's come here again" good.. . In summary, it was a pleasant dining experience mostly because of the outdoor seating area, but the food was very average and over priced.  Take two or three dollars off the price of each meal, and it would be justified.
I wish I could split up catagories as their breakfast truly carries their rating with me.. . Breakfast- awesome.  I recommend the pancakes, with anything.  They are the best pancakes I have ever had in my entire life.  Seriously.  I'm not sure what they put in them but they always taste so good.  My second recommendation would be to get the breakfast tacos with sausage.  Also, so good.  My husband always get the huevos rancheros; he goes on about how delicious they are but I have yet to try them myself.  Go for breakfast but make sure you go early and don't go between 10:30-11 on a Sunday because you'll have a bit of a wait.  During the week is usually quiet and is a good time.. . Lunch/dinner- I haven't exactly had the best experience with anything that I've had.  It's not that what I had was made poorly or was disgusting it's just food you can get anywhere.  There are no dynamic flavors in anything; everything is just blah.  I feel bad writing this review because I want to love everything I get but I'm never fully satisfied with my choices.  In their defense, my husband and aunt rave about their chicken salad sandwich but, again, I have yet to try it.
I enjoy the food at Joe's Farmgrill but after my last experience I cannot get my family to go there with me, the problem was the flies, I know it's a farm but I do not like to feel like I'm camping when I eat my food (unlessI planned to be camping!)  I was sitting inside and the flies were dive bombing us so badly and after paying 10.00 for a burger (which is outrageously delicious) it's upsetting to feel like you have to eat quickly to avoid swallowing flies.  Again their food is always good and fresh, I love how we can see it being prepared fresh in front of you.  I love the sweet potato fries and the pineapple chutney that comes with it - I still plan to go back but hope the fly situation is better next time because I enjoy the food and the fresh taste.  They also make a fabulous grilled cheese great for kids as well as yummy shakes.
Last Sunday, second day in the Phoenix area.... . Blame Yelp for this review... I would have never found this attraction on my own!. . Joe's Farm Grill is housed in a Tomorrowland-like building construction with Glass and Steel framing that was pretty popular during the 50s when architects during that era deemed the use of a lot of Glass the wave of the future. A "get-it-yourself" fountain drink dispenser is located outside the building... which makes it available for the people sitting in the outside Patio and at the Picnic Tables... but it's kind of a hassle for diners inside, that do not prefer the "fresh air". As I walked into the establishment... I was very surprised to see another Disneyland-like feature seen only at amusement parks...  a snake-like waiting-line area. I had to pinch myself... Where was I? Disneyland or Gilbert, Arizona? . . The actual Dining area is divided into two spaces... the front area has a dual function of being an ordering area and a dining area; there is also a rear dining area more suited for larger groups such as families separated by a see-through wall. . . First impression after ordering and being handed a beeper to notify us when our order was ready... Dang, it's HUMID in here! At 10am on a Sunday, with the restaurant only 2/3rds full... the humidity was a little irritating... I would not like this place later in the day when occupancy reaches 100% and the temperature reached 110 degrees.. . FLIES, FLIES... and more Flies!!! This was my second observation... In the waiting time for the Buzzer to go off, I had performed the following entomological analysis... You have two kinds of this nuisance at Joe's Farm Grill... Before you get your food, you get buzzed around your dome by these real-small flies that are attracted by your body orifices. Then... after you get your meal, the small guys disappear and then you have to deal with larger flies that are attracted by your food. I don't know which ones were worse... the Big Flies going after your food, or the Teeny-Weeny ones trying to use you as a human incubator for their progeny. Yes, I had THAT much time while waiting for the Beeper to start Flashing! All this despite the Orkin fluorescent Bug-Killers! Take me out of this friggin' Healthy Outdoors!. . . SWAT! SWAT! SWAT! Now for the Food Review... . . PLASTIC PLATES??? . All entrees are served on Black Plastic plates - another AMUSEMENT PARK feature!!! When I picked up my meal for my friend and I, I thought to myself... "Joe's Farm Grill is actually receiving 4-Stars... for using Plastic Plates?!?!". Of course, the plastic must be recyclable or environmentally friendly. I don't know of any other restaurant on Yelp that can get away with this without getting penalized in the ratings.... . Pancakes & Fresh Fruit (**** 1/2 $6.49) Stack of Four, Fresh Fruit, Whipped Cream and Syrup. Smaller than average Pancakes, but the Pancakes were made just right with very good consistency; Fruit consisted of quite a bit of Blueberries, Raspberries, and Strawberries. VERY, Very good.. . Meat & Potato Scramble (** 1/2 $7.99) Skillet Potatoes, Bacon, Sausage, & Ham with four Cheeses. A less than memorable Scramble... maybe because it was SALTY!!! Healthful? NOPE! . . This Scramble could have been the Freshest Scramble ever... Would have never known that with the Saltiness masking everything.. . Iced Tea (*** $1.99) All you can drink in a smallish cup... if you get it yourself... OUTSIDE... in the 110 degree HEAT!. . . Afterwards, my friend and I walked outside, to get away from the architectural masterpiece I refer to as a humidifier, where the most impressive part of the restaurant location was... the humongous Trees! But, I have to wonder why anyone would Picnic underneath these trees, though... You have to wonder why all the limbs are supported by HUGE steel Stanchions, as large as the limbs they're supporting, embedded in the ground. And... hasn't anyone that pic-nicked under the trees read the warning signs for falling branches and the danger of climbing on said branches?. . Last observation... which is the most disconcerting... With the restaurant 2/3rds of capacity.... only two couples of "color"? Look around you when you arrive at Joe's... you can perform the math yourself. Unfortunately, I notice things like that.... . I also noticed quite a few reviews that mention the TV show, "Diners,  Drive-In's & Dives"... When has a TV show been the arbiter of what is a good restaurant? Frankly, I'd rather "find" my favorite dining establishments myself.. . . I really admire the idea of Self-Sufficiency and Sustainability in the Joe's Farm Grill which supposedly results in better Health for the patrons and Fresh Produce for the restaurant. Does this result in "good" food compared to "other" less-healthful, non-sustainable restaurants? Regrettably, No.
Joe's Real BBQ's skinnier more healthy little brother. I commend them for making their own fresh vegetables, but being on tv has made them a bit overrated.. . The linefor this place literally went out the door. By the time I got to order I had watched Guy Fieri eat their Ahi Tuna Sandwich 5 times, so i had to try it and I got to say i was pretty disappointed. The tuna was really bland and if it wasn't for the asian slaw on it I probably wouldn't have finished it. BBQ Chicken Pizza wasn't too bad and their Sweet Potato Fries and Onion Rings were pretty good.. . If I had tried their burgers or BBQ I probably would have given them an extra star.
We have been here a few times. It is inconsistent thus the three stars. I think sitting amongst the trees and out of the stucco is the finest feature of Joe's Farm Grill. It is fun to watch the children scampering about.. Oh yeah, the food. ... Sometimes dry, sometimes burned, sometimes delicious, always pricey.  Wouldn't recommend for out of town visitors. They are not as impressed with trees and quasi secluded suburbs.
The BF and I went here this morning for breakfast (but ended up getting lunch). We went to the coffee place next door before we went to order breakfast...oops....breakfast was over when we got back. Boo! So we got lunch. The BF got the crazy banana sundae sandwich cuz it was the most breakfast -y item they had. I had the pesto chicken sandwich with a side caesar salad. My sandwich was pretty decent, although the chicken had a burnt ish flavor. The cheese and pesto were good. The salad was pretty good, although the dressing was concentrated in one area of the salad, but nonetheless it was tasty. The BF's sandwich was strange. The strawberry and banana were cold and the other stuff was hot.... kind of weird. It came with fries that were nothing special....threw most of them away. The best part was the pretty farm, trees, and general surrounding of the place. That was quite enjoyable.
Came here for breakfast, but wish we came here for lunch since I'm more of a lunch person.. . Anyway.  The best dish was definitely the belgium waffles & strawberries!  I also tried the farm huevos which was scrambled eggs mixed with salsa and ham with a side of beans (not a big fan of beans).  It came with tortilla chips which I liked, but the eggs itself were simply okay.. . However, I did love the decor!  The place is literally on a farm.  We sat outside near the big tree (beautiful) and had a nice view while eating.. . Don't forget to use their restrooms. It's pretty cool (I know, weird to write a review about restrooms) because it looks like a spaceship inside.  You'll see a flatscreen tv with a puppet space movie playing, and barbie dolls in space capsules in the walls.  Yup.
The Farm Grill is pretty good.  There are still several things I haven't tried, so I reserve the right to change the rating.  :-). . For BBQ items, Joe's Real BBQ is much better.  But Farm Grill has some other items you can't get at the Real BBQ, and they're pretty good.  But nothing stands out to me as a signature Farm Grill dish so far.. . There's actually more seating outside than inside, so best to come when the weather is nice.  But you might get lucky.  Sometimes the place is packed, sometimes it isn't.. . Oh...and in the bathrooms you can watch some vintage TV shows...they are marionette shows from the 50s.. . They also give you $10 off your bill on your birthday.  :-)
Decided to try this place based on the food network raves.  Ordered various items, including BBQ pizza, BBQ pork plate, portabella mushroom sandwich.  Also did the Peanut butter bananna split just to say we tried it.  Nothing really jumped out as being above average.  Pork was average, sandwich average and pizza was as well.  The pb&bananna split was not good AT ALL.  It was mostly the thick texas toast, and very greasy.  (we got it to split for dessert)  The only thing that was really better than average was the fried zuchinni.  The breading was light and flavorful and they were not at all greasy.  . The parking was bad, but the atmosphere was kind of cute.  Different than any place I'd been before.  . All in all, if you don't live in that part of town, I wouldn't make a special trip.
I came here a couple of times and after this last time I finally decided to write a review. . . Atmosphere is definitely a good casual setting. Very spacious, love the bench seating, outdoor seating, etc. Also really enjoy the garden that you can take a stroll around. . . Now to the food. the first time I came I loved loved the garlic fries! However, this last time, I bought an actual side of it (not just the upgrade) and it was sitting in a pool of oil. That was a bit disturbing, but nevertheless, they were still good! (until you get to the bottom). . The fontina burger was great! Must try. The BBQ chicken was ok. The cheese and ingredients that it's made of is good and a good combo, but the crust was too burnt for my taste (and I like crispy). Ahi tuna sandwich was a disappointment. It looked decent, just based on looks, but wasn't as tasty and tender as it could have been. I felt like the wasabi mayo didn't have enough taste. The chicken pesto made up for the ahi tuna. . . I did also go there for the customer appreciation day, which was definitely a bonus in their book! The burger and regular fries were very good and for free, even better! . . My sister got the fried zucchini slices. She absolutely loved them. I thought they were decent. Their onion rings and zucchini are done well in terms of good crispyness on the outside and good on the inside too. . . Oh yes, I'm not sure if this is part of the actual restaurant, but the self service farmers market across from the building next door is awesome too!
A peanut butter sandwich on Texas toast with chocolate chips, fresh starwberries and supposedly pineapple grilled.  Sounds pretty amazing and it was good but I never found the pineapple and the peanut butter was was spread just way to thin.  It was still tasty but could have used more PB. . . The chicken finger looked very good and I guess they were.  The hot dog was nothing special but the ribs were finger lickin good.  The burger looked juicy and the date shake was full of pieces of dates but the end result was that it didn't taste much different than the vanilla shake.  . . My sons girlfrined knows I am a foodie and she tried to come up with some different choices for restaurants.(I am from Colorado) The idea that Guy Fiere was here from Food Channel was cool.  I give her credit for finding this palce.  Will I rush back upon my return to Arizona-most likely not unless the kids want to go and of course I will be with them.
Went after wanting to try this place for a long time. After going, I don't see what the fuss is about. . For growing and farming their own food, prices are extremely excessive. For 2 burgers, and 2 kids meals, it was $40.. I had the 4B burger (bbq sauce, bacon, bleu cheese). It was a good size burger, but fairly dry. Fries were average.. After this experience, I think I'll sick to their bbq joint.
So I intended to go for a skillet, but opted for the "breakfast burger" when I saw that there was a farm fresh fried egg on top of the burger patty.  The burger itself was delicious and juicy and the egg was lucious and cooked perfectly. I had some of my friend's veggie omelet, which was good as well.  But, seating is limited indoors and for this CA girl, the 98-degree heat in the shade was just too much for me to fully enjoy everything.  . . I'm also always on the look out for family-friendly spots.  While my toddler loved running around in the grassy areas, I was disappointed when I found that there wasn't a changing station in the bathrooms.  Really? You have weather durable high chairs, a kids menu, but no changing station?  Please differentiate yourself from a picnic at a public park and install some.
As an update, dark chocolate milk shake + french fries for the win!!!
This place was far from where my friend stayed (West Side), but it was worth a trek out.  The place is clean and the food is made fairly quickly even with the lunch crowd.  On a hot day, you can sit outside under the misters, but I'm from Cali, so this AZ heat it not for me, even under the misters.. . Food: Fontina burger with blue cheese was fresh.  The burger was juicy and full of flavor.  The blue cheese definitely enhanced it.  I like the different options for your sides.  The garlic fried were a big too greasy.  The beet salad is a nice refreshing touch.  The strawberry cheesecake from scratch that is not on the menu was just OK.  The fried okra was overly fried.  The BBQ pork sandwich looked tasty and my friend enjoyed it.  . . Bottom line: I enjoyed the food and it's worth a try.
First timer had breakfast. A little pricey but the food was very good and atmosphere was unique (in a good way).   We were there just before lunch started so it wasn't busy at all. The only disappointment was the young robotic staff. A genuine smile and "good morning" would go a long way to making this a special place.
Stick to breakfast or brunch for this place. Dinner ain't that great. Had veggie pizza....no flavor or zest to it...at least it was not greasy. Also sample the bbq pork...meh at best. I wish they should have used a better sauce. Though the fried zucchini and the ginger ale was good. Seriously sticking to breaky.
I wish the food was as good as the cute environment of the restaurant.
I think the food was good, just pricey but very large potions. Perhaps smaller portions, cheaper menu?
Very different building. Cool vibe. Food was good but pricey for what you get.
I live in the neighborhood next to JFG, so I've been here a handful of times. First, be prepared for a long line, any day of the week.  I've had the ahi tuna salad, but if u want an ahi tuna salad go to a sushi restaurant, I don't really recommend that from JFG.  I'm a big fan of the hot dogs, recommend them. Strange tho, that they dont serve a chili dog, or have any chili for that matter. But be warned - they always seem to send me immediately straight for a bathroom, if you know what I mean.... Or maybe it's just me. The BBQ pizza flatbread was a little on the bland side. The date shake was okay, the shakes in the middle of nowhere Dateland, AZ are better. The pumpkin pie shake, however, is delish - recommend highly.. . The food is decent, but pretty expensive for just "decent" food, and really long lines. At some point I'm sure I'll go back, since I live right next to it and people who visit always want to try it and see what it's all about because they saw it on Triple D. Rumor has it, that they have good breakfast, which I've never tried, and somewhat interested in.
It was good...but not great. On my first visit, I had a waffle that was not fully cooked all the way through. Thought I would give them a second try and had the bbq chicken pizza which was completely burnt on all the edges but the rest was really good. Hot dogs were the best food I have had there. The buns are amazing and the fries are really good. I will be back to try more items on the menu but only for lunch, no more breakfast!
Not a bad place for breakfast. Suppose eating outside with the smell of manure and those pesky flies add to the experience of having a meal at the farm.
Nice place to eat outside.  Needs more bathrooms and another kitchen.  1 hour wait not uncommon.  . . The food is good but some items came out cold.  The onion rings were bland.  And I thought the onions could have been thicker.  I would come back more often If the wait times were shorter.  (Serving beer wouldn't hurt either!). . The best part about this place is that kids can run around outside while adults talk and enjoy the evening.  Never at the top of my list for dinner especially if the weather is hot or if I am in a hurry.  . . Overall I say joes farm grill is adequate food priced fairly.  I doubt you will leave raving about your meal, but you may really enjoy the setting.
The food is great but the almost hour long wait, in line, is not worth it... It would be a 5 star review if it wasn't such an inconvenience of a wait.. the prices are a little high also but you get what you pay for.
I get the whole farm fresh "organic" thing. I guess I was expecting to be wowed by this place.. . I love the fact that you can sit outdoors because they have the misters going. After all, who wants to sit outside in 110 degrees?? You can also sit inside if you choose. . . It is a great place to bring your family. They have big benches you can all sit on.. . The breakfast was good. I enjoyed the pancakes. It was okay.
BBQ sauce was quite boring.. Had the Baby Back Ribs (full slab) thee meat was tender, but the BBQ Sauce was really boring No bang or No zest just mediocre sauce. I'll give them another try but ordering something else next time.
This is not what I was expecting from what I been hearing about this place. This is a fast food type p[lace that sells healthier stuff. The food was just okay, the place was a little dirty not bad. not much seating inside and the soda fountain was located outside. This is more of a trendy place more then a restaurant. If you go here don't expect much and you will be satisfied.
Overrated. This place is obviously unique scenery-wise. It is neat that they use local food that was grown around here. The burger is what I had. It was decent but didn't blow me away. I heard the chicken is good though. I would suggest not sitting outside unless you want flies all over you. (This could happen to be just this time of the year). The place is usually packed which may force you to sit outside.
Went there for the first time today. Cost $50 for three adults (we did upgrade our fries and all got burgers and drinks).  The garlic fries aregood, but greasy. Onion rings were good, but I like my onions thinner (too much onion on these ones, but some are into that). My brother LOVED the sweet potato fries! Burgers were awesome! I love the buns they are on. Awesome portions for everything! The green beans were OK, but don't have a lot of taste to them, I wouldn't get them again.  I love the atmosphere and would come back for another burger.
I can only give 3 stars due to the amount of flys and bugs that we constantly had to wave away from our food, and we even stayed inside. The food is more than 5 stars, and it does seem they are trying their best to combat the flys..... . Maybe their food is just that good that even the flys come from all over the valley to dine!
Had the tuna sandwich and it was just ok. I am comparing with Gotts in Napa and it is no comparison. The onion rings were good but I got them cold, but flavor and texture was good. Had the date shake which is seasonal and that was very tasty. Overall was a little disappointed. Maybe it was just a bad day.
Have been here 3 times and, honestly, I don't understand the fuss. Maybe because it was featured on diners, drive ins and dives? The food is good, but not smack your mama good. A fairly simple menus with family- friendly dining is what you'll get, nothing more, nothing less.
Came here after hearing some positive reviews, reading Yelp reviews, and viewing the Diners, Drive-Ins and Drives segment.  . . It is indeed a "Farm to Table" experience in Gilbert.  Very nice area, and a very neat, well kept farm.  At least you know where the majority of what you're about to eat came from.  This part of the Phoenix metro area was all agricultural at one point.  As the borders of the city expanded, farmland got bought out and became residential areas.  There are small areas still located within these cities that are farmed, and this is one of them.. . My wife and I had the special "Double Swiss Mushroom Dijon Farm Burger".  It's not on their regular menu and we thought we'd give it a try.. . It was a decent burger, but not the best I've ever had.  Needed a little salt.  Can't say it was bad.  We had the onion rings, which is in their specially herbed Panko bread crumbs.  It was fair, but not particularly flavorful.  The fresh lemonade was a very good, tart lemonade.  I had the date shake.  Good, thick shake, but I tasted mostly vanilla--didn't get a whole lot of date flavor.. . It was Sunday at noon, so it was a good crowd.  We only had to wait 30 minutes though.  I have to say a good farm to table experience, and I'm glad the food is very fresh.  Service was just table busing.  You order your food at a window, sit at your table, and pick up once your buzzer goes off.. . I was hoping for more in terms of flavor though.
Waiting in line for 1/2 an hr for cafeteria food is ridiculous . I have tried to like this place but honestly very over rated . They could really decrease the wait time by opening another window and getting customers seated would be a huge plus!!. Yes it's a different experience but not a good one!. I'm changing the 1 star rating to a 3 star only because we have been back here several times with people who insist and luckily we came on a tues at 8am so there are no lines! . Food still okay at best but a 1 star may be unfair and I think 2 may be reserved for worse places also.. I still will not be back at peak times to sit in long long lines
I had high expectations for JFG...they were mostly met. I took 1 star off for cost. In my mind my meal was 25% over priced. I had the famous (DDD) Ahi tuna sandwich with Onion rings ($2.50 upcharge). It was a big slab of tuna but was kinda flavorless, aside from tasting like it was cooked on the burger side of the grill. The onion rings were a bit greasy...they are deep fried after all but they were not K-Krunchtastic as Guy Fiery said.. It was sunday at Noon and the line was out the door.. They have indoor and outdoor seating which is nice this time of year but that leads me to the other star deduction. ...flies, pretty annoying. So for a touch over $20 for a sandwich & drink I won't be rushing back.
I guess I need to try breakfast. Lunch didn't make a lasting impression. It wasn't bad but the hype made my expectations higher. I will say I was impressed with free burgers on customer appreciation day. WOW !
I went here based on the reviews i saw. Which almost all of them were 4 stars. The atmosphere was cute...especially if you have children who like to run around. I found the food to be okay. Nothing special, and really overpriced for what you get.
Well that was interesting. I had heard so much about this place, my parents were in town, like to try new and local so here we go. . . It is a walk-up window order system. Got there around 6 and the line was clear out the door. It took a really long time to get to the front because they just had one window open. . . 53 minutes later and a free milkshake later we get our food. Something got screwed up with our order. Ughhhhh. Why me...?. . Finally we eat. The fontina burger was delicious. Beet salad yummy. Sweet potato fries were average. Garlic fries, deelish. . . Oh and there are kids running around everywhere. Screaming and crying. Everywhere. . . So overall, food good... atmosphere and wait, not so much.
