Let's see.  . . The rooms, hallways and casino are getting a little tired, but pleasant enough.  We liked that you get a $10. coupon for each morning they do not make your bed.  We liked the view from our 23rd floor room.  We liked the size of the room (440 sq. feet).  We liked the new-ish tv.  Best of all was the discounted price.. We didn't like that the rooms, casinos and other common areas are all so tired.  Take the monorail (right there in the hotel) to any of a number of other hotels and see the difference between this old place and a clean, modern casino.. You get what you pay for in Vegas (and then usually happen to leave it there).
I always stay off-strip in Vegas unless I can find an equally good deal at one of the South Strip hotels. So when my friends booked a room at The Hilton I wasn't concerned. We knew we would be using cabs or my car for everything anyway.. . The hotel was nice enough but I REALLY wish the parking garage was connected to the hotel because during the cold nights (or hot summer days), lugging everything from the garage, outside in the chilly wind (blistering sun) to the hotel just seemed like unnecessary torture. Not to mention that the garage is VERY far away from the lobby. . . Our reservation was lost somehow so they "upgraded" us to a view room. I'm not sure what view they think is good, but staring at the neighboring Hilton tower and a sliver of boring North Strip is not a view. The other side of the hotel, and our original side apparently, overlooked the mountains and the real Vegas. I would have preferred that.. . The room was spacious enough for 3 females and it was clean. Nothing special about the rooms really. If you are in Vegas to relax, you might enjoy the large shower/tub combination with included cushy bath mat but I personally don't take baths in hotels. It just grosses me out. The beds were comfortable enough and were great for the few hours we spent on them.. . For a cheap hotel, it is really a shame that there weren't any $5 blackjack tables. We didn't gamble at The Hilton and opted instead to travelto Tropicana, Excalibur and the Orleans to get our fill. Circus Circus and Stratosphere could provide you with $5 blackjack tables if you just want to walk. . . We ate at the buffet to use our two free buffet passes and I was actually pleasantly surprised. I couldn't eat a lot of the stuff since most of it appeared to be laced with gluten, but the salad bar was fresh, the fruit was fresh, plain rice and fish and even a carving station. Not bad for the regular price ($12.99 lunch) and even better free. On Sunday morning we ate at the Paradise Cafe but it was only okay and actually ended up being our most expensive meal of the weekend. (see other review of Paradise Cafe). . Then on our last day, a Sunday, I happened to be watching the boring Hilton Channel on the TV while willing myself out of bed and the best commercial came on advertising the Hilton Football Center. It is basically a football lover's dream theater. My friends and I had already planned to spend our last day watching football, but this was the icing on the cake. (See other review for details of the Football Center). . Overall, for the price it was a great stay. It isn't luxurious or conveniently located but with the special deal we received ($150 for 4 nights) it's hard to beat... and I'm used to the Motel 6 on Tropicana as my go-to cheap hotel. I wouldn't pay more than $50/night though. You can stay at a more conveniently located hotel Center/South Strip for that price. I WILL be back for the football viewing theater.
I've stayed here the past few times I went to LV because it's so affordable. It's amazing how different the rooms could look... I've stayed in motel-like rooms all the way up to the awesome suites that they have. Even though their suites are pretty spectacular, the rest of the hotel pretty much feels like a glorified motel. No wonder it's off the strip--it would be like all the other hotels' ugly older sister. Better to keep it off the strip so it doesn't have to be compared. Anyway, it's really not one of the hotels where you'd want to just hang out in. The restaurants are "meh" and the stores are full of tacky old-people clothes. But if you want the price and you're willing to take the monorail to and from the Strip, this place is just fine.
Good hotel for staying off the strip for a great price. My husband and I stayed here for $100 for two nights. Just pay $12 for an all day monorail pass. Totally worth it. It takes you to the strip. Parking is free. Anyway, the rooms are whatevers. The bed wasn't comfortable and the walls are paper thin. You can hear everything going on in the halls and all the tvs in the rooms.
Off-strip hotel and casino that from the outside is a throwback to what I was going to guess...1982? but just looked it up and this hotel opened on 1969!!  That is an old hotel. Ancient for Vegas.  In any event, yes the exterior is extremely dated and the interior is not as bad -- it has been refurbished in certain places.  Yes, it is not the most fabulous (or near fabulous) place you can stay in Vegas, but it served its purpose and is quite a bargain for your buck considering all the nice places in this town are not.  We got one of the older rooms at first which was really old, but then upgraded to a suite which was much nicer with a more comfortable bed and new bathroom and furniture (although it was a lot smaller). But we really did not spend much time here, we were mostly roaming around the strip and painting the town red, so no complaints here. Well, except for one - the $20 resort fee you have to pay to use the gym, pool, and spa.
Review for casino and showrooms only:  The Hilton is a classy, old school Las Vegas place.  There's something special when you walk in and see all that gaudy crystal and mirrors.  . . The Hilton recently shuffled the layout of their machines, and they moved my favorite Spin Poker machines from the front where I could watch the pretty ladies coming by to an area that's pushed together and without much people watching possibilities.  -1 star for that.  . . The Shimmer Showroom and the Hilton theatre are good venues.  The large theatre could really use a refurbishing.  The seats are years and years old and they look and feel their age.  There are some good shows at the two venues and parking is easy.
Good hotel, good service, clean, but showing it's age compared w/ the competition. I would stay there again. It's proxemity to lv convention center can't be beat.
Las Vegas Hilton, this one is located a little bit off the strip. One big factor that I love about this hotel is the fact that it is a stop for the monorail. I love that the monorail goes any part of the strip, 12 bucks for an 24 hour day pass, count me in! . . I admit the bed here is really comfortable, my girlfriend says its a really comfortable pillow, but I mean thats hard to judge because everyone has their different opinions on comfyness. Me on the other hand it was too soft for me. . . Ive been to this hotel twice, and each time I play here I lose! It's not faithful to me here. They do have a small deli at the corner of the casino near the sports/horse racing area, which is open 24 hours. They also have a buffet as well, which I haven't been to during my two visits. . . In other words, this place is a great place to stay at, its not that far from the strip, again it also has a monorail entrance point for the easy part to get back to your room if you are piss drunk. We had comped rooms, but I know it not being on the strip is a lot cheaper than what you would pay to stay on the strip.
A very dated hotel, similar to the Sahara.  However, the two things this spot has going for it is that the sports book is incredible.  The other positive is that they have their own monorail stop.
we decided to leave thursday night for vegas versus friday morning with friday LA traffic.  so we booked the las vegas hilton since we got a thursday night rate of $35!  . . it was okay.  we could see how it may have been the best place to stay at in its hayday about 25 years ago.  they need an update.  nevertheless, the hotel was clean enough and spacious.  . . apparently a lot of people stay here when they have a function at the las vegas convention center.  that is why they have an internet charge...figuring that people would just expense it on their business tab anyway. . . tried one cafe and didn't think it was good.  maybe the breakfast buffet is good?  we just wanted to eat something small and quick before checking into our other hotel.  free self parking.. . 3.5 stars
The Hilton, adjacent to the convention center, gave us some surprising issues upon check-in. Hubby is diamond with Hilton Honors and at 2:30pm, the front desk person tells us there was a 2-3 hour wait for a king non-smoking! what? FINALLY she digs around and finds one but of course its not set up for the honors perks - no big deal, but just a little strange that an honors customer is not accomodated correctly - they're the bread and butter of any outfit.. . The room is good - updated with a garden tub and very comfy bed. Reasonably comfortable easy chair with a pretty large flat screen. Everything is clean and a nice view of the Wynn, Riviera and mountains beyond. We had to have maintenance in to replace one of the side tables - a panel of inset glass was shattered. The maid I talked to said she tried to report it but couldn't get through (?).. . Cafe is OK - standard stuff. Haven't tried any other food here yet. Casino seems dated - low ceilings, dark - nothing special. Sports book seems to be the big draw.. . The pool "complex" is a total joke. Far too limited for a Vegas property of this size. The pool belongs at a Best Western. Only bother if you have to cool off. Not a happening scene at all LOL. . I will say all the service people here have been outstanding- polite and helpful.. . Overall a solid 3 stars.
Nice pool. Good location away from the busy strip but still close enough to see and be seen.
Oldddddddd. The decor is bleh, nothing compared to those on the strip. if you're on a budget, stay here. Or, if you're here for a convention, it's best to stay here because it's so convenient. Otherwise, I'd suggest splurging to get the best Vegas experience.
Not the nicest of hotels but then again it could be worse. My parents thoroughly enjoyed their room here. The room I stayed in wasn't bad. It was clean and well kept but not the least bit luxurious. The pool area was nice and spacious, but then again most are in Vegas. I've seen quite a few shows in the showroom here and have always liked the venue. If you join the players club you can get half off a show/concert ticket as well as a bogo on the buffet. It broke my heart when they closed the Star Trek Experience because I liked to throw a few back and stare at the weirdos in Quarks bar. I am happy, however that they still have the bronze Elvis statue in the front of the hotel in the courtyard. The King used to play at this hotel when it was known as the International hence the reason for the gift shop with a ton of Elvis stuff.. . The casino is nice enough, with the crystal covered ceilings. They have a a Benihauna village that my kids like to go to see the pond with fish in it. They also like the restaurant. The location is prime if you want to visit the adjacent convention center.
Great deal.. . We stayed Memorial Day weekend for 3 days for $139 which included 2 buffet passes, spa passes, and voucher for 2 free cocktails.. Buffet isn't awesome, but you sure won't wait as long as you will at any of the big casinos.. Our room shower was very slow to drain and after the second day I called and they promptly came and fixed it.. . If you don't absolutely need fresh towels and your bed made, use  the Go Green option and get a $10 voucher to use at any of the hotel's facilities. We used one at the buffet, and two at one time at the coffee shop on the day of checkout.
Booked 2 nights for $95.  Did the $20 sandwich at the front desk and asked for complimentary upgrades.  Lady at the front desk graciously took the money and said there were no upgrades.  Oh well!. . Had a jr suite over looking the city, can't complain.  A lack of free wifi was also a minus.  Opted out of room service and got a $10 off coupon for virtually any shop in the hotel, as part of their going green program.. . Saw a sign about a club with dj/music at the SpaceQuest Bar.  Went with gf around 12am...literally heard crickets.  Not a single soul.  No DJ, no music, no people.  Had low expectations but with the DJ not even bothering to show up.  El em ay oh.. . Bed was very comfy.  Had an assortment of cable tv shows to watch if bored.  Went up to a few levels to pool area.  Had complimentary spa/gym access so went in for a look.  Only one elliptical.  There was a nice indoor pool/jacuzzi and massage area.  Didn't stay to get molested.. . Checked out the women's area.  It was off limits but I stayed long enough to know it was the exact same layout.. . There's a gift shop, chapel, jewelry shop, and pizza hut from what I can remember.. . Also, to get into the garage parking, just head on over to the north tower, go to the valet (don't worry not a single valet around so I wouldn't worry about harassment) and make a left turn and you're at the self park garage.. . This deal was pretty good, but I think I'll stay somewhere on the strip next time.
Yes, it's old and rundown. It's a standard Hilton, so all the extras cost extra. It's also off the Strip (but on the Monorail), but the Las Vegas Hilton does have some things going for it.. . First of all, if you need to go the the convention center, the location is great. It's just one Monorail stop. About five minutes door to door. That's valuable if you've got an early conference, and you were out too late the night before,. . And the proximity of the Monorail is hard to beat. Right out front, and you're anywhere on the Strip that you want to be. Get a multiday pass, and you'll save time and money on cabs.. . It's old, but clean. And the staff is good.. . You get Hilton Honors points, perhaps the best hotel loyalty program out there.. . And I love the sports book. I've watched a few games there. They have a large number of friendly chairs, and the crowd is friendlier than many other spots.. . Look, if you're spending more than $100/night, you're probably overpaying. I've stayed there for $60/night before. If you're cheap like me, it can be a good deal.
This is a late review but here goes. Fiance and I stayed here last October. We've both been to Vegas before but this was our 1st trip together. Everything about the place is sort of average to just slightly above. It was clean and had a decent size room but the casino is very under-whelming. We were out and about so much that it served the purpose of a decent place to catch a few hours of sleep between activities. Did not eat at any of the dining establishments as none caught our eye. The location off strip is a bit hindering but it is on the mono-rail which remedies that quite a bit. I will say if you are a sports junkie then definitely spend some time in their sportsbook. It was a pleasant surprise. Wouldn't stay there again but after hearing that Hilton is pulling out we do plan on going back for drinks and the sportsbook for the nostalgia factor.
All the other reviews are accurate. It's a standard Hilton, it's old and rundown but there are some pluses. The monorail is the number 1 plus because it is literally right out the door from the Hilton. A 3 day pass for the monorail is only $28 so it's a great deal. We had a free upgrade to a 1 bedroom suite and they didn't have anymore suites available so they just gave us two adjoining rooms! The staff is friendly and there is an option to 'go green', meaning you can deny room service on any given day of your stay and receive a $10 voucher for anywhere in the hotel, including restaurants and coffee shops. . . Here are the downsides of the Las Vegas Hilton. You save money on your room but you spend a lot of time on the monorail. If you are going to Vegas to see the strip and wander around drunk and gamble - the Hilton is not the place for you. Every time we wanted to go back to our hotel we had to find the nearest hotel on the strip with a monorail station and the hotels are so big that it is a long confusing walk to the monorail and it only runs until 3am. And everyone knows it gets expensive quick if you are taking taxis in Vegas.. . The restaurants are not good and the buffet is a ridiculous price for being in an old hotel off the strip with mediocre food.. . My biggest complaint was that the air conditioning in the Hilton is cranked up way higher than all the other hotels and I was freezing! We never even walked around the hotel because I was too cold and wanted to get outside as soon as possible.. . I would recommend the Hilton for people that have events and conferences at the convention center, families, and anyone that is going to Vegas for other reasons besides seeing the strip. If you are going for the strip - stay on the strip.
I've stayed at the Hilton for the Star Trek convention the past two years, and I have to say I'm going to miss it this year. My husband's been a medallion member both times we've stayed, so we had huge, beautiful rooms and received a free breakfast buffet daily last year. . . Year before last we had very noisy neighbors doing drugs in the room adjacent to us. In all honesty, security and management did NOT do a good job of taking care of the situation, but we did receive a comped night because of the issue. . . The restaurant choices at the Hilton aren't great, and the location's not either, being off the strip, but there's easy access to the monorail (which isn't cheap) to get you to the strip. . . I guess it's the familiarity I'm gong to miss, and the Time Machine slot machine, which is the best slot machine I've ever played. Rumors are that the Hilton wasn't a fan of us Trekkies, and I hope that's not the case. Nonetheless, we won't be back to the Hilton since it's so far from the strip.
Was there is weekend with visiting family.  The view was great from their room and the VIP area was great.
We really didn't have any problems. It's off the strip so you have to know that you're going to be a bit isolated. There is a monorail station right outside so for $5 each way you can easily get to the strip. They also have an all day pass for $12 or a three day pass for $28. My sister and I stayed here Wed-Friday and only paid $100. We played in the casino for a few hours here and there and had fun. We also took advantage of the pool and enjoyed cocktails from the bar there. The rooms were clean, updated, quiet and nice and cool (as in temperature). There weren't a lot of young people staying here, mostly families but it's not like you hang out in your hotel all day long when visiting Vegas. If you don't want to spend a ton of money on a hotel and you don't mind being a little off the strip then this place is just fine.
Honestly if my bff wasn't a Hilton Diamond member then staying here wouldn't be necessary. But she got a good deal, which included breakfast, so no complaints....or NOT??? There was no fan in the bathroom!!!!!! Who doesn't put a fan in the bathroom?? You're on 17th floor, your bathroom is enclosed, no windows, you're probably eating buffets, no one needs to smell each others stuff!!!!!!!! GET A FAN IN THE BATHROOM. . . Otherwise, everything else was fine. =)
Eh...I am very luke warm about this hotel. . . I used to stay here all the time because we used our miles. . . Nothing really special. A vanilla review for a vanilla hotel.
I stayed here for freezy since my gf was here for a conference. Rooms were better than I expected and the casino itself was maybe a little below average for Vegas. Nothing really that flashy, but most people staying here are here because it's usually cheaper than on-strip locations.. . My favorite part of this hotel, since I had to fend for myself during the day, was fantastically easy access to the Monorail. The Monorail starts at the Hilton (Sahara is closed) and continues by Harrah's, Bally's and ends at MGM Grand. You can walk pretty easily from those places to most of the strip. At the Hilton isn't far from the actual stop, unlike the Bally's stop which is far from the actual casino.. . If you can get a fantastic rate, this is a comfortable hotel that's less insane that those on the strip. if you're looking to gamble easily on strip, but want to be a bit away from the action, this is the hotel for you!
Ols school, but very clean for the Vegas area. They always have good fights to come watch.
Rooms are nice and you can get them for great prices. The cons are that it's a bit of a walk from the strip, though you can take a tram or monorail there. Also, I swear there is a perpetual smell (not a good one at that) around the hotel.The casino is a whole lot quieter than the ones on the strip if you like that and there is always plenty of parking.. . Overall, nice quiet area with a golf course. I wouldn't go here since I love the glitz and glamor of the strip, but I know plenty of you would like it (minus the smell and the long walk to the lobby and to the rooms from the entrance).
I am usually a Hilton Brand Fans. But I believe this hotel is really not up to Regular Hilton Standard. I am a Diamond Hilton Honor member. I booked a room with a Strip View but I didnt get one due to inavailability. It's okay considering it's new year's eve. Nevertheless, the room is quite old. The AC fan omitted huge fan noise. The only good thing about this hotel is that I got $25 free bet and champagne during eve.. Other than that, the view of the strip from the pool is mostly blocked by Wynn and Encore. Nice job guys building a new hotel and blocking the view of others :)
The rooms are old and the place is a bit out of the way. Their casino doesn't get very busy. The only really redeeming factors were the sports book and the 24 hour diner that served some pretty good food. Maybe with the new ownership things will improve.
Casino #2! This was my second Casino in two weeks in a different city! . . Good number of slot machines and tables, along a variety of restaurants to select from. However, not the greatest restaurants, but it does the job when you're hungry. . . Overall the former "Hilton" was pretty decent. However, if you're here for a convention in the Convention Center, it is fairly convenient, depending which hall you need to go to. The LVH is adjacent to the "North Hall" of the Convention Center. However, if you need to go to "Central or South Hall," it would be more ideal to stay in the Renaissance. . . They have a great selection of suite size as well. Beware, for big tradeshows, make sure to book 3-6 months ahead to reserve your ideal suite because they will book fast!!
We booked with prepaid Las Vegas cards from Cosco. So we saved there. We also chose this hotel because of its access to the monorail to get back on the strip. Our highlight was that we were able to upgrade to a suite upon checkin. This gives you a large master bedroom with a standing shower, jet tub and a mini bar. . We didn't see much going on here for nightlife, food or gambling. So if you want a place to sleep.. away from the ruckus..  this is good for that.
Okay yes we didn't check in till close to 1am, but what excuse was that when we went to our room we thought someone was still in there..I actually called my friend ( since they checked in for us and had our keys) and I asked them did you mess with our room.. . Turns out cleaning service never made it to our room. I called guest services and all I was offered was another room on a smoking floor - PASS but the maid service would be right up.. . Soooo 30 minutes into our room and our previous guest from Germany left behind some personal stuff, a lovely love note that we could only partially read and a bag he got from a convention and he took both the $4.00 water bottles, did I mention the bathroom had towels everywhere & a preview of what he ate before check out in the toilet.. . I called guest services again since I really had to use the restroom and we did not want to leave for the night without our room being serviced. I spoke with the guest services manager and someone was there within 2  minutes, I couldn't be mad at the staff since it was not her fault, he cleaned it up as quickly as possible and was very sweet, I still tipped her ( She did her job) she also supplied us with EXTRA towels and water bottles - that we where not charged for.. . In general the experience was good, the beds are comfy , it's still a decent hotel, no resort fees and we did late check out on Sunday, valet is quick & friendly.. . I would stay here again!
Comfortable
Never stayed here but looks like they have pretty good specials for locals. They are easy to get to, parking garage and a stop on the monorail. We usually go for the shows and Benihanna. Have reccomended to a few friends who sait it was okay. . . Have had zero success gambling here (but that is why they call it gambling) and have never received a cocktail. Hopefully that will change with the name.
I saw no reason to go back. Average room next to a noisy elevator on one side of my room and the sound of airplanes on the other side of my room. Wasn't too enticing.   Funny thing was there was two hair driers in my room and I am bald. Also this place has no beer on tap and watery beer in the bottle. And $13 for internet access in this day and age? Fegetaboutit.
This place was a Las Vegas icon back in the day but now it's a sad old casino/hotel that's even lost it's iconic "Hilton" brand name. The cocktail waitresses all seem to be the same ones that were slinging drinks when Elvis was around....so very old and cranky. They have cut way back on the comps they give out, even for their high rollers. Just stayed there for 3 nights with a group of friends in from NC. The sports book is still one of, if not the best, in town. The rooms are once again dated and the shower head succeeded in getting me wet from the chest down.....why would anyplace put in shower heads at the 5 foot level? Absurd. The buffet was surprisingly good as was the Italian restaurant (highly recommend the veal piccata). I have lived in Las Vegas for 11 years and until yesterday never rode the monorail. (we took it from LVH to The Flamingo then hoofed it over to Caesar's Palace) I give it a hearty thumbs up and if it doesn't go bankrupt and shut down I will ride it again.
It's a real bummer than LVH got dropped by the Hilton brand. Luckily we stayed at the LVH just 2 days before the Hilton Honors privileges disappears, so we were still able to get a room upgrade to a high floor in the North Tower (the nicer tower) of the hotel.. . The location of LVH was always a little disappointing, being just north and east enough of the strip to make walking anywhere on the strip impossible. LVH is the last stop on the Las Vegas monorail, but it's far enough that it's faster to just hop in a cab to get to the strip.  Although the hotel itself is still well-maintained on the inside, the lower prices of the LVH mean the crowd is dumpier than usual clientele of the expensive hotels on the strip. I say this because instead of seeing people in formal wear in the taxi line around dinner time, most people are in casual wear, often sporting fanny packs.. . Check-in and check-out took wayyy too long. The line is parked in turnstiles like you would see at airport security or an amusement park.  The buffet was also rather disappointing, but because our Hilton Honors status was still recognized, it was free, so the price was certainly right.. . All in all, a solid 3-star hotel like any other business travel stay. The room upgrade definitely made our stay worth the price, but I couldn't say the same after Hilton finishes packing up and moving out, leaving LVH to fend for itself.
I needed two rooms for Friday night with a short notice of two days, and was able to book one through bookit.com, with a great rate and was very pleased: rooms were spacious, clean, nice and classy. It's 3 minute drive away from the northern end of the strip and I think the value was great for the price.. . However, there were several frustrations which all relate to the customer service and not the great hotel room itself, so therefore no more than 3 stars: . . 1) when I went to check in, I accidentally stepped to a wrong spot (a priority check in line). There were no lines for usual or priority clients. So the lady who checked me in later, asked if I am a priority member. I said no, and she made me actually go around and enter from the lay people's side. . . 1) because of the communication errors between bookit.com and LVH (the LVH system showed one day earlier arrival), the check in process took nearly 30 minutes. . . 2) The lady checking me in was staring her screen with frozen eyes and not caring if she put me to a hold for eternity or not. In the middle of the process I asked how long it's gonna take because I had booked a dinner and did not want to be late. She replied, 10-15 minutes. Not an apology, nothing, even though I had already been waiting for 15 minutes.. . 3) The check out process was painful as check in, a lot of financial confusion. Even though I had prepaid through bookit.com, the LVH had put a charge on my credit card, more than three times a sum (and it did not free up until 4-5 days after the trip). Also in addition to that, the lady trying to check me out gave me two bills of 447 something per room, I don't even know so big numbers. I was like "WHAAT" and when I showed my papers that I had prepaid, then she gave me another paper to make these new bills void. So I was never charged that 2x447. However, a lot of adrenaline for that money paid. . . 4) I wanted to pay in cash for a bottle of water ($4), because I did not want to charge it on my card (I used my European credit card for the hotel room and every transaction costs an extra money) . So the lady checking me out told me not to worry about it - I thought it was nice gesture. Sure enough, 5 days later I still saw a charge on my card. I know it's not a million dollar bill, but it was still frustrating, especially as I had asked twice to make sure that I could pay for it in cash.. . 5) I also sent the hotel the feedback and nobody replied. So their customer service seems to be virtually non-existent. It seems that they are targeting large crowds and making their money on the masses of visitors, not from the quality.. . So the conclusion: rooms are great, but expect a lot of hassle with service.
Sixth time staying here ... first time since the name change. . I got a KILLER deal- 4 nights for $140 but the rooms have gone downhill fast. I really really hope they clean up this place and fully remodel it because it has SO much potential!! I still love staying here because it feels like home... BUT it needs a lot of work. Had a great time anyway. Perfect location, and nice staff. Come on, LVH... REMODEL REMODEL REMODEL !!!!!! You can be awesome again!!!!!
Friendly service, dated rooms but it's well worth it for the price paid.  The adjoining rooms are a big plus when traveling with kids
I booked a sweet deal on hotels.com and stayed here for 8 nights for around $430 bucks. Not too shabby.. . My room was on the east tower on the sixth floor. It was pretty close to the elevators which was a little loud, but my ear plugs blocked out the noise. The non-smoking room was nice and suprising large. I liked that the sink and toilet area were separate. The bathroom was a little outdated, but clean, always a plus. I didn't enjoy the bed though, you could feel every spring in your back. Plus the pillows looked fluffy, but as soon as you layed on them they fell flat like a piece of paper. I had a nice view of the strip, but for some reason the LVH never had their sign lit up? Maybe the light bill is too expensive! :). As far as the casino goes, pretty standard. The cigarette smoke was not over powering and gaming areas were clean. I enjoyed the sports book area the most. Nice, comfy seating and very attentive waitresses. The pool area was meh. The pool is not large at all, but was somewhat relaxing because it is not crowded at all. They also played a nice variety of music as well. The guy who walked around offering massages and sun tan lotion was CREEPY! I don't want those hands anywhere near me!. As many have already said, this spot is pretty far from the popping properties of the strip, but the monorail will get you there in minimal time. On weekends it also runs till 3AM. . Get the players card! They offer some sweet deals with it.. Overall I would stay here again. . My only complaint is that they advertise "no resort fee" yet they charge $13.99 a day PER device for Internet??!!! WTF!
Kind of tough to figure out how I want to score this place but I think I'll go with a 3 star. We came to Vegas back in April to see Madness at the House of Blues and the LVH seemed to offer the cheapest price for a place that was a reasonably rated casino/hotel on the strip. I was told it's pretty far north but didn't really think much of it though once there I realized exactly what that means. It is a bit out of the way for sure.. . Parking here is ample and we didn't have any problems whatsoever. Check-in was simple as I had already booked and paid for my room in advance from getaroom.com. The line moved quick and the clerk was friendly. . . Upon arriving in our room we were greeted with a crap-load of bass and music that I believe was coming from the pool area below. Seemed annoying but whatever. We then noticed how ridiculously loud the elevators were despite us being two rooms over from them. The room was clean and we had plenty of towels, soaps and all that jazz so no complaints.  We noticed bottles of water which I believe were in the $4-$8 which seemed ridiculous but hey, it's a hotel. The hotel has an option to opt out of room service which I did as I hate being bothered but I ran into a maid in the hall and asked for an extra soap --she was friendly and asked if we needed anything else but we were good.. . I had heard that we could take a monorail to elsewhere on the strip and that's another reason we booked this place. After reading up on the monorail it didn't seem like it was worth it so we decided to stick to driving ourselves or taking a cab. . . My gambling experience left plenty to be desired. I realize that in the end the house wins but I like to be strung along for a bit so I can pretend otherwise. It seemed like everything I played was just one continuous loss. It also didn't help that the drink-comping girls didn't come around as often as other casinos. I have a hard time buying drinks when I'm dropping money and should be getting some for free.. . There are some gift shops and a sundries place. We bought a monkey pillow for the kid at one and morning chocolate milk for me at the other. Neither place seemed to be ridiculously overpriced.. . Checkout was almost too easy. I was actually nervous about maybe getting some phantom charge or something but it never happened. I think we either checked out through some thing on the TV or through the phone but it was the most fast and painless check-out ever.. . Really, this place served as little more than a base for us and place to catch some zzz's.  With the ample free parking, the lack of a resort fee and decent rooms I'd say it's worth the 3 stars when compared to other places in LV. I would come back again.
Nothing exciting but not bad either, afterall we were there just to get some sleep, not to party so who cares.. . The room was clean and the price was good.. . It was showing its age but like I said we just wanted a clean place to shower and sleep, it fit the bill.
Got booked in the LVH by Hotwire at $60 a night, so for what it was, it's wasn't a bad deal.  Surprised by all the negative reviews.  I've stayed at better places, but the LVH isn't that bad either.  It definitely beats a Marriot.  Anyways, I'm at the Central Tower and the room is big.  Flat screen, furniture and bathroom was up to normal hotels standards.  Everything was clean also.  I'm good with Monorail.  I didn't mind it being off the strip.  The ride was quick and accessible.  It was pretty convent for me.  Just be wary that Monorail is going through repairs so service ends at midnight, except on Friday & Saturday night. (the entire process will be over after July.). . Only a few complaints and a words of warning.. . Wireless internet.  be CAREFUL when opening your browser and paying for wireless service.  Make sure you use LVH Cox. or the wired connection cord in the room.   I made the misfortune of just paying and assuming it was the internet service of the LVH.  Instead it was some bad provider from Vancouver with crappy signal. . I read one Yelp member  complain about the ATM charging $5.99 in the Casino.  Go OUTSIDE to the Monorail and use their ATM.  They only charge $3.00 per withdrawal.. . Other than those two factors, my stay at the LVH has been pleasant so far.
This is a monorail stop, and since they offer freeplay, we decided to spend some time in the casino.  It's very clean compared to others, and we had a very attentive waitress who brought us lots of drinks.  Great way to spend an hour or two.
I found a deal on hotels.com so we stayed here.. . We had an enjoyable stay. I was able to get an early check in so we can get situated. We stayed in the Central tower close to the elevator. I laugh because that thing in the middle (you'll see when you stay here) always gets me lost. hahaha. . Room - I always looked at a hotel room as a place where you just freshen up and rest. The room was clean. Bathroom was clean. Beds were comfortable. It was good in my book.. . The casino was wide open. I personally don't like places too crowded so this was cool. They have the updated slot machines and all the standard table games. Sportsbook is huge! Wish they had a poker room. Maybe next time.. . I remember they used to have the Star Trek Experience here. It's long gone now but they transformed that area to a futuristic type casino wing which is cool.. . They had a club, Oasis, in that new area. I like hip-hop music and they were playing some pretty good music. Need to check that out next time.. . You get for what you pay for so in my book, this was a great deal.
I stay at the LVH 3 times a year and just love my visit. Im treated like a VIP and enjoy the dinning at TJs Steak House the food is fabulous. I do wish they would add more slots because that what i love to play. I must say i did have one bad encounter last year on the new years eve stay with the bell desk, my new friend who was also staying at the then HILTON left her coat in my car so i returned the coat to the bell desk even though i was staying at the PALMS i had already check out of the HILTON and it was about 2 am i was vary tired so was not in any mood for poor service and yes this employee at the dest had a horrible attitude needless to say he drop the ball and my friend never had the coat deliverd to her room befor they checked out. this typ of service is just not acceptable. So the lesson is DO'NT LEAVE ANYTHING BEHIDE  you more than likely will not get back. And in all the years i have stayed at this hotel this was the worse thing that happend because of one employee who did'nt care enough to do a good job.
Lodged here plenty of times when it was a Hilton property as part of the Honors program - Good times = Great memories.. . Booked on a whim to spend a weekend with the fellas minus the old ladies 'cause we got a deal too good to pass up. . . Turns out it was subpar visit. Aside from the busted A/C to the crowded cloudy-watered swimming pool, the staff was nice and friendly so that earns the 1st Star. . . Buffet was above average for the cost & selection - 2nd Star. . I'm giving them a 3rd Star because if it wasn't so boring and dull here, we would probably have spent less time venturing out around town and finding the trouble we were looking for in the first place. . . Overall the LVH feels more accomodating as a family place, just not the type of atmoshphere I'd prefer to be around in the City of Sin.
It's tough to compare an off the strip Vegas hotel when you have some pretty amazing places on the strip.  But for the money, this place is actually in pretty decent condition.  The rooms were nice enough and the condition of the casino is much better than some of the older spots on the strip.  . . The pool is nothing fantastic, but again, it's not that bad.  And their cabanas are some of the cheaper ones around at $125-150 before 2pm and then they drop to half price.  They come with 20 non-alchoholic beverages in the fridge, a TV, and a safe so you can lock up your stuff and hit the pool.  It did take quite a while for a server to find our cabana, but other than that it was a good experience.  . . They don't have a ton in the way of food options, and you're off the strip in a not fantastic location, so you have to drive/cab/monorail your way to just about everywhere.  Since they have a monorail stop right there, it's sort of convenient, but at $12 a day, it can get pricey for larger groups.  . . I'd say stay here if you don't have a ton of money to spend and you don't want some run down discount hotel.  Others seem to have had worse experiences than I did, but I found it to be a good discount option for Vegas.
Great value off strip, especially for people that are familiar with Vegas. If you want that Vegas experience, spend more money and stay on the strip.. . Pros:. -Nice rooms with different room types at a really good price. Hotel is in good shape because it used to be a Hilton. -Around the corner from the strip saves you on traffic drama but still close enough to everything if you have a car. If no car, there is a monorail station. - North parking lot is conveniently located by elevators to rooms, just a short walk versus other hotels that make you walk through entire casino. -biggest sports book ever . -wide open casino so you don't feel claustrophobic . -buffet is better than expected . . Cons. -none. Again, if you want the Vegas experience, don't stay here . - actually, dining options are limited to some wanna be high end spots like a steak house and a Benihana and one or two other spots. Food court is very limited as well if you want some budget food options.. . Tip. - classic room is the entry level type of room and it has flat screen TV and that is the best part about it after the cheap cost. -if you want a better bed, bathroom and updated furnishings etc, you could spend about. $20 more for the next room type in the North Tower or more $ for various room options
Oh Las Vegas Hotel, you saved our butts from getting an expensive hotel on our unplanned trip! We found this hotel on Vegas.com. Rates weren't bad for two nights. My boyfriend and I got it for $130 for two nights. Seriously, that's not a bad price. That was already including tax. The lady even comped our room. =] Though the hotel was kind of whatever, there is a monorail right downstairs of the hotel. That was a plus! Who the hell wants to drive around Vegas without enjoying their drink on? Not I, nor my boyfriend! We want to enjoy our trip without worrying about who needs to drive and who needs to be sober enough. We were so happy that there was a monorail which takes us to the strip and also makes a few stop at selected casinos.. You will find out the prices for the monorail in my Las Vegas monorail review. . . Do not expect much from this casino. It's enough to just ktfo and one safe trip to the strip and back to the hotel.
We got this hotel as a deal off LivingSocial. The hotel price is fare but there are honestly better places to stay for the same price. . . The BADs:. . Farther from the strip than expected. A fair drive compared to having a room right on the strip and about a twenty minute walk to get anywhere near the good stuff!. . The rooms are mediocre. Good for the price but some things just said they tried to cut corners here and there. Nothing that actually matters for instance the hair dryers and the thermostat, but I have payed less for better. Even on the Strip.. . Service isn't very friendly at all and aren't accommodating in any way. Not the front desk, not the small stores in there, nothing. Not enough staff to care for everyone that stays there.. . The place is a little crowded. They have a lot of rooms that can fit a lot of people but everyone is funneled into the main area/elevators and you feel like your fighting off kids/people as if you were at a carnival that came to a town for the first time in 10 years. . . The GOODs:. . Valet Parking: I don't even know where their parking garage was so this was nice:]. . Nice view depending on your room.. . The monorail goes RIGHT by so your in luck if you don't want to worry about driving.. . They have nice restaurants as well as a Pizza Hut and some nicer small stores but the spa and pool area aren't much to be desired.. . NO RESORT FEE!!!!! That's definitely a bonus when looking for a stay around the Strip.. . . OVERALL: This is a great place to stay unless you are picky and come to expect certain things from a hotel. You can find more convenient places to stay and I would suggest The Tuscany Inn:] Two blocks away from the crazyness of the strip and a VERY low price for way better rooms than the LVH.
Cheap, clean, decent quality rooms and amenities.  Has a pool, although it's a bit small and often crowded.. . Farther from the strip than it looks.  It's definitely necessary to take a cab or the monorail depending on where you're going/coming from, unless you want a long, hot, uninteresting walk.  None of the restaurants looked particularly appetizing.
Rooms at LVH are inexpensive, additional amenities are very much the opposite (wireless is thirteen dollars a day, a single quart of Crystal Geyser is four), rooms are clean and pleasant, et cetera, you can read about that stuff in any of these reviews. . . More important than any of that is the sheer amount of nipple slippage going on outside. If you are lucky enough to have a room facing the pool, park yourself in front of a giant picture window 'round happy hour and check out the free boob show*. . . Three stars!. . *or maybe show a little restraint and don't act like a huge creep/me. Whatever floats your boat.
Cheap pricing, decent rooms.. Paradise Cafe has decent food.. Beds are comfortable, recommend Player Card for Gambling. . . . A little far from strip.
Booked this place on expedia for $27/night.  Great deal.  The decor of the rooms are a bit dated, but the rooms are clean and comfortable.  Not sure about the slots, but the tables downstairs wiped us out pretty quick.  That's never fun.  I would stay here again for a reasonable price ($69/night or less).  My only complaint is that the t.v. channels were limited and there are no kids' channels (Nick, Disney, etc.)  My kids were bored, climbing the walls in the room.  My hubby also whined that there were no pay channels.  That didn't bother me.  I don't go to Vegas to watch t.v.
Shannell, I think you mistook the word formerly for formally. While they look very similar, they have two different meanings. When they say they are formerly the Hilton, that means they are no longer the Hilton. They used to be, but they aren't anymore. If they said they were formally the Hilton, it wouldn't make much sense, but it would mean that it was still the Hilton. . . But everything I've seen when booking says it's FORMERLY the Hilton so that would lead me to believe you just read it wrong or misunderstood the word. Use this knowledge to gain more power.. . As for the hotel, no complaints. Nothing fancy other than Benihana but I had done that before so no big deal. Staff was nice, pool was ok but not like a Vegas ultra pool. Overall I'd stay here again but party elsewhere.
Not a Hilton experience.  No wonder why they changed their name.. . Pros: . Quick response from room service when requesting additional towels/luggage rack . Friendly security when asked for directions. Decent room pricing . Quality room service . Pulled friend out of check in line to VIP check in when the general line became too long. . Cons:. 30 minutes in line to check in. Loose door ring on bathroom door (they sent someone up but he did nothing). Loose faucet in bathroom. No coffee maker. Confusing self parking signs leads to outside and farther lot rather than structure. Lack of signs to ballrooms and other areas of the hotel, poor structure.. Paper thin toilet paper. . Conclusion: Expect no more than a 3 star experience.  Only stay if the price is right, not paying HIlton prices, because you're not getting the Hilton quality. . . Tip: monorail is connected to hotel and is $12/day or $28 for three days.  I recommend this service if staying three days and plan on visiting the strip. We used it several times to clubs and even just to get lunch at KGB Burgers.
I have some good things and some bad things to say about this hotel.. Granted when we came it was a Friday afternoon. We were a little leery about the valet line. It was long and there weren't any indicating signs where to go or if any attendant would come to you. So, we did as what everyone else was doing. We got out of the car, got our luggage, left the key in the ignition and walked into the casino. Everything was fine.. When we got into the casino we saw there was a long wait to be checked in. We got in line and it went pretty fast. When we got to the head of the line we were pulled into the V.I.P room where we checked in and upgraded our room. Everyone was very friendly and very helpful. Our room was nice and very clean.. The only thing we were truly disappointed about was #1. The pool. It was very dirty and some of the clientele was wishy -washy. My fiance and I were really looking forward to spending the day at the pool, but decided against it. #2. The clientele. For every 5 women there was a ratio of 3 prostitutes. Plus their pimps. Which we weren't too keen on. We found ourselves wishing we would have booked elsewhere, but we couldn't because we were there for a wedding. One of the good things about this place is they give you a very nice wedding. The chapel was very nice and the reception was fun! We enjoyed ourselves.. It is a big IF, if I ever do go to vegas I would probably steer clear of the LVH and find myself going to a more upscale hotel and casino.
The LVH hotel is a reasonably priced hotel, somewhat removed from the main strip of casinos.. Our room was nice, and the service was pretty friendly.. As with most Las Vegas hotels, the moderate cost of the room is countered by overpriced services and restaurants within the hotel. For instance, Wifi costs $14 per day.. The only real issue that we had with the hotel was that they misinformed us about the hours of their pool. Telling us that it was open from 8am-9am, when in fact it opened an hour later at 9am. Not a big deal, but it was annoying to get up early for one last dip before a late morning plane flight, show up in hour bathing suits and sunblock, only to be turned away with no explanation.. Over all, I would recommend staying here for the nice rooms at a moderate price.
Pros: The LVH is located on the monorail. This is our preferred method of travel when we visit, so that is good. Get the three day pass and use it often!. . The pool was large and the waitstaff at the pool bar were friendly. . . There are remnants from the Star Trek Experience on the first level, so if you are a nerd, that's cool. . . The Sunday brunch buffet was a decent value. $19.99 per person including champagne. . . The room was clean when we arrived, and all appliances/amenities worked well. . . It was a good deal overall. Its hard to complain when the room is so inexpensive. . . Cons: The Comedy After Dark Show was terrible. We weren't seated until after 10:45pm for the 10pm show, and the first two comics were "meh", and the host was loud and not funny. The headliner was much better, but I was exhausted by the time he came out. . . The check-in line was long when we arrived on a Friday morning at 11am. . . Wifi for $14 a day is ridiculous. . . The bar staff located directly outside of the Tempo Lounge (the bar with video poker machines built in) were rude and completely ignored me for 5 minutes before I walked away in search of a drink elsewhere. . . Housekeeping did not clean our room on the second day. We left around noon, and were gone until 8pm - they had plenty of time to drop off new shampoo & make the bed.
I stayed here in August of 2012 and was pleasantly surprised. . . I had read some terrible reviews and being the picky traveler that I am I was highly concerned. We arrived late at night to a very long check in line but it moved fairly quickly. They had no trouble locating our reservation and they were very pleasant in stating that they can't guarantee the number of beds, when I asked to confirm that our room was indeed a 2 bedded room. They did not have this in the room type we had reserved so she offered us an upgrade at no extra cost, she stated it was next to the elevator. It turns out it was across from the elevator, so I rather enjoyed that location. They were replacing the ice machine on our floor so I had to search for one and finally ended up locating one on the floor below us. It would have been helpful to have had a sign posted telling us where to go for ice while they were working. . . Although the LVH is not on the strip, it is just a couple blocks away and I fell in love with valet parking in Las Vegas. All the hotels we went to had complimentary valet. It is expected that you tip the gentleman doing all that work, but what is a few dollars for door to door service. Plus we never had to wait for our vehicle when picking it up, with the exception of the MGM Grand, they just seemed so expansive that they could not keep up with the amount of overheated guest. We did run into a few times where the LVH valet was full. I would have thought that they would have reserved some spaces for there own guest returning after a long day. That seemingly small detail would have probably bumped up my view another star. Especially since this happened more than once and self parking was a nightmare to navigate and secure a space. . . The pool was a bit over chlorinated for my liking but they provided more than a sufficient amount of lounge chairs. Also, we went during the happy hour so there was a DJ and 2 for 1 drinks. Bonus!. . Overall, the room was clean, the staff was mostly pleasant and above all it was affordable! You truly do get what you pay for and this historic hotel lived up to the 3 star rating I expected based on the price we were paying for it.
The ex-Hilton is pretty cool. Parking lot is very confusing, but once you figure it out, you'll never forget.. . I miss the Star Trek experience... that was fun.  It should come back.  But the place where it's at is a bumpin' night club in the evenings. This is also the entrance to the monorail, which is massively important in saving money and time.. . Rooms were clean, had no problems with it.  The line to check in early Friday afternoon was LONG.  I was surprised.. . The buffet is amazing!!!  Absolutely loved it.  They even serve beer and mimosas!. . We saw the stand up comedy show while there... it was ok. Not terrible, but not LMAO type laughing.. . The bad part... the place is poorly ventilated.  It smells moldy down in the casino area, along with your standard Vegas smoke smell.  The other hotels didn't smell like that.  I had major issues with my allergies, and that was even with taking allergy medicine.  As soon as I walked outside, I was fine.. . When I went home from Vegas... both me and hubs came down with colds... I can't help but wonder if it's from the ventilation?
The price was right, $50/nt on a weekend. We got the rooms through Priceline, I wasn't overly thrilled to be off the strip but whatever. . . We had rooms 941 and 942. The rooms were very big, we opted for the king beds. At check in they asked if we wanted a remodeled room for $20/nt...uh no, otherwise I would've stayed at a nicer hotel, nice try though. If you opt out of housekeeping they give you $5 off any restaurant or $10 in free play...we opted to make our own bed. . . This is one of the monorail stops so that worked out well, we walked from the hotel to the strip and meandered all the way to the MGM and just took the monorail back...easy peasy.  A cab to Fremont was only $12. . . Was the hotel all that, no but then again for rates cheaper than a Motel 6 we were extremely satisfied. . . Not too many late night food options, the Paradise Cafe closes at 1am and the fast food places are also shut down so get the munchies accordingly.
First, I  didn't have a room in this hotel., but I have been to the hotel casino 3 times.  The casino is nice and pretty big.  nice selection of video slots.  Great buffet and Benihana restaurant as well.  the pool area looks pretty cool, too.  Best parts... Not too crowded and on the city monorail that runs along the whole strip.. . Gave it 3 stars also, but this place is way better than the Riviera.  . . I would really give the LVH 3.5 stars.
*just passing through*. . The only reason I came by LVH is because it has a monorail station located conveniently near the front entrance, and I had to get to the strip from the adjacent hilton grand vacations hotel next door.. . The reason I am writing this review is to tell you how hilarious I thought it was that I unintentionally and without warning stepped into the most ghetto fabulous hip hop club trying to exit the monorail and the hotel. To get to the monorail, I had to walk through this deserted bar/lounge space, which 4 hours later had turned into a straight up club. The music was awesome - just my style - and there was space on the dance floor so I took my time leaving the premises. However, let me just say this club is definitely for the LOCALS. and young locals at that. I was definitely a cougar to these little boys. Some of the guys were definitely cute (local ladies you're lucky), but I don't do younger guys EVER - I am into older men all the way. The ladies were looking a bit jersey shore with a ton of whored up makeup and just super trashy/skanky outfits...but if that's your type of one night stand, go for it. . . Luckily, I finally figured out how to exit the club and walked into the practically empty casino. I liked having my selection of slots and it wasn't smoky. Oh, and the employees were all very nice. So I'd go back to gamble in peace cause I don't want to be bothered with crowds and obnoxious people. I'm not a people person so this can be my spot...lol.
Let's be clear... this is NOT a hilton anymore, and it shows.  you stay here because of the convenience to the convention center... not because it's a cool place.  service is pretty bad.  rooms are nothing special.  i gave them 3 stars because it isn't the worst place i've ever stayed.  bed was comfortable, room service was good, and i won at blackjack ;)  . . check-in takes forever. seriously. omg.. . hope you never have to call housekeeping.  the woman who answers rides a broom.  wow.  had to call 4 times, and she was completely grouchy every time. . . food choices could be better.  the food at the little dessert cafe/coffee place look really good... but they aren't.  old, stale, and tasteless.  i threw mine away.  coffee shop is ok (greasy). benihana is... well.. benihana.  . . i heard the place is in foreclosure.  let's hope whoever ends up with it next does something with it.  not holding my breath.
Was in town for a trade show and this was the host hotel.  For the price this hotel is great - $75.00 a night (at least that was the trade show rate) while other hotels were a couple hundred a night (depending on who's in town will determine your room rate). . . Big rooms, a few bars in the lobby - A-OK!  Also, if you sign up for the gambling card (don't know the name) they give you $10.00 credit - and if you select GO GREEN on your phone (meaning they don't clean your room) you get another $10.00 credit to gamble with - that's the rumor on the street anyway!  . . If your looking for fancy, this is not your place, it's also not a dump.  I heard they are in foreclosure so they may be going through some changes soon.
If you want a quieter place off the strip, this is for you. If you want a hotel near other things, pick somewhere else. This hotel mainly serves the convention center. The sportbar is great. Our first room was near the elevators and we could hear them going up and down and were able to switch rooms. Weird to us that there was no blanket on the bed and no alarm clock. Our AC was broken when we checked in, but that was fixed in an hour. It was fine for our one night stay, but I will try a different place in the future.
Overall, LVH is an OK hotel. Here is a list of the good bad:. . Good:. -Large, comfy rooms. -Easy monorail access. -Friendly staff. -Very close to LV Convention Center. -Nice flat-screen TV. . Bad:. -Older hotel, not wired for modern lifestyles. Very few outlets in each room, in awkward places.. -Wi-Fi costs $15/device/day. That's extremely high even for big city or European hotels.. -Very few dining options in the area. -Expensive to get to and from airport. -Smells like bad smoke and cigars constantly. -Horrible shower heads/water pressure. . Next time I attend a show in Las Vegas, I'll choose a different hotel.
We have stayed here 4 to 5x when it was the Hilton so we are back here after the name has changed and boy what a different,check in was a brezze on a sat.and the front staff were super friendly,our room was in the central tower on the18th floor over looking the strip was a plus,the room was large with adjoining doors on both sides,when traveling and staying in a a hotel I really only prefer one door in and out  of my room.The carpet dirty(my bad) it was filthy! we decided to stay because of the rate of the room and just walk around the room with socks on, the Ironing board was not padded,furniture was chip and scratch it needed to be up graded,water pressure was very low in the shower,we opt.to having our room clean and went green( we didn't make the bed or empty or trash's) we just wanted the free $10.00,what is the deal in the room crystal geyser water $4.00 a bottle,some advise 7-11 has the same water for less,even .99 store has the same water too for diffrent prices and size,2 for.99,4 for.99,24 $3.25.Basically a deal for a two night stay under $100.00 trying to save money,but saving money is not everyhing if you are not really comfortable.
No frills off the strip hotel. usually the cheapest with clean rooms, and still a great sports book. You could do worse
I was reluctant to book at LVH for the simple fact that I wanted to either be ON the strip or I was debating on staying in the Fremont area.  I ended up choosing LVH because the price was just too good to pass up and it looked very close to the strip, and it is!  I am glad I booked here but had a little higher expectation of the quality of room, after all this was previously a Hilton.  The touches in the room were basic, the TV had about 4 channels, the lamps wouldn't stay on because if you breathed wrong the plug would fall out of the outlet and thats when I noticed that the cleaning staff wasn't very thorough - there were dust bunnies under all the furniture.  . . At least there was water pressure and the beds were somewhat comfortable, I'd stay again if the prices were the same, it's only a hop, skip and a jump away from the strip and if you're feeling lazy the monorail stops right at the hotel!
It's no longer the Las Vegas Hilton but it's pretty much the same.  If you know what to look for you'll notice tons of things that used to be in the hotel and. As initial were just simply removed... I'm not sure if they plan on ever adding anything in its place.  Unfortunately, I believe this classic hotel may be the next to be imploded, if there are no plans of renovating it.
Stayed here during Christmas. We found a deal from some vacation website that included a rental car, so I can't comment on the price booking through the hotel.. . This place is nice and clean, and quiet. Our room was on the 19th floor, which was a little unnerving hearing the wind whip by that high up. The hotel is older, but everyone there was so nice--from the maid to the front desk to the omelette station guy and everyone in between.. . We stayed in a standard, non-smoking room that did not smell like smoke. The major complaint I have is that the shower head is way too low and would cause someone above average height to have to contort themselves in a dangerous way to perform the simple task of hair-washing, hoping they don't slip and get hurt. I might be speaking from experience.. . Carpets had stains on them. But even the standard room was spacious! I did a cartwheel just because I had the room. Bed was comfortable.. . Also didn't like the soap products. The air there is dry enough already, but the hand and body soap made it much worse. You're in the dessert--shouldn't you use moisturizing soap?. . Another plus to staying off the strip: you don't have to battle all that ridiculous traffic. Just zip down the back road and turn when you get to the Riviera.
The LVH needs a major update but it's close proximity to the convention center makes it key for CES.  Not having to deal with the shuttle bus a taxi lines to from the strip  balance out the  hotel's age. Restaurants and service have we been fine. Rooms are clean and quiet, just worn. . .  When they do update their fitness center needs a major update and expansion.
Stayed at this hotel because of the prices that they advertised online. I must say I was pleasantly surprised. I was looking to see a run down, super dirty hotel, with a mean staff but that was not the case. Yes, the hotel is older and could use a few more new touches but other than that it's pretty quiet. You do see the occasional prostitute walking around or not can't tell the difference any more. I had no issues with the cleanliness of the hotel and it's close to the strip, plus you can take the monorail if you don't feel like walking or paying the ridiculous prices for a taxi. They have a dance club at the hotel as well, not great but they do make a mean Long Island so if you just feel like hanging out and people watch it's a cool place to do it. The buffet was good not impressive but you do get your money's worth. It's not on the strip so you don't get charged the resort fee and you get to avoid all the drunk people from the strip. The staff was super nice; arrived at 3 in the morning and they allowed us to check into our rooms without an additional day charge! Great customer service on my visit; based on all the bad reviews it must depend on who you get and what mood they are in. All in all I would stay again if the price was right again.
I think the rating they have is appropriate.  It's a cheap room.  We stayed here on a Friday night for only $55.  It was a spur of the moment trip so a cheap room was all we needed.  I asked for a room close to the elevators and on a high floor and even a late check in.  I got what I asked for.  The first room we got had water leaking from either the toilet or the tub, not sure.  We called housekeeping and they transferred me to the front desk and they got us another room immediately.  The next room was fine.  The beds seemed smaller than queen beds, but it was good for one night.  I read other comments about hearing everything, but I didn't hear our neighbors.  That could be due to the fact that we didn't have neighbors or that we had gotten there so late that we were too tired to hear anything. . . The shower was decent and clean.  The room was clean.  The air conditioning was still a little stuffy, but it was OK.   I might stay here again if we did another quick trip.  But I prefer to stay in the middle of the strip.
Okay. I'm going to start off with a bit of a rant.  . . Why is it that when your friends come into town unannounced they assume that you always have the time to hang out with them and gamble.  This happened to me today and I did have some time to spend but not as much as they'd like.  Just because I live in Las Vegas it doesn't mean that I am at the casino everyday.  . . Okay, sorry, I am back now and here is my review of LVH.. . As I was saying before, a friend of mine just showed up and wanted me to come out and hit the town with him before he left this evening.  So, we met up at LVH.  It isn't too far out of my way.  Now, I have lived in Vegas for a while and I have yet to step foot in this Casino.  And, this is my impression:. . This must be the best place to stay if you are attending a convention as it is really close.. . The parking structure was easy and plentiful.  I walked in and then began my hike to find the casino itself.  Walking by many shops, mini food court, bars and a club.  I like how it was spread out.  But, the casino was much further away than I expected.  I'm not big on the table games so I decided to get a players card.. . The woman, who helped me out was great.  Not a big talker but was really efficient at her job.  She explained how to use the card and within 5 minutes I was off.  I liked that they gave me free money to start off with $15.  What a great deal for just signing up.  . . We played for a while and then I had to get back to work.  I'll be back, when I have more time to spend.
We stayed at this hotel last may for three nights. . My boyfriend and I went to Vegas as a small vacation after the exams, and our main concern was not to spend too much. . The price was very fair, we paid something in the neighborhood of 60 dollars per night. . The room was clean (trust me, I am a germophobic) over any expectations, given the cheap price. . THe down side would be that it is NOT on the strip, and although it might seem pretty close, it is not. it's like a 20 minute walk to the startosphere, and even then you are just on the crappy end of the strip. . But aside from that, it a pleasant experience. . We visited the pool. It was pretty clean and there were plenty of towels and chairs, however they didn't have umbrellas, which are necessary in the deserts. . I would go there again.
Slightly above average facility. Rude and uncaring front desk. Our room keys were locked out by the system, and the staff were not very helpful or polite. Seemed like we were interrupting their social time.   Won't be back unless we have to.
Booked on the hotels tonight app and it was pretty cheap, but it was st. Patricks weekend, march madness and a million conventions in town. We upgraded for only $20 which is what you pay in resort fees at other hotels. The rooms were nice and large, big jacuzzi bathtub in the bathroom. We only slept here and partied at the better hotels and clubs. If you only plan to sleep here its perfect, its on the north strip, off the beaten path, but wasnt that far away. $10 cab to pretty much everywhere.
I got this room for $45 bucks a night (weekend) and for the money, I'm very satisfied. Sure, it's old and doesn't attract a trendy crowd, but I booked the room knowing what I was getting into. However, this place is only a $10 cab ride from XS (for those going clubbing). They were absolutely fine with giving me 5 keys, too!
I always stay here during march madness weekend. They have the best sportsbook in town. During this time however, the sportsbook gets overwhelmed w/ gamblers putting bets on the games.  Expect to wait around 30-40 minutes before games. . . In regards to the hotel itself, it's off the strip and it's connected to a convention center, which means you get a lot of people attending conferences.  The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable.  In Vegas, you spend less time in your room.  If you count the hours, you'll spend less than 5 hrs per day.  so the room itself, it's cool.. . there are several restaurants available; from a high end steak restaurant to a pizza hut.  Like most hotels in vegas, they will nickle and dime you on internet fees, and in room refrigerators.
I stayed in this Hotel back in 2007 and is was lush, amazing and a magical place. . . Now it's a good room not far from the strip. Defiantly seen better days, To be fair we stayed just before it was sold from Hilton so I think they ran it into the ground. . . We had a free upgrade, and we were very happy, just no magical experiences. . . I guess i just wish they opened up the experience again. No idea they closed it when we stayed back in 2011.
Nice little casino, went here for raiding the rock vault
Location, location, location is the key in retail as in the hotel industry. Location is the main reason to come here for sure! It's right next to the humongous Las Vegas Convention centre and it's conference centre is often an "overflow" area for large conventions (such as the National Association of Broadcasters convention that I attend every year). For it's whole history except the first and past two years it's been known as the "Las Vegas Hilton" and most long time conventioneers still refer to it that way.. . I don't stay here (I think there are much better values in Las Vegas, especially during conventions) but I come here every year for various functions. There are numerous "hospitality suites" here during conventions and I came to one on the top floor in one of their "villas". Those are certainly modest compare to newer mega-resort on the strip but it is convenient. I also come here sometimes for the buffet which is nice and a (fairly) short walk from the back of the "central hall" of the LVCC entering here through the "sports books" area. The "sports book" parking is also convenient if you come to the buffet.
The hotel was OK. . The rooms were clean, but dated. The rooms with 2 beds have 2 double beds, not queens. It was a tight fit. . The restaurants all close about 8 PM and the "pool party" was about 10 people, all over 40, with 1 DJ that just played straight music, no mixing or "energy." . The casino is a bit dated, also. The service was awful. No one smiled, no one was helpful. Even when we had an issues, they weren't pleasant about resolving it, although they did make it right. . The price was right; however, even at $32/night, I would not go back to LVH.
Passing through Vegas, and I'm not a gambler.  I don't need an over-priced, smoky place to stay.  Enter LVH.  . . Room was cheap ($64 with tax), beds were comfortable, non-smoking tower was truly non-smoking.  Simply, it fit the bill.  No signs of mold, etc.  The only negative: carpet was not vacuumed thoroughly. . . Amenities are sparse in room: no coffee maker/coffee.  Water at $4 per bottle.  Simple solution: head to the 24 hr cafe and grab real coffee.   A plus: The room had a safe.
I came here expecting the worst. A friend of ours checked-in before we arrived to the city and told us how ghetto it was. Seeing the low Yelp ratings didn't help neither.. . This hotel is located on the north end of the strip. The older side of Vegas. Even the sign screamed old! They really need to update that. There is a large parking structure and plenty of outdoor parking, but I would recommend parking in the structure since it'll be a lot closer to the hotel entrance. . . Checking in was a nightmare. There were tons of people trying to snag a room without reservations, which held up the line. Our check-in, however, was fast and easy.. . Theguy helping us told us there was only a double room available with a queen bed. No big deal. King beds are a bit excessive if you ask me. What's better was he told us the room we were getting is much larger than regular rooms. I was so glad to hear that, but was still doubtful seeing the atmosphere.. . When we finally saw the room, I thought it was actually really nice! It was significantly larger than standard rooms. There was a little bar area when we walked in with a sink and fridge, a large living room area connected to the bedroom, and a good sized bathroom with a shower and jacuzzi tub. Not too shabby! We definitely lucked out on this one with the price we paid. . . Our friend's room on the other hand was horrible... It was ridiculously small and the bathroom was a sorry excuse for a bathroom. You'll definitely feel crammed if you have 4 people.. . I didn't even bother checking out the rest of the hotel, but it's nice that they have a monorail to take you to the strip directly from here. I found our room very comfortable. Plus, if you opt out of room service they give you $10 in hotel or gaming credit. Be sure to call before 1 am, though (or it doesn't count). They'll slip the credit under your room door the next morning.. . It's definitely a hit or miss here.
Nothing fancy but a good hotel for the money. "The Buffet" and a Pizza hut and a few stores on the first floor. Very spacious rooms. Huge parking garage. And the pool area is pretty cool, live dj and signature drinks, and even raffles.
I would have given it 3.5 if I could.. . If you're looking for a cheap hotel in Vegas that is enough for what it's supposed to be for - sleeping and showering, this is pretty good. The tub is big but I won't really take a bath in it. The beds are comfy. There is enough room to lay my stuff. The TV works. There are enough mirrors and enough outlets. The casino was small and I have no idea if they have a pool you can lounge at to nurse your hangover.
I have stayed at LVH twice previously with Hubby and had pretty good experiences, but last time we went, you can definitely feel the wear and tear. The tub was dripping all night, the elevators, hallway, and room looks worn and dated, and just gives an overall meh feel to the guests. Thanks LVH for the budget rooms for the past years, but I think I'll check into another hotel on the strip next time I'm in Vegas.
So so.  Smelly rooms.  Everything costs double such as a bottle of pop.   Other friends here had truly bad rooms.
I've never seen the rooms here. But his hotel is old, I have seen this place go through many changes. From the Star Trek bar to changing their name to the LVH. I don't go here often, I've eaten at their Benihana restaurant (expensive and bland), watched an MMA event (it was a strange event to say the least), saw Raiding the Rock Vault (which was awesome, I highly recommend it). . Parking garage isn't attached so you have to cross a road to get to the building but it's not a big deal. I've never gambled here so I can't comment on that either. Drinks are good at the bars, a tad cheaper than strip casinos but not by much. I will continue to go here for shows but doubt I will hang out before or after.
I had stayed here before year ago right after they changed it from the Hilton and I love it. On my recent stay there it wasn't the best. The casino is old but its well kept the first room I had was pretty bad it was old and the air condition didn't work, they gave me an upgraded room  which is a lot better the only problem was that was a party going on next door. My boyfriend and I were leaving for a few hours and were hoping that they would've been done by the time we got back and of course they weren't and this was at four in the morning. He went next door and ask them to keep it down and they did. Other than that I wouldn't mind staying there again. But keep in mind that they do charge a resort fee of 18$ and the coffee is 4$ in the room along with the water.
Checked in June 14th 2013 about 730, check in process was fast, smooth, and the girl who checked us in gave us 10 free drink coupons for the bar. I reserved 2 rooms, with 2 beds in each room, (we were there for a bachelor party) we got joining rooms, rooms were clean, comfortable beds, nice little sitting area. The bathroom was old, the shower sucks. But who cares, for 49 bucks a night. The sports book is awesome. The cafe is open all night, makes good food. Over all I was happy with LVH. Don't worry about strip location. The monorail is right in the hotel, drops you right at MGM. Ill be back to LvH. Don't listen to all the bad reviews. I liked the hotel.
Very clean, which is a BIG plus in my book.  The room has no wow factor, was a decent size and the bed was very comfy.  But well worth the $40.  They had two water bottles waiting to great you in the room at a cost of $5 each and the coffee is not free either it was $4.75.
1969. That is when the hotel was built and it shows it. It was orginally a Hilton. Maintenanceissues abound for this older hotel despite the management and staff slowly renovating the place one floor at a time. My bride and I had to deal with a rattling AC vent and a loud nocturnal thumping that took the staff four days to locate and repair. The staff tries to be hospitable but the equipment problems are tough to overcome. Want a challenge? Ask for a non smoking room. We made our reservation two months prior to arrival but at checkin the desk had to scratch around to find a non-smoking room. They were kind to upgrade the room for us but the person next to us was a smoker which resulted in  the smoke seeping under the adjoining door.
Affordable. Access to the monorail. Great conference accommodations. Room service was expensive (of course) but fairly quick. Not bad....
What everyone else said.... . Mediocre and/or rude service. Room uncleaned at check in. Casino small and dirty. Horribly slow cocktails. Pool looked fun even though we didn't make it in. We paid about 50/night and you get what you pay for....monorail was convenient...probably one of the few hotels where it makes sense to use it...will stay there again if we get a great deal but won't be excited about it.
I'm very no frills with my hotels...I'm here to sleep (as little as possible), shower, and get ready...as long as my room is clean and mold & bedbug free I'm good. After all I'm paying like $40 a night so I'm not expecting opulence. I always wear flip flops so the carpet wasn't an issue. Don't expect to find the beautiful people of Vegas here... Don't expect a poolside night time party (the pool closes at 8pm), don't expect free in room coffee cause the kcups are for sale...unless you bring your own (hint hint)...but do expect a decent older hotel for a cheap rate.
This place wasn't bad. Loved the fact that the monorail stop was at this hotel. The staff was always really nice. Our room wasn't too bad either the bed kind of made my back ache. The one thing that I wish was a little better was their Security because on our last night we gambled at this casino and there was a man that claimed he just got out of jail from 23 years and he started begging us for money so he could have a nights stay. When we told him no sorry we cant help you out he just stayed by us waited a good 5 minutes then left. How scary!! I mean where was the security?? The next morning as we checked out and was waited for our ride in the lounge area by the other slot machines, I notice that man that was begging us for money last night was still in the hotel begging people for money in the same clothes from last night I knew he wasn't gambling because i'd watch him ask the waitress for a drink and sat on a machine and pretended to play but didn't put any money in. That just shows that the security wasn't as tight as it should be.
I liked this place!  I got one of the 'older' renovated rooms.... Loved it, clean, comfortable and roomy.  The only thing I didn't care for was the parking situation, Long walk through hotel unless you want to wait for valet.  Food in cafe was good though overpriced.
This place was okay for the price. If you need a cheap descent spot to stay at in Vegas this pace is not bad. The bed was comfy the room was fine it was okay nothing spectacular. I got a deal off groupon so it wasn't bad. But I ended up getting appendicitis and not being able to stay at the hotel at all. Luckily groupon gave me my money back. It's a nice lil spot and not far from the strip. What is convenient was monorail that took you any where on the strip. But yea cheap okay hotel wasn't bad. You get what your paying for.
It's an OKAY hotel, I've been staying here since I was about 10 with my family they are practically VIP here everyone knows them, they used to be a lot better, the VIP lounge used to have soft drinks now they don't, the rooms used to be able to get like toothpaste and like hair brushes, shavers , shaving cream all that stuff and they stopped like they are trying to save money or something but its those little things that make you feel better about the hotel your staying in lol , the rooms, are not motel and are not fancy palazzo or anything the beds are comfortable, the shower is definitely motel, takes an hour to shower because water barely comes out, I believe this hotel has major potential to be better just a little touch ups here and there. All the restaurants are good no complaint there ;) other than that good hotel, not wow!
Myself and 3 of my friends stayed at LVH the weekend of the 13-15. Room was cheap considering it was the fight that Saturday and other various concerts. This hotel is located off the stop behind Wynn/Encore. I highly recommend buying the monorail pass while you stay here. The room was decent. We ran out of hot water for showers the 3rd person in, and the water pressure sucked. There was only 2 working outlets in the room. Very dim lighting in the room itself. Also, we had a non-smoking room, but the room next to us was smoking and we had the smoke all night in our room, which was very miserable. We complained and luckily they were kind enough to knock off a resort fee. I wouldn't stay here again, it was too far from the main strip and I wasn't too pleased with our room.
Getting a good deal was definitely a plus. The rooms are clean and beds are very comfortable. The casino is adequate some nice staff, some boring staff, and a few simply rude. The latter lost one of the stars in my review. A cool mix of patrons. I'll have to think about coming back. Being a cigar smoker, I find it weird that places that allow cigar smoking at tables have dealers that demonstrate displeasure when I light a stogy up. If that is the consensus, simply change the rule to no smoking and most of us cigar smokers will understand. But I don't like to be made uncomfortable about this. When I sit down at a table I would like to be able to relax. Cigar helps that, especially after you drop a 1000.
Just got back. The Players Club rate is hard to beat, the rooms are clean and beds comfortable. The premium room is worth the upgrade for the sake of the refrigerator, last couple of trips there's been rust in tub. There are coffee makers in room but they charge $3.75 each cup. Recently they began adding the resort fee, it's less than other hotels, but when you arrive late or don't use the facilities has me looking at other hotels, but the low rate gets me to go back. The buffet has improved on some dishes. The added proximity to the Tram that takes you to the strip is a big plus, get a multi day pass. I haven't been impressed with the pool when compared to higher end resorts.
PROS:. - Friendly staff!. - You receive a nice coupon voucher for the shops. I didn't end up using any of them, but I think a few would have been useful (i.e., Pizza Hut Express, $10 match play, and credit toward gift shops).. - It's very quiet in the halls. You can sleep like a baby.. - Complimentary wi-fi (just for one device, though). . - You can take the monorail from LVH to the Strip. Easy peasy.. - The Go Green program gives you an $8 credit per day to any LVH beverage/food place if you opt out of having your room cleaned (not counting arrival and departure dates). . . CONS: . - I requested a non-smoking room, and my room still smelled like smoke. I sneeze an awful lot when I'm around smoke, and I'm pretty sure my neighbors thought I was trying to sneezebox. (Haha? Play on beatbox? No? I tried.) . - No tooth brush available. Shouldn't this come standard?. - Water pressure in the shower is pretty weak. . - Thermostat is definitely a prop. No matter how high you push it up, the room stays so cold you'll wonder if you're in a Coors Light commercial.. - No mini fridge (I had the Classic room).. . VERDICT: I might stay here again when I'm next in town, but I'm definitely not loyal to theplace.
We usually stay here everytime we come. The price is right and rooms are clean. We never win here but the sport center is awesome. I recommend to see game here
Staying here for Sema. Hotel is average. No refrigerator, CRAPPY pressure in shower, felt like I was camping with my little water bag shower.  I can't wait to go home to take good shower. There is only shampoo, conditioner and lotion for toiletries. $170 a night. Bed is comfy room looks clean. All Restaurants suck, but not benihanas.
Valet great, Rose brought our bags up - she was great! Check in fast. Bartender was sweet, comped drinks. Room is comfortable, but just saw coffee cups and they want $3.50 if you open the cup. I think that's BS, where's the hospitality with that? Every hotel has free coffee! Seafood Udon Noodles were fabulous at Noodle Bar. It's okay for the value. Non smoking room still has faint smell of smoke but that's Vegas. Big bathtub..... Far from strip - headed to check out monorail next.
Wimpy showerhead. nothing like a weak showerhead to ruin your hotel stay. the room is good. nothing fancy. carpet is old. Can't complain about the $40 rate though. Beds are comfortable I must say and clean.
We arrived last night to LVH where we were greeted by the valet attendant. He flagged down a bell man to help us with our luggage. Then gave us directions to the front desk for check-in. . . The line to check-in was really long. It took us about 45 mins to check-in. The receptionist was professional. He answered all my questions. He made sure we got one of the updated room since they are still remodeling the Classic rooms. The only bad part was he guided us in the wrong direction to our room. . . House keeping was working on our floor. So the hallway was full of linens & room service carts. Which seemed odd since it was already 10:30pm. Then again it's a busy place, so maybe they are overwhelmed with work!!!. . Our room actually looks decent for the price. Compared to the old classic room, it's a big improvement. There are a few issues like the faucet keeps leaking. Some of the furniture is scratched up pretty bad. The bed is comfortable. Overall for the price it's a good deal. . . Some of the down sides. You have to pay for wifi per night per device. Since, I am paying the resort fees. I get one device connection. Additional devices is $13/night. The bottled water in the room is $4.00/bottle. The coffee is $3.25/cup. What ever happened to complimentary??? On the house??? We usually never have coffee in the room. Most of the times I carry waters & sodas, so it's rare that I drink the water in the rooms. Specially for that price here!!!. . With all that said, I would still stay here if I can get it for a cheap price. I paid $44.00/night through orbits the weekend before New Years!!!
I only come here for the Lees Liquor Experience. I love this event and have been the last 4 years. After we had the pleasure of using one of the 5000square foot siutes. It was nice. Have to saw decor is out dated but the place is nice!
My first hotel in Las Vegas! After a flight in from JFK, I travelled by car with close family from the airport to LVH.. . Check-in to the hotel was something I've never witnessed before! It was 8:30-9pm, and the wait was roughly an hour/hour-and-a-half! Pretty nuts, but for my first experience of a hotel in Las Vegas & looking at the casino in the hotel (the scale of hotels here is ridiculous, just huge!)- plus the time of year of my visit- it pretty much made sense. So although the wait to check-in was long, we didn't mind so much.. . Overall, service was great. Good clean rooms, good house-keeping & a great view from each room I visited. However, the room was non-smoking yet the corridor reaked of smoke which leaked into the room a little. In addition, the air conditioning in the room was so excessive, each night I woke up with an incredibly dry throat & mouth which was very uncomfortable.There was no manual control for it, which is why I've made this particular comment.. . In summary, as an overall hotel experience and my first in Vegas, it was a good one!
