We were huge fans of this buffet in prior years. W have only visited forbreakfast/brunch but felt, in the past, that the selection and quality was very good for the money. However, on this last visit, we felt the quality had declined.. . Pros: Crepes made to order, a good selection of cheeses, clean restaurant, parisian theme is fun, little red breakfast potatoes, panacakes, variety of options. . Cons: Croissant was stale, the long line (30-45 min wait on avg), belgian waffle was hard as a rock.
We always go here when we are in Vegas. It's not real French food, but its kinda close.
very good for a buffet in spite of the incredibly long line.  great desserts (creme brulee) and decent meats and veggies.
One of the best deals in Vegas is the 39.99 24 hour buffet within Harrah's properties.  When Paris is already like what...$30 by itself already, this is a no brainer.  If you're rolling cheap in LV like we were this trip, then definitely get this deal and head over here at least once.. . For the buffet itself, obviously, you get a lot of french inspired foods.  Good if you're a duck fan (confit and a l'orange) and seafood lover.  Also, you get some grilled whitefish and heated crab legs if you're diamond player.  Typically, nothing spectacular, just decent buffet grub.
Kudos to Le Village Buffet for being the only buffet I've been to that serves Sierra Mist.. . Very unexpected for a buffet I've bookmarked for a while now. By unexpected, I mean average. . Not a lot of variety of food. I had 3 plates of food and came back with almost the same stuff. Prime rib is great - when is prime rib ever not?. Do NOT get the "mashed potatoes". They're only semi-mashed..they're all mushed slices of potatoes. . . The sushi bar isn't so great. There were only about 3-4 kinds of sushi, which weren't so great. I loved the shrimp & cocktail bar, all the shrimps just lying there. Also, get the crab legs, they're fresh!. The BEST part about the buffet was the crepe section. There's a long line for it but well worth the wait. The crepes are good, and you get to choose as much fillings as you want. Really nice lady behind the counter. . . And by the way, what's with people not leaving tips? At least leave a dollar for God's sakes, seeing that there are waiters there who clean up your mess. My waiter was so nice, very energetic, despite that he seemed old, but had my plates off the table once I've finished, so huge props to him! . . I wouldn't say I got my $30 worth since I've had better, but it's not the worst I've had.
Waited almost 2 hours for this buffet.  At first, it was all breakfast food, but it was already lunch?  Well there was lunch still though.  Then the dinner menu should have come out and I waited and the breakfast items were still there?!  I did get my grub on.  There was prime rib which was cooked a bit too rare for my taste.  The other stuff was good.  The salmon especially.  A lot of things going on.  Dessert island was full of cookies and pies and whatnot.  The salad area was a bit depressing.  I guess the best part was the complimentary champagne.
This buffeet  was ok. Like the separate little rooms with quick wait staff. Went for breakfast/lunch. Lots of egg choices which was nice. Most items were just good, not great. Decent value for the price. Wynn is wayyyyyyyyy better.
Good for its price!! Had lots of great choices. But stay away from the Mediterranean section. The meat was too dry. Everything else was great! The prime rib was great and the German sausages. But my personal favorite part of the buffet was the dessert section!! Yummy!! They had everything from tiramisu to creme brulee!! I smuggled some cookies in my pocket.
Got the champagne brunch on Sunday before we left. Waited around 30 minutes in line. A little over $30 with tax. Tip - you leave on the table, even if you pay by credit card so bring extra cash with you.. . Food was OK. Kind of like a fancy college buffet. There were things like eggs benedict, french toast, carved steak, waffles, rosemary/garlic potatoes, bacon, etc. The bacon was my favorite - it was so good.. . Seafood is all watered down and tastes like they were all frozen and then thawed. There were crab legs, cocktail shrimp (with the shell on), smoked salmon.... . Fruits are OK. Kind of watery too. Cantaloupe, honeydew melon, grapes, pineapples were the fruits. . . Desserts were pretty good - the best were the lemon macarons. Creme Brulee was decent, the cakes were a little too sweet, and the flan kind of lacked taste. They ALWAYS ran out of chocolate-covered strawberries, so ask your server for them.. . Orange juice is watered down. Just mix with your champagne to make a mimosa.. . Service is decent - it's a buffet. Took a little while to get their attention to clean up our old plates, which I think should be a priority.
I've tried Wynn, Bellagio, and Paris buffets. I decided to come to Paris for lunch because I had a good experience my first time. Also, I did not want to spend more than $20 for lunch since I really cannot eat that much as my first meal. The food was okay for the price. If I wrote a review after my first time experience it would have been 4 stars, but this time the servers were really weird. The wait was 45minutes even though there were many empty tables. Please hire more servers, or do something to make things more efficient!
Not as much selection as my favorite buffets like the Rio and M Resort.  Really, the only thing that stands out to me is that they offer fresh made crepes.  And the line is always long here.  This place is included in that 24 hour unlimited buffet deal for $40.
The service was great but food was not that good as I expected. I was so disappointed with the selection of food they had.. kind of wasted my money and time..
I had higher expectations for this buffet.  I will say that it was just OK.  The crepes for breakfast were pretty good, and they did OK for dinner.  But it's not the best in Vegas.  Some dishes were hit or miss.
I thought the service was great... I went for the dinner buffet. The prime rib was delish and the creme brulee was amazing!! Aside from that I thought everything was pretty standard.
A decent buffet but I can't say I'm any kind of impressed.
Sunday brunch on Memorial Day weekend was a 2 hr wait, at least! How is that possible?! I had huge expectations for this popular Vegas buffet, but I was disappoined. . . The food wasn't bad, but I didn't sense the quality. I also expected much more variety. I felt there was too much of the typical, cheap, hot breakfast buffet food. They did have crab legs and carving stations and other meats and goodies, which was decent. I was super happy they had a crepe station, but the line was so long, by the time I got to the front, they ran out of the fruit I wanted! =(. . The bottomless bubbly with my buddies redeemed my afternoon :) Gold stars for our wonderful server! She kept 'em coming!!
Okay so for the first time my boyfriend and I did the 24 hour 7 buffet pass thing.  So we decided to try the champagne brunch at Paris' buffet this past Saturday morning.  First of all the line was INSANE!  We showed up at 11:30am... which okay I'll admit that is probably prime time for brunch but that line was not moving.  Luckily if you go to the Diamond club entrance they let you pay $10 per person to cut in front of the line.  Paying the $10 is well worth it.  However I do have a warning to give.  The staff in there is super RUDE! I don't know if everyone in there was having a bad day or if they were just trying to be in character, but they wouldn't make arrangements for us to sit with the rest of our party ( who paid separately) and the hostess practically left us behind making it hard to follow her.  Our drink server was nice but forgetful.  However, they did keep the bubbly coming and always made sure my glass was full :)  The food was pretty okay.  Some of the meats were dry but the pasta selection was pretty good.  The Crepe station was nice- I got nutella with bananas and strawberries- it pretty much rocked!  But the dessert selection was so so.  I was a bit disappointed with the dessert and on top of that nothing was labeled.  So if there wasn't anyone there to answer your questions about  which dessert was which, you had to pretty much guess what you were about to eat.
Hmmm...I'd really like to give this place a 2 1/2 primarily because of my disappointment, but I think in all fairness the food is just fine.. . 5 years ago, I loved this place. 2 years ago I liked this place. This month....ehhhhh it was ok.  There used to be dishes like beef bourguignon, and coq au vin which made this a unique experience. Lots and lots and lots of different grilled veggies too and great salads. This time around, significantly less veggies (yes I know a lot of people don't go to buffets for veggies), and neither of my favorite dishes. This time around the food seemed like the stuff you find at any other buffet...nothing unique, and the quality was just ok.  The duck was dry. . . People really seem to love the abundance of crab legs, and that may be my problem...I don't really eat crab. But the abundance is definitely there for those that are interested.. . There are still long lines, and still less than personable service (but nothing overtly rude...just ok).  The desserts have expanded a bit over the years, but they were just ok.  Wicked Spoon across the street had better (according to the partner who loves desserts, but also cares about the taste more than the presentation).   . . The price is a bit lower than say the Bellagio, so all in all probably not a bad deal. I'd go early though at the dinner hour, to avoid the ridiculously long line...you'll just have the semi-ridiculously long line. . . After being a fan of this buffet for many years though, will be branching out next time to try something new.
6th buffet in the Buffet of Buffets tour.  The lines are really long here.  Go for the line pass, if you can.  Go to the Diamond/Seven Stars entrance, which is a separate door, and ask about it.. . This was the one buffet with macaroons, which I was excited about.  I'd been searching for them all day.  But they weren't very good.  Mushy.  Yuck.. . A lot of things are mislabeled here.  Some are just funny.  Parmesan cheese was labeled as red onion.  But then mayo was labeled as tzatziki, which angered me. (Holly smash!) I dipped some pita in it and ate it before I realized it was not tzatziki.  I hate it when buffets mislabel things.. . They did have Mediterranean selections, which surprised me.  But you need to hunt for the good stuff.  They had a basket of pita that was stale and nasty.  But elsewhere in the station, they had nice hot fresh pita.. . There are restrooms in thebuffet but the ladies room is one stall and completely useless.  Just plan on using the restrooms outside as you come and go.. . Not really impressed with this buffet given the hype.
Works in a pinch.. If you are staying at the Paris casino, or find yourself with feet tired of walking up and down the strip all day, this buffet will get the job done.  However, if you have the time and energy, I recommend checking out one of the other buffets on the strip such as Wynn or Bellagio.. . We had the Buffet of Buffets pass, so we could go to 8 buffets in 24 hours that are all part of the Harrah's casino chain.  (No we didn't make it to all 8, but oh did we try!)  Le Village is the little brother of buffets on the strip, with more limited offerings and a smaller seating area.  . . The wait wasn't too bad, so if you hate lines you might have a better chance of getting in quick here.  Although I have generally found that the longer the line the better the buffet!  When we were seated and started our multiple rounds of plate filling and emptying I found that a lot of the stations were slow to re-stock.  It was about 8:00, and they close at 10:00, so I think they stopped replacing the food in order to reduce throw-away.  Makes sense, but still disappointing since I am not one of those people who come back from the the buffet counters with the leaning tower of food stuffs on my plate.  By the time I went to get some of the dishes, it was only to find that they had run out.. . Going off the assumption that Paris is a French place, and Le Village sounded distinctly French, I planned to go directly to the foods that were hard to pronounce expecting to be wowed by something more unique than the standard Prime Rib that all buffets have.  . . Ratatouille - Not bad for a vegetarian dish.  It had a little spice and heat to it which made it very flavorful.  Since my only prior experience with Ratatouille was the mouse movie I was pleasantly surprised.. . Crepes - Yes, everyone has crepes these days, but they are admittedly very good here!  The crepe chef wasn't French, but I will give them a pass on that one.. . Chateaubriant sauce - This French sounding sauce goes with the non-French sounding beef tri-tip and was absolutely amazing.  Viva le fusion!. . French Onion Soup - It is right there in the name everyone.  However I have had much better at local restaurants here in LA.  And since it is buffet style, it was missing the cheese covered topping on the bowl that I associate and love with this dish.. . Sauteed Mushrooms - A very simple dish and pretty universal, but they used some amazing marinade that really kicked it up a notch.  I made two trips for these guys before they ran out and never re-stocked them.. . Crab - A staple in all great buffets, was practically non-existent.  Don't go here if you are looking for great seafood in general.. . The rest of the food was either at or below par with other buffets, so nothing to really comment on.  To re-iterate my initial assessment, this place will work in a pinch, but if you have the time and energy, try one of the bigger buffets on the strip and eat up!
Eh. We came here for dinner. . . big mistake. Didn't really like the food. The only thing that allowed me to give 3 stars was because of all the desserts! That was delicious. The meats and entrees themselves were dry, and cold. . . granted we came around 5:30 for dinner. But still. . . you'd expect better buffets. . . I hear their breakfast and lunch buffets are better . . .
I wasn't that impressed with this buffet.  For a weekend brunch buffet that cost $27.99 without champagne (+$12 if you want champagne) I had expected so much more. The line is ridicuously long to get in and we were all starving by the time we were finally seated.  You would think I would've given this a 5 star since everything always tastes better when you're starving!  But everything I tried was just Ok, and there were only a couple of really tasty items.  My favorite was the prime rib.  My piece was perfectly pink and juicy.  They didn't have as much of a selection as I had hoped....a lot of their selections are your standard breakfast fare like eggs and bacon, waffles, toast, etc.  Lots of fillers, so I passed on all of them.  Things to note were the crepe and omelette stations which were both fantastic but those lines are always pretty long so I just tried a little of my friend's.  Dessert station was pretty good, but choices were nothing special.  We did spot some macarons which we loaded up onto our plate, but they use a type of raspberry jam as their macaron filling and it was just WAAAY too sweet.  We ended up opening up the macaron and scraping out the jam...for every single macaron.  And that was still their best dessert.  The creme brulee came in a close second, but they were always out! . . I took off a star for their meager selections and long lines, and another one for the lack of preparedness...if you're running a buffet, the first rule of thumb is to ALWAYS stay up to date with your buffet items! Never let the items run out!
To be honest not really the best Buffet i've had in Vegas but omg!! the best crepes I've had at a Buffet!  If you know of any better ones tell me! I'm open tosuggestions.... Other than that, nothing really is that great, and they don't offer than much stuff.  I like more variety of food and desserts to fill my stomach and make it hurt that not even pepto bismol will soothe my pain!! . I wouldn't go out of your way to try this place but if you do decide to go, please o' please try the crepes!
Although this buffet is good, compared to others on the strip it's not one of the best.  We came here more for those long eiffel tower cups that you can fill to the top with margarita to sort of kill two birds with one stone and fill our hungry stomachs as well.  . . This buffet is convenient in that its right in the heart of the strip and close to all the other casinos if you want to walk off your food and check out what else Vegas has to offer.   Wait was a good 45 minutes but I did like the crab legs with butter and lemon...mmmm.   There's also bottomless wine that comes with your meal so if we didnt already have drinks in hand and was buzzing, we'd take advantage of that as well.
I love going to Vegas for their buffets. I would rate the Paris Buffet in the B+ zone. It is good and worth the wait. However, if you are already going to spend this much on a buffet let alone eat this much, I would go the whole nine yards and go to the Wynn Buffet. . . What I especially like about this buffet is the the King crab legs. I've never had such good, easily cut crab and I am a huge fan of crab. This made it worth the price.
Weekend holiday prices doesn't generally mean weekend holiday food.  Why charge extra when the menu is generally the same!? . . Came here yesterday (Sat) around 1 pm - line was ~ 15 minutes.  Nothing really stood out.  Even so, Paris is still as others have said... a "safe bet".  It has all the standard breakfast items, sushi rolls, crab legs, shrimp, prime rib.  . . Dropping a star because prices have gone up but the quality of food has weakened a tad.  . . I would still go to this buffet if we didn't want to wait 45 minutes at Wynn or Bellagio.
Pro's - Good food.. . Con's - Long line for brunch..              Service was terrible.. . Been to this buffet roughly about 10 times.  Even though the wait is horrible and the service bad, the food is worth it for me to come back.
For buffets in Vegas, Le Village could use a little improvement, but offers enough for me to want to go back.. . The food itself wasn't too crazy.  Le Village doesn't really go the "international" route.  All the items have more of a European touch to it or some sort of preparation that seems more "French." Marinated artichoke hearts, French onion soup, caprese, and stuffed soles are few of the standout for me.  There's a carving station serving prime rib and roast beef.  The prime rib was pure awesomeness with the middle still pink and I went crazy on the delicious au jus.  it's probably the best item in the whole buffet.  There's grilled chicken and a apple grilled pork chop that may be a little dry.  There's also Bourguignonne sauce for your meat, which is a mushroom based sauce.. . Since I went for the brunch, a significant part of it was dedicated to breakfast items: eggs, bacon, sausages, pancakes, and French toast.  Fairly typical.  The tiny thick Belgian waffles though, are great.  I usually don't expect buffets to do waffles well, but it's fluffy on the inside and they have hot maple syrup ready.. . There's a crepe station, but... skip it, unless you want to get a sugar overload?  The fillings are the typical sweetened fruit fillings that is super sweet.  But right next to the crepe station though are these pecan sticky buns.  If you're a fan of sweet, sticky, nutty goodness, then that's for you!. . I barely touched the seafood section since we were seated near there and when I saw them refill the area, it made me to not want it since it's all out of boxes in plastic bags.  At least do a better job of presenting/preparing it :P. . Dessert selections could use a little help but I do like how they serve chocolate dipped ice cream cones for the soft serve machines.  There's macaroons but the filling is just jam, which is a little disappointing.. . The weekend brunch price for around $30 is the Champagne brunch, which is great if you like bubbly but price is horrible if you want just want a meal.  Take advantage of the unlimited champagne!. . The decor is pretty unique for a buffet since they try to make you feel like you are eating at the courtyard of a village.  However, it's dimly lit in some areas so it feels a little... old.. . Service... is a little inconsistent.  Our first waitress was slow and looked like she couldn't wait to get out of there.  We eventually flagged down another waitress and she was great, and helped us throughout the meal.. . All in all, Le Village isn't bad and $30 for unlimited champagne brunch is a fair price for Vegas buffets.  If they paid a little more attention to detail, then it would be a much more enjoyable meal.  Little things like soup could've been hotter, ice cream rather than soft serve, or even having a staff that actually cares about cleanliness.  Saw a cook refilling the soup and the water boiler overflowed after the pot was dropped it and she didn't bother wiping the station, even if it is only water.
I initially loved this place and I would come here at least once every time I was in town.  This last trip though, I realized that it wasn't really worth the $20 price tag unless you eat a ton of food.  I pretty much just had a crepe (banana with caramel) and an omelette (ham and cheese) and I was too full to eat anything else...they have a ton of variety though, so if you like trying a lot of food then this is the place for you.. . The creperie across the walkway (see other review) has better crepes and their huge, I decided that I'll probably just grab a crepe from there from now on for breakfast and save half the money...
We usually eat here every time we go to Vegas. I thought the quality has gone down since they were added to the 24 hr buffet listing. The dessert was the highlight of the meal. The crepes were HUGE. It was delicious. I was pretty stuffed so I couldn't finish it.
I came here for brunch and remember the pricing being fairly inexpensive compared to other buffets. However, I felt the food was mediocre and probably wouldn't come again. . . Expect a very long line.
Although I have always enjoyed their dinner buffets, I have not tried their lunch service.  Even though they do not server crab during this service..it's OK...service is very prompt and friendly.. . But really nothing special to mention.
I tried it for dinner and i am 50/50 on how good it really was because there were some spectacular things and there were some horrible things, so it's kinda hard for me to give it an amazing review. . . For $30 a person, I think you can get a better dinner elsewhere. The highlights for me was the salmon (perfectly seasoned), the tri-tip (juicy!!!), the seasoned vegetables, asparagus, pita bread (freshly baked out of the oven!), and the chicken. . . They had a crepe station and it was good, but not amazing. You can get a better crepe across the buffet at Le creperie! . . The really bad things were the prime rib and turkey. The slice of prime rib they gave me on my plate was so bloody it filled my plate with blood and got into all my other food servings...so I had to throw the plate out. It was pretty disgusting. That prime rib was way too rare! And the turkey was not cooked all the way! they took it out of the oven too early and was clearly evident when I took a bite of it. I told the chef that the turkey wasnt done, but he just said okay and continued to serve it to people. I wasn't the only one to complain about it, yet they continued to serve it. If they were receiving complaints, they should have removed it immediately. So i was not impressed by this at all. . . So even though I enjoyed some of their entrees, i wouldn't say its worth the $30! And the wait for this buffet was ridiculous so I thought it was gonna be way more amazing!
Came here for breakfast recently and stuffed my face.  Everything was delicious.  The prime rib was uber good!!  The crepe line can get super long... as does the omelet station.  . . Only setback for me was their crab legs are not cut in half like most buffets I frequent.  Maybe I've been spoiled by the easy access, but I really had to work for my food when cracking the crab leg shells.
All of the meats were amazing. Sausages tasted great, tri-tip packed with flavors, but most important....breads weren't hard (haha). . . I used our 24 hr buffet pass that we bought, so didn't have to pay for anything. I highly suggest getting that pass if you plan on eating alot, I for one don't eat alot, but was sucker in by my family. . . Frozen Custard, YUM!! I think I went to this station about 4 times. No food was cold, everything was hot and ready, all you need was yourself. . . Service was fair, but one I really really hated was that they took FOREVER to remove our dirty plates.
First buffet I had upon arriving in Sin City.  Keep in mind I am reviewing their breakfast buffet, which was pretty mediocre at best.  The selection was very scarce...I am a person who enjoys variety, and there was not much to choose from during breakfast.. . I got in line for the crepes with pretty high expectations, thinking that since this is a breakfast buffet in a Parisian themed hotel and casino, their crepes should be pretty awesome.  But no, I was only met with disappointment after waiting in line for 15 minutes.  I could not believe that a Parisian  themed buffet could not afford FRESH fruits for their crepes.  Are you kidding me?  They were using strawberries soaked in what was probably high fructose oh-so-bad-for-you syrup!  Even the bananas and blueberries were swimming in some kind of syrup.  I ended up only eating about three bites of the entire thing.  What a waste of my time.. . Some other things I ate:. . - Eggs Benedict: These were the only highlight of my entire breakfast.  They were pretty good, so I ate two.. - Prime Rib: I've had better. It was very bland and lacking flavor.. - Roasted Beer: I thought this tasted better than the prim rib.  It was nicely seasoned.. - Spinach and Cheese Quiche: BLEGH! It was so disgusting and hard when it should've had a nice and flaky crust!  I took one bite and had to force it down my throat.. . . I wish they had a better selection of desserts and sweet pastries, considering it IS a Parisian breakfast.  Maybe I should've gone here for dinner so that I could've tried the amazing Creme Brulee that everyone raves about.  I am a huge sucker for desserts and have a major sweet tooth.  (LOVEEE Creme Brulee!)  Oh, woe is me!
I didn't think it was awesome or anything.  The food was ok.  Nothing to rave about.  I did like the "village" atmosphere though.  $45 for 24 hour pass is not bad at all.
I gave the extra star ONLY because their crepes are amazing! mMmMMMMMm!!! Honestly the BEST crepe I have EVER had! And I am proud to say that a Filipino lady was making it! LOL Anyways, the brunch here is OK. Not amazing but average quality. Kind of annoying since a lot of the food was repetitive ex. bacon and eggs (same exact type) like at least if you are going to have it twice have one of turkey bacon or have the eggs with cheese and one without cheese. Eh thats my honest opinion but hey i'm not the boss :( HAHA. Anyhoots, the ambiance seems similar to that of the venetian hotel (clouds painted on the high ceilings) and little village looking themes presented within your surroundings. The waitress are wearing some funny looking outfits, kinda weird if you ask me but hey whatever tickles your pickle I guess? Overall an okay experience.
Decent buffet for the price especially if you do the BoB. The little quiches and the dessert crepe were outstanding.
This is a solid option for buffets on the strip. They do have some french  "inspired" dishes. pricing is reasonable and there is an option to add unlimited beer/champagne/wine. A good way to get drunk if you ware inclined to do so. Some of the items like the crepes were a crowd pleasers and thus long line on that station. Tipping the server in advance is a good idea as you get decent service this way. Dessert station is decent. A reasonable buffet option. I liked some of the grilled items. Also the Duck L'Orange was an item you usually won't see in a Buffet. The Champagne was sparkling wine I think below average.
Le Village buffet was always a fave dining spot, but the quality and variety isn't as good now as it used to be. Okay for buffet bit there are better options for your money.
We came here and there was a line, but the line was moving really fast. I was glad because I was starving. I thought this buffet was okay. Better than the one at Caesars, but nothing compared to the buffets in Rio! Food was fresh and I thought the selection was pretty good. On a side note, for some reason the outside of the buffet reminded me of Downtown/Main Street of Disney with the way things were set up.. . Food was edible, but nothing too spectacular.
I hate/love this place.. . The line is horribly long but the food is good buffet food. No, it's not a spectacular mind-blowing buffet that will give you a foodgasm. But,definitely one of the better buffets and worth checking out... especially if you get the buffet of buffets deal (SUPER SUPER RECOMMENDED even if you don't eat a lot!).
Le Village Buffet does a good job of filling a person's stomach up with plenty of food to do it with. None of the food here is actually spectacular but none of it is bad either and the variety sure doesn't disappoint. And when I'm talking variety I mean all the trappings you'd expect out of a good Vegas buffet experience: solid breakfast bar, meat station, salad bar, kabob bar, and so forth. I think the standouts for me included the creme brulee, the omelette station, smoked salmon, and some of the fish entrees.. . I guess my only real gripe with the place is the arrangement of the place...everything seems physically congested and when they wheel out the trash bins for clean up you might feel like it can get kind of close to the food. Still, the ambiance is nice...Disney-esque in a way since the buffet tries to mimic the feeling of eating in a French village. . . Service was good here and your standard drinks like sodas and juices (and refills) come with the regular price - I can't say with certainty whether you get champagne refills though. Le Village Buffet is definitely a decent buffet that doesn't rank among the very best buffets I've had, but its certainly one of the more well valued buffets I've been to.
went for lunch.. i give it 3.5 stars :)
their desserts were awesome but the rest of the food was just okay... very average. good ambience and friendly service  though. the line-up here was ridiculously long for some reason (like more than an hour)
Le Village is your typical Vegas casino buffet.  There's always a long line but once you're in the clear there's a variety of choices to consume and feast on!  . . What separates Le Village from other buffets is their crepes!  There is a crepe station with fruits, nuts, toppings and whip cream.  If only they had strawberry...
Must try. The creme brulee. Fantabulous. Very creamy and flavorful. . . I'm spoiled by some great buffets... And I'd have to say this place is better than the average buffet, but truly doesn't have any unforgettable moments. Yes, it has a crepe station. But it's only average at best. Options are very simple. Choose your fruit. Choose your sauce. Second time I went, they had run out/didn't put out the nutella. Boooooo.. . But it's great for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. Le Village doesn't go out of their way to impress you by something impressive or new-  you're sure to find familiar foods here. . . For sure, nothing bad. You'll get full. But not something I'd go out of my way for.
Le Village was my first top in the Buffet of Buffets. . . The major standouts at Le Village were the prime rib, the pesto pasta, the custard vanilla ice cream, and the flan. . . The prime rib was very tender, very juicy, and cooked seemingly just right. There was enough flavor within the meat and the au jus that no horse radish was needed. . . The pesto pasta was probably the best pesto I've had outside of my own kitchen. Granted, my exposure to pesto sauces is not too vast, but I'd say that Le Village did this one solid. There was solid flavor, they used a good amount of garlic and pine nuts, the pasta was a perfect texture.. . The flan was pretty delicious although I typically like my flan more dense than light. My guests concurred that the flan was of a good texture. The custard vanilla ice cream was very thick and dense and the added 'oomph' of the custard made for an extremely thick and smooth feel. Good anchor to the rest of the meal.. . And that's pretty much where the good stuff ended. Everything else was your seemingly generic Vegas buffet offerings. One thing to stay away from was the Mediterranean selection section. The lamb was jerky, all of the kabobs, hummus, and dolmas have been sitting out for wayyy too long and you could just tell to stay away. I gave it a shot and sadly regretted it.. . Our server was very strategic. Always gone when we needed her, always present when not. Granted, all we really needed was refills on our drinks and plates to be removed when done, but she just seemed to be a little inefficient in her service.. . Overall, Le Village may be the best, if not, the 2nd best offering in the Buffet of Buffets selections. Aside from the dishes that I praised above, nothing else really stood out.
If I learned anything from my brief love affair with Texas Hold 'Em it'd be the importance of value in gambling. The pot was raised when I heard about the 24-hour all-you-can-eat deal, and then raised some more with rave reviews from friends and Yelp. In our little quartet, me agreeing to do the buffet deal would make two frequent guests friends happy, and my boyfriend full of food, so the expectations were positive, so I went all-in.. . The result? The food was pretty good! And by my math, three meals came to ~$15 each, which is a steal for Vegas (you can't even get a drink at a club for that price). The veggies were fresh, the meat was surprisingly juicy, but the real star of the show was the crepe area. Oh boy, I threw in some poached pears and drizzled raspberry sauce on top - delightful. . . I don't know how to end my poker analogy because if you know anything about poker you can tell I don't quite understand "value" even though I know it's important. So, I'll end with something like, it's no Big Slick, but it's like getting dealt a pair of 9s. Yeah, it could be better, but still pretty good. Eh?
The only reason why I came here was because of Buffet of Buffets deal. I have to say this place is more about quantity over quality. The food and the service was below average. I felt like the waiter was mean and rude. He separated us apart even though we asked to be seated together. He gave us a hard time even when we were clearly nice toward him. The only good thing was their salad which I would not pay to go to a buffet just to have some salad.
I'm a little bit crazy, in that I generally don't eat at buffets...unless I'm in Las Vegas. Yeah, I know. Weird.. . ANYWAY, there always seemed to be a really long line for Le Village, so we avoided it in the past. However, I was recently in Vegas for a work event, and was gifted with Diamond status for the Harrah's "family" of hotels and casinos, so I was able to use my VIP status to bypass the line, go through the fancy area, and get seated right away. YAY!. . The ambiance of the Le Village buffet gets 4 stars. They really try to make you feel like you're in a little courtyard somewhere in France, which is cool with me. Especially when I was coming down from a stressful weekend and just wanted to relax, eat, and drink. I didn't feel like I was in Vegas, which totally worked for me. Our server was really nice, and had iced teas and mimosas (YAY, mimosas!!) on the table right away, and our mimosa glasses really didn't ever get empty. I'm a big fan of free unlimited mimosas, so I was a pretty happy girl from that standpoint.. . Now, the food. Honestly, from the ever-present line and a lot of the reviews, I was expecting to be wowed. And I really wasn't. I mean, the food was good, and this buffet is definitely better than some, but there wasn't anything terribly French. Or many things that I couldn't get at any other buffet, really. But there were some pretty good dishes that I did break my one plate rule for and went back for seconds: bacon and brie pasta, spicy mussels, garlic mushrooms, roasted tomatoes, lamb tips, shrimp (oh, shrimp. How I love you.), and the antipasti plate. The creme brulee for dessert was nice, but nothing to swoon over. The rest of the desserts didn't do it for me, which was probably good, after the second plate of the things I mentioned above!. . The price was comparable to other Vegas buffets, and for the quality of the food, a better deal than at some of the other hotels. All in all, was it good? Yep. Was it my favorite Las Vegas buffet? Nope. Would I be back again? Yes, but I wouldn't wait for ages in a line. It's a solid option, though, and like I said...the ambiance is worth it, especially if you want to feel like you're not in Vegas for awhile.
I've been here a few times over the years & this last time didn't feel as good.. . We first tried the made to order crepes, they were pretty good.  The hot foods were good, eggs benedict were good.  The best part was the creme brulee!  Yum!. . Weekend brunch includes champagne, that meant bottomless mimosas for me!  :). . The ambiance is very cute, feels like your in a small quaint french village. . . Overall, I'd come again for the variety, but it's pretty pricey for what you get.
great thing about this place: you can pay extra $ for fast line. worst thing about this place:  you still need to wait to get seated even you paid for fast line. . . if you are a dessert person, you should try this place.
Le Village Buffet used to be one of my most favorite buffets in Las Vegas; however, both the quality of the foods and the variety of food selections have gone down over the years, and now i have officially removed it from my must-go buffet list.. . My boyfriend and I went in for dinner buffet a few days ago on Sunday, 12/11/11.  The line was okay at around 7:00 PM and we waited just about 20 mins to be seated.  The only highlights of the buffet were the pistachio macarons that tasted sooooo good and also the crepes (both sweet and savory), while everything else was just A-OK.  The snow crab legs were so tiny teeny weeny and sucked!  All the soups (creamy chicken, french onion, and vegetable soup) were freaking salty!  Service was barely acceptable since our server seemed a bit too busy chatting with others..... . All in all, it's not worth 67 bucks for the two of us.  Will i go back next time?? nah. i dont think so. I have experienced better for about the same price mann.....
The food was good, but the desserts were great!
This buffet used to have some of the best food in town, but now they're charging more for less. That's not to say that you still can't get your money's worth. They have a made to order crepe station, which they sell outside the buffet for $10/each (which is still overprice). Other than that, they've cut back on fresh fruits and the carving station meat. It's nothing special anymore.
I was seriously disappointed at the lack of variety here considering how much they charge. I ate here for breakfast and while enjoyed the omlet station and the quality if the food was good, the variety was just lacking and seriously over priced.
Loved the atmosphere of faux Paris. The "city streets" surrounding the tables were lovely. We went for breakfast and stuck around for lunch. I'm not such a breakfast person, so I enjoyed the lunch table considerably more than breakfast. . . Some of the foods such as the creamed spinach and the hollandaise on the eggs benedict lacked seasoning and left something to be desired. This buffet didn't blow me away, but that's because I kept comparing to the Bellagio Buffet I had visited the previous day.. . Breakfast faves of my table:. Bagels and lox with all of the fixin's. Prime Rib Hash (the BEST...I keep thinking about this dish!). Braised Cherries. . Lunch faves:. Grilled lamb chops with chermoula sauce. Grilled asparagus. Spicy mussels with rice pilaf. Roasted tomato bisque
Meat was little well done but the dessert was gooood. The crepe was great too all favor was good.
I'd give it a 2.5 I suppose. The food was poor to average but the desserts and free champagne (during brunch only) saved the day. I was just hoping the crepe fillings would be fresh (the spinach was pre-cooked and looked awful) and the dishes on the steam tables would look like they hadn't been sitting out for 2 hours. Looking forward to trying out other better buffets tomorrow!
Line here moves relatively fast, they got something for everyone, and the trick is to come for the lunch price and stay for dinner :)
First stop on our 24-hour Buffet of Buffets tour. My friends and I arrived famished, only to find a long line winding around the restaurant. Luckily, we were in Vegas, where, at some price, anything can happen. For us, the $10 "Cut the Line" Express Pass was worth bringing us two hours closer to a never-ending spread of cute "French" delights.. Le Village was my favorite of the buffets we sampled whilewe were in Vegas. There was enough of a themed selection to play up the novelty of eating in a French village at dusk. Food was okay. The crepes were fantastic, if only because there aren't many places besides creperies and IHOP where you can sample 8 different types of sweet and savory--my favorite was the Monkey, which is a banana, chocolate and almond filling. Le Village also offers other regional French specialties, including haricots verts and bouilliabase. These were clearly a "made for the masses" offering.. Overall, a fun experience with okay food.
The BF and I went here for breakfast yesterday and it was just ok. The crepe station was good, the guys working back there were friendly, and the singe crepe was very good (Although it says it has nutella in it, but it most certainly does not....definitely just chocolate sauce, but still good). I also tried the chicken and asparagus crepe and it was alright, but it could be a bit more flavorful. The rest of the food was all pretty lackluster. The pastries were clearly packaged and the eggs were mediocre. I feel like most breakfast buffets are not very good or worth the money, luckily I got a check in special for 5$s off (note, you need to redeem at the total rewards counter in the casino), so I didn't feel totally ripped off. I would consider going back, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
Arrived around 11 AM on a Friday, and luckily the line wasn't too long. The wait was around 15-20 minutes before we were seated at a table and asked what we wanted to drink. . . There's the typical food that most buffets have - salad, cheeses, Mexican, dessert, prime ribs, lots and lots of bread, etc. But what caught my eye, and my friends' eyes, was the crepes station! There were eight different crepes to choose from, with the maximum of two at a time. Four were savory and four were sweet. I opted for the sweeter crepes, and ordered the berries one and the apples one. The line took about half an hour before I finally got my crepe. After the long line, I'd have to say that the crepes were okay, but not great. The skin was a little too thick for my liking. For my berries crepe, I thought the berries were too sour. I liked the apple one a lot, but there was too much caramel sauce drizzled on top for me to enjoy. I was also able to try La Caprese (the pesto one), the chicken one, the ham one, and the banana and nutella one. Basically everything offered that morning. The best would have to be the ham one. The mozzarella cheese and pesto - the mozzarella balls didn't melt so it was pretty blehh. There's a jar to tip the chef for their hard work, as there is only one pasty chef making the crepes at a time. . . As for the other food, I heard the prime rib was not too good here compared to Rio. The mushrooms were pretty tasty, but a little too much sauce. I didn't see any crab legs that the other reviewers commented upon, but I suppose there was a good variety. . . The best best part of the buffet was the creme brulee. Oh my goodness, it was so melt in your mouth sweet and delicious, and the top perfectly burnt. Must try! There wasn't any more fruit tarts when we went, but we asked one of the pastry chefs who had some hidden! He said he only gave them to the people who asked since there were so limited left. They were pretty good, too :) . . The atmosphere is really cool - live birds flying around your head and the whole place looking like a french cafe or village. You can sit "inside" or "outside" - very delightful. I do wish that there was more than one bathroom! A buffet with only one toilet? There was a super long line in the ladies room. We thought there was complimentary mimosa, but I guess that didn't come with the BoB's. . . Overall, not too bad. I did like it more than Rio, but then again, I didn't eat too much.
24 hour buffet run...It sounded like a good idea on paper....But after one meal, I vow to never eat again...lol. . The theme of this place is so adorable and cute.  We went for brunch so we could get a taste of lunch and breakfast.  I didn't think anything was really a standout, most buffet food tastes the same to me.  . . I stood in line at the crepe station for a long ass time...it wasn't really worth it to me, but it was still pretty good.  . . There was so many different eggs and breakfast meat/sausage type things, I always wonder why white folk come in hoards for breakfast...it always tastes the same to me...
You can't leave Vegas without stopping by at least one buffet! I like the dinner buffet much better, but the champagne brunch wasn't too bad. I ordered a mimosa and was happy they thought I was only 18. :P My favorites were the desserts. The crepes and creme brulee were awesome. Our waiter also gave us chocolate covered strawberries. :)
So we did the deal "Buffet of Buffets" for 44.95 for a rolling 24 hours which means you can eat at Harrah's property Buffets. Paris/Bally's, Rio, Imperial Palace, Harrahs, and Caesars when they reopen it in mid summer. So you will see a couple of reviews for Buffets here. . . The Paris/Bally's buffet (which is misleading because it says Bally's and Paris have their own separate buffets but they don't) is pretty decent. They have fresh cut meats, their Creme brulee is to die for, and they have a crepe station that you can order desert or dinner crepes. . . Service was pretty bad, getting drinks refilled was almost impossible. They also have an all you can drink wine/beer that you can tack on for 19.99 (Don't do it here...Harrah's does the same and it includes champagne for 10.00). . The quality of food here is about 4 star but the 3 star rating was for the service. Our drink waiter was not attentive and that was frustrating.
We came at 3:15 pm on a Sunday, which was interesting because they change their menu from brunch to dinner. (Coincidentally, they charged us the dinner rate at $30 instead of $18). Brunch, by the way, included all-you-can-drink champagne. Yay!. The food was good. In fact, it was above average for a buffet. But here's the thing - where is the French food? As far as I could tell, here is what they had that might qualify - French Onion Soup, Eggs Benedict, Crepes, and Creme Brulee. Yes, its true that (I've always been told), cooking French food takes time, care and a wee bit of TLC, but come on - there's got to be a few dishes that they could add to the menu. If space is an issue, try taking away the sushi area (which is the one areas of the buffet that is kind of sad, actually). Not all buffets need to be all things to all people, but should have a certain consistency.  Help us out Vegas - if all the buffets verge on being the same - why don't I just go to the least expensive one?. Anyways, I agree with the other yelpers - they definitely could have a better system for drinks. Nevertheless, our server was nice and attentive. No complaints there. . Overall, 3.5 stars. Not bad, not great. Just buffet.
The variety here is pretty small, you'll make your rounds in less than 5 minutes.  . . Their grill has steak, chicken, and sausages, roasted peppers and that's pretty much it.. . A lot of sausages.. . Quiche Lorraine, wasn't very good, but their crepes were tasty!. . Other meats were a bit dry and encrusted in salt.. . Just not a very good variety.. . Soups are generally not very good either, I don't like "Cream of Leek." . . Mashed potatoes with gravy and regular sauteed veggies are spot on! Delicious!. . Desserts are good and tasty, but I don't like how they're displayed out in the open and little kids touch them and cough/sneeze on them, gross.  . . It's also a bit dark in there, has a weird atmosphere, kind of cold and dim, it's just weird.  Someone's watching you.. . Heh, It's an okay buffet that's better than The Spice Market, but I prefer Rio's Carnival Buffet, where most food items are edible.. . Be cautious, happy eating!
One of the better buffets in the "Buffet of Buffets" 24 hour deal in Vegas. I don't MIND coming here but it's not the most amazing place ever.. . (+) A huge variety of foods and they were all quite yummy!. (+) Freshly made crepes mmmm... P:. (+) GET THE PRIME RIBBBB!. . (-)17% gratuity for 8+ people
The only thing that impresses with this buffet is the speediness of moving thru the line.  There are alot of food options however I am never impressed with the taste or the quality.  We eat here since it was part of the buffet pass for 24 hours.  I would prefer the food at the RIO buffet.
Located in the Paris Hotel, Le Village features a cute setting, like a French provincial village. It features some delicious French specialties like a very good cassoulet and a passable cioppino. There are several decent vegetable options too.  But the meats and seafood, including a carving station and grilled lamb are nearly all overcooked and barely edible.. . Aside from a decent crepe station, desserts, which in a French setting COULD be dramatic, are largely the same sorts you would find at any other buffet on the Strip. Bland mousses and even blander custards. . . If you are drinking alcohol, the unlimited drink option is a good deal. . . Service was fairly spotty on our visit with long waits between drink refills and even longer waits for utensils. Not a bad choice overall, but I am still waiting to find the outstanding buffet in Las Vegas.
I used to really like this buffet, and I still like the atmosphere here, but it's been going downhill.. . The last 2 years I went, the food wasn't quite as good as it used to be.  There are still items that were good.  The prime rib wasn't overcooked, which is great and rare for buffets.  The frozen vanilla custard was delicious.. . The made to order crepes are just okay.  They batter isn't that great, and resembles pancake batter.  I like my crepes a little crispier.  Also, I don't like how they put the nutella on the outside, and they put way too much chocolate sauce, so you can't even taste the nutella.. . This place specializes in French cuisine, so when you think French, you think amazing breads and cheeses, right?  The bread is always old tasting and lackluster.  It is so disappointing.. . As for the crabs-- they are typical fair, except they are cold and hard to open.I prefer warm crab claws.. . I prefer this place for breakfast over dinner and lunch.  The selection it pretty good for breakfast.  The Eggs Benedict was way over cooked, and the English Muffin underneath was soggy.  I had one of the muffins, and it was the most disgusting muffing I've ever had.  But they had some good items including a nice assortments of eggs, an omelet station, savory crepes made to order, etc...  . . Also, the service here used to be great, but I swear, the waitresses are ignoring me on purpose, now.  When they come by the first time, I just got water.  Then, around dessert time, I wanted coffee.  It took me 10 mins. to flag the waitress down.  It was like I was at an Asian cafe back home in LA.  The atmosphere is still great, but service is not what it used to be.
Out of the Buffets offered in the Buffets of Buffets that I've tried, this is the best one. It has a generous variety of food. The section we ate at was cute since it was going for the french theme and there were even pigeons on the balconies over our head! BUT to be fair and judging this place against the other LV buffets like THE BUFFET and WICKED SPOON... This place was just OKAY. . . Crepes line was long but the portion was huge so I shared with my friend. We had to tell the crepe man to go easy on the chocolate and powdered sugar though because he had a really heavy hand with other diners. . . For brunch on a weekend, the line was quick but the service to get new utensils or refills on water was slow and lukewarm.
I am biased: I hate buffets. I have been to this one 3 times. And it is always OK. I do like the mashed potatoes here a lot though. Everything else is rather standard for the buffet. Of course, there is a long typical Vegas buffet line wait to get seated. The service is good. The restaurant itself looks nice. The hotel is ok, not much to do there. But give this buffet at least one try. They have a lot of good desserts (eclairs).
$15.99 with players card for breakfast. My review is tainted as I do not like onions in any form. Everything not sweet seemed to have onions in it. . . Most of the food was either really bland or over seasoned. There was not any middle of the road.. . If I went again I would just visit the crepe station over and over again. They were excellent and the people making them seemed to actually care.. . Over priced buffet in my opinion overall.
Ate breakfast here on my last day in Vegas, and I have to say I didn't really love the place. It had similar quality food to the MGM Grand buffet that we had eaten breakfast at the day before, but less selection. They have a crepe station thingy here, but I didn't think those were all that great, so what is the damn point. . . Really, I would only be giving it two stars, except for one thing: You can pay an extra $10 per person and get right to the front of the line! Yessir, capitalism at its finest, and I was more then happy to pony up the extra dough at noon on a Sunday when every breakfast buffet in town had an hour wait to get it. . . So, if you're a stepper, and you're starving, and all the buffets in town are packed, this is a good place. If you're a mooch, and the line is long, keep walking.
Compare to all the other buffets in Vegas, I'd say that this one is ok. Not great, just all right. Since I ate here day and night, I will contrast between the two and tell you which one is a better time.. . Day: In my opinion, eating at Le Village for breakfast is what you should be aiming for. They're breakfast crepes, and omelets are wonderfully scrumptious! I always choose to eat here in the morning because, 1) the line isn't long (probably a 30 minute wait), and 2) the atmosphere in here is great. Oh gosh, I just love their french toast with maple syrup! Yum. The waffles at this buffet are more soft and moist than all the others in Vegas. In addition, I believe Le Village Buffet serves the best creme brulee in the strip. When you eat it in the morning, it's just like heaven. What a perfect way to start the day!. . Night: I am not such a big fan of this buffet at night. I'd rather go to Rio, Planet Hollywood or Caesar's Palace to eat. At this buffet, it lacks the savory the food needs, not to mention that there is not a lot of choices for food here. The way they makes their crepes at night is too...overwhelming. I remembered waiting 15 mins in the line and I got a gigantic stuffed crepe that didn't even taste good. I feel like I was eating a blob of dough with chocolate and over-sweeten fruits. That really ruined my appetite. I don't think I ever ate their crepes at night again after that. It;s nowhere near their morning crepes. I guess it all depends on the person who makes them. . ***Note: Go here for the creme brulee! Always!
This is a buffet that if you come to vegas and don't eat there you didn't miss much. The selection just wasn't that great compared to some of the others. I went there for lunch and maybe two items from the buffet stood out everything else was ok or not that great. With that being said the carrot cake is amazing. It is some of the best i've ever had, so soft and moist with just a great flavor.
I've been to better. The best part are the crab legs. Other than that, its like any other buffet. A little pricey to be like any other buffet. For the price, go to wicked spoons at cosmo.
Pros: connected to Ballys (where we stayed) , huge variety of food, & crepe station . . . Cons : same food repeated every day . . I was kind of disappointed that this was the only buffet I tried while in Vegas. Only because my group and I were extremely hung over and hungry. We were not willing to walk to other buffets in the blazing hot sun! Let alone take a taxi , and wait in the long buffet lines . . . Food was ok, but I wish they changed it up a bit . Service was consistent , very polite workers. . . I loved the crepe station! It's a must try while there!
So much better than I remembered.  Last time we had breakfast here and it was horrible.  This time, we tried dinner. . . 24 hour buffet pass for $40...how can you go wrong?  Except after the 2nd buffet, you really want to run straight towards a toilet or grab a roll of Tums.  Seriously, no one should be eating more than one buffet within 24 hours.  Heck with it all though, this is Vegas...the city of losing wages and eating just as much as you freakin can!. . This was our 3rd buffet on our pass...a dinner stop. . . Highlights:  . CREPES!!!  Yummy delicious crepes...I take em plain with some powdered sugar. Really nice lady making em...the crepes were perfectly chewy...I had 2.  Ugh. . . Seafood.  A combination of crab, shrimp, mussels, and clams.  Not the greatest...but good enough.. . Dessert.  Probably the biggest display out of all the buffets we went to.  They're your usual buffet fare...nothing was really wow but enough to satisfy your dessert craving. . . The duck was also pretty good...it was made with orange sauce and rice pilaf.  Can't think of any of the other standouts as the buffets mostly had the same things.  . . Pretty decent buffet...#3 on our buffet list.
The scenery is very enjoyable, make sure they seat you "outside" for a better ambiance during your meal. I would say the star of this buffet is the Crepe station, with a choice of savoury and sweet, we tried several types and they were all very good. The price is not too bad compared to other buffets in the area and the wait not as long either. I would only come here again for the crepes and prime rib though.. . TIPS:. . Sign up for the Total Rewards program at the Paris hotel prior and you can get a discount on your buffet price per person/member. If you are not an american citizen make sure you have your passport as they take no other form of ID.
Went to the dinner buffet here tonight.  It is $30.99 plus tax per person.  We were in line for about 30 minutes.  Had a great table under a "tree."  As you may have noticed we're in town for a few nights and had been to the Bellagio a few nights ago but weren't too impressed with the food although the Bellagio service was great.  Tonight, the food at Le Village was great but the service was a little shabby.  Never mind, we were more interested in the food.  The prime rib was good but so were the grilled chicken and the bouillabaisse (who knew) as were many other things in between.  For dessert there were nice little cakes and sweets and, of course, the crepes.  I ordered the number 2 and asked the lady to put a little of the brandied apples in as well.  Then she drizzled some raspberry sauce on top and I added some chocolate.  Oh my, it was the biggest crepe I ever had but it was sooooo good - could not finish it though.  We had gone for Sunday brunch a while back and liked that too.  The best thing for this place is to get Bellagio to provide the service for the Le Village food.  That would be a 5-star Vegas buffet.
Paris, Las Vegas. I've been to many vegas buffets, ranging from MGM, Bally's, and Rio, to Luxor Bellagio, Mirage, and many other ones in between.. . I went to the IHeartRadio Music Festival in Vegas on Friday with my girlfriend. We were staying at the LVH, but I decided to take her to the Le Village in Paris Hotel and Casino for the lunch buffet. We went around 1:30 on a Friday afternoon, and there was no wait, which was nice. The setting was nice and dark for a romantic mood. The service there was really good. Had my drinks ready when they were out and plates cleared out when new ones came in.  . . Now onto the food itself. They had Prime Rib for lunch, which is kind of rare since most of the lunch buffets I've been to don't really have prime rib, they have roast beef. I tried their prime rib, which is probably my go to dish when I go to buffet's in vegas. It was pretty good. The rareness is perfect, I like my prime rib as rare as possible, but of course it has to be hot haha.. Not cold uncooked prime rib. There were lots of food choices, On my first plate I tried some clam, quiche (taste meh), mashed potatoes, pasta, and some cocktailed shrimp (however the shell isn't peeled which sucks..ended up just eating the shell and feet, at least they clean the poop out). Prime rib was the only thing that stood out. Everything else was kind of filler. I went back again for a second prime rib and this time they gave me a thick a$$ slice, it was probably equivalent to 3-4 prime rib slices they normally give. After eating that, I was just stuffed. Couldn't eat anything else but dessert. . . Dessert:. . My girlfriend ordered a banana, nutella, hazelnut crepe. It was presented very nice, but tasted ok. The nutella didn't really taste like nutella, and the nutella was like a syrup was like put on top not inside of the crepe. Only the banana was inside. They also put a huge load of whipped cream...which was too much. . . Next, my girlfriend and I went on a dessert sampler..We got like one of each dessert available. We started off with creme brulee, brownies, some sort of raspberry cake, some cookies, flan and more. We basically only took a bite of each except for creme brulee... The creme brulee was really good, We went on and grabbed 2 more haha. That's the only dessert worth getting in my opinion. . . . Overall,. . I give it 3 stars, there are other choices that I feel taste better such as Bellagio, MGM and the buffet in the Mirage. . . It cost 21.99 a person, and personally did not feel like it was worth it. Go try something else. Maybe it taste better at night. For now I'll tick with Bellagio.
Was kind of disappointing.  The selection wasn't that high and the quality wasn't spectacular for a Vegas buffet.  The sushi was terrible. Honestly, it was the same as the buffets in Atlantic City--and everyone knows Atlantic City is like the uglier, neglected stepsister of Vegas.. . However, mini creme brulee desserts saved it, along with the extremely adorable decor.
Overall, the Paris Buffet is a solid choice.  I was fairly pleased.  . . I will say, however, that of the 4 buffets I visited in Vegas on my last trip (Wynn, Bellagio, Aria being the other 3), it was 4th in line.  It just didn't stack up to the last 2 times I was there.  It's slipped a bit, to be honest.. . The food choices overall was a bit skimpy compared to other lunch buffets (Aria, Mandalay, etc).  It's the only buffet I visited where it was pretty easy to get through all the choices and fill up your plate twice (or even once).  The choices just weren't as appealing.. . The food also didn't appear that fresh (sorta warmed over looking).  That was odd to me b/c we were there on as Monday and fairly early (about 1130) so it's not like more than a few dozen ppl had even been through it.  The food was a bit "dry" in spots.  . . The positives were that overall, you'll leave full and fairly satisfied with the meat and other selections.  My wife really liked the sole very much! Also, the decor if you sit "outside", is pretty cool (although the painted "cloud" ceilings is overdone between Venetian, Planet Hollywood and the Paris- everyone does it and it's starting to look 90's, hokey and dated).  The crepe station I didn't take advantage of (just not my thing), although if you are into that, it did look pretty apealing.. . A solid B-.  Down from an A- a few years ago.  Don't let it slip any further, Paris, or you'll be equal to a run of the mill (Treasure Island) type buffet.
Whats up with that darn line?? Jesus I was starving and couldn't understand why It would take 45 mins to get a table.  Beyond me but, once inside I ate I was happy, I loved the decor and the pretty things around while I ate. The food could have had more options not that amazing but, whatever I did have I was not disgusted. I loved the crepes station I guess from reading everyone's reviews that's what made me stay for the 45 min line. Its really fun how they made different crepes right in front of you. The Nutella crepes was AWESOMENESS in my stomach!
I know I look like a fat ass because my past few posts are all BUFFET reviews, but I did the whole buffet passport thing. Soooo worth it btw!!. . The best part of this buffet was that you got to make your own crepe. the end.
2nd time going in. Still a long line to get in.  I feel like the variety was lacking this time around. You forget that its all based on french cuisine. I liked the prime rib. the crepe station was toooo long that we didn't even bother.
Variety is lacking....Vegas buffet. $32 on Sundays. Includes decent Wycliff champagne. We asked for the extra orange juice to make mimosas. . Great small village decor. Americanized french food. Hearty meats for ya'll meat lovers. Very good crepes. The food is pretty rich. Potatoes Au Gratin was great.. . We prefer an overall healthier mixture of food though. Veg options were pretty low. Salad fixings were basic. . . I recommend the Belagio Buffet the best! $20 for lunch. Diverse food and elegant experience.
2.5 stars is more accurate. I did not realize, or more likely remember, that there is a discount for slot members so we ended up paying an additional $3 dollars per person.  I started off with a bowl of fresh berries with strawberry yogurt and a sampling of different cheeses.  My next plate featured Lyonnaise potatoes, Andouille sausage, poached pear, a cheese and spinach omelet and a few strips of bacon.  As I was preparing to make one more pass, I realized the staff was making the switch over to lunch so I taste tasted a dish with mussels, shrimp cocktail and another with clams - none of which distinguished itself. I had better success with 2 slices of pie that were both light and delicious. This buffet may have gone down hill over the years, but it remains better than most.
This used to be one of my favorite buffets. Not that it was close to - or anywhere close to - being perfect BUT because I felt like it was one of few buffets in Vegas that felt worth a visit without poking a hole in the wallet.. . But the prime rib is now similar to leather, the au jus is watery bland, the mussels have a weird texture to them (even as a new batch), most of the food taste dry as if left out in the sun...and their creme brulee is no longer creme de la creme... =(. . I guess if anything, I'll just be back for the champagne brunch on the weekends. At least that's something considered the Vegas way.
Bon Appetit!!. . I've been here several times, but my recent visit to Vegas during the summer we did the 5 Buffet of Buffets 24 hours pass for $45. Without it, price for regular brunch and dinner is $30, but for $15 more you can visit one of several different local buffets as many times as you'd like in a 24 hour period. Definitely a good deal and worth it. . . Out of all the buffets in Vegas, Le Village Buffet is truly a theme type buffet transporting guest to a French countryside, complete with cobblestone streets, sky, trees and French village. It feels more like an attraction in a Disneyland theme park without the rides and you're greeted with amazing foods from the five provinces of France (Alsace, Brittany, Burgundy, Normandy, and Provence). So hang on to your forks and spoons cause you're about to take a ride for some good grub. . . As for the food, most were delicious, good quality and prepared fresh. When doing the 24hr deal, best time to come here is during breakfast or lunch. Since Caesar's Bacchanal was closed for remodeling, we ended up here (saved Rio for dinner). My favorite dishes and suggestions include:. . Cream brulee - Nice crisp texture from carmelize sugar and sweet creamy custard so wonderfully good. . Salads - standards selection and basic dressings - Ok. Pistachio lemon macarons - tasty, more like cookies. I prefer Lettes thou.. Brie Mac N Cheese - savory, good firm texture (not creamy or mushy) and good.. Flan - sweet custard and okay (better off having cream brulee).. Bananas Foster - okay (better at Planet Hollywood - Spice Market Buffet). Churros - okay (even Costco taste better). Breakfast sausage, bacon, pancakes and french toast - standard, decent and okay.. Duck confit - savory and delicious (anything cooked in its own fat is always good).. Tiramisu - Ok (better at Rio).. Fresh Made Crepes - Stuffed banana, nutella, and hazelnut, strawberry - average and tasty. Not sure if its worth 15-20 minute wait sometimes. Bring two plates so you don't have to wait in line again.. Eggs Benedict - Good. Sushi - Ok.. Pasta with Truffles - Anything with truffles is good.. Veal, Lamb & Prime rib - tender and excellent.. Salmon - Tasty and good.. Shrimp  - Average size and comes with shell.. Mussels - Tasty and good.. Crabs legs - not pre-cracked (more work), but good.. . Overall - 3.5. Service was pretty decent and attentive. Nice ambience and beautiful scenery. Waitress came by regularly to refill our drinks and clear our used plates. Cette nourriture est delicieux (Food is Delicious)!! . . Cons - Killer lines during main lunch and dinner hours. Get here early or pay extra $10 to cut in front of the line.
Went here for BREAKFAST.  The wait was actually not that bad---got in line between 8-9 a.m. on a Saturday.  Noticed a huge line when we left at 10 a.m.. . I'm not sure what else I had or how it tasted, because I can only think of the Crepe that I ate.  The wait for the crepe was ridiculous!!!!  Only one person was making the crepes & finally a second person came out.  However, only one person was standing there for the most part.  These 2 people had to refill the ingredients & kept going back to kitchen for who knows what---there should be 3 people making crepes & a fourth one refilling stuff to get the line moving.  I think I waited longer for the crepe than I did outside.. . Anyhow, I didn't know what crepe to order, since I never had one.  I went with the "monkey," since I noticed everyone was ordering this.  This is one of the best things I have ever tasted in my life!!!!!!  My husband had to tell me to slow down & chew.  LOL  This crepe has bananas, with Nutella sauce, candied hazelnuts, and whipped cream!!!!!  I ate this after having eggs and who knows what else (can't remember).  The crepe served as dessert.  I wish I would have ate this first, because the line would have been shorter.  This MONKEY CREPE deserves FIVE STARS.. . All the other breakfast items are just o.k.& not worth the $20 something charge for breakfast.  We had the buffet of buffet pass, so that's why we went here.  Next time, I'm going to try to find a crepe place and skip the buffet.. . *My husband didn't even taste the crepe and said the other breakfast items were the best he has tasted for breakfast.  I still only give it 3 stars & 5 for the crepe.
Came here on Sunday around 11pm, the line looks like it is very long, but it moves very fast.  We were in the buffet & seated at 12.  This was the last stop for my buffet of buffets pass. . . The service here is very slow. When we asked for a server, they would tell us that they would get our server, but our server never came.. so my friend ended up waiting a while to get his refill of drinks. . . They had iced opened crab legs, mussels, clams, cocktail shrimp at the seafood section.  I regret eating ice cold clams first thing in the morning because it made my tummy not feel very good. . . The meat selection here is pretty good, asides from the prime rib, turkey, and ham they also have lamb chops, and tri tip.  The tri tip steak was surprisingly tender! . . The eggs benedict here are really good!! I just wish they came out  more often because they disappeared pretty fast.  They also had an omelette station & crepe station here.  The crepes were really good, and even though the line looked really long, the guy made the crepes pretty fast. . . They did not have alot of selection at this buffet, the strawberries were kind of sour. . . They did not have watermelon either. . . The only dessert I liked was the creme brulee, caramel custard, and the vanilla custard/ice cream thing.  The rest of the desserts looked unappetizing.  I hatethe lighting in this buffet, it is so dark and makes the restaurant look outdated. . . I would come here again for brunch because of the eggs benedict, crepes, and omelette station, other than that there is nothing really worth coming for.  I would definitely not pay the $30 or however much it costs for dinner.
A friend of mine recommended this place, saying she'd been a few years back and had a great experience. Wish I could say the same....it was mediocre at best.. . I am generally an avid fan of buffets, especially in Vegas where spirits are up and alcohol is flowing. But in this case, I was sorely disappointed. To begin with, the line was looong, which is expected for Saturday brunchtime, but for some reason, it seemed especially long. When we were finally seated (I went with a group of 10) and began browsing through the food selection, I cannot say anything looked fantastic, although I did enjoy the setup and decor of the place. . . DISCLAIMER: Our group was a little hungover, so my review of the food here may not be 100% accurate. . . After picking at a few plates of food, my first impression was sustained. I attempted to try the crepes that all the yelp reviews were raving about, but the line was too long, or I did not have the willpower and patience to wait. The dessert section, which also looked impressive, did not hit the spot either. Many trays were empty and were not replaced during our time there. . . 3 stars are because the service was good, and despite the average-tasting food, my group still had a good time. Our waitress was friendly, welcoming and very willing to meet our requests, even if it was requesting 3 different drinks per person. . . My end thoughts: Standard buffet, not too special, but not terrible. Would not go back though, especially with so many others to try in Vegas!
Buffets... again. I think my mom would love the buffets in Las Vegas (especially if you buy the Total Rewards deal, you pay about $57, for a 24 hour buffet-eating spree). . But buffets and hangover do not blend very well. I was a bit miserable buffet-hopping in the day time. It sucks many of the mom n pop pho shops or dim sum restaurants are not located on the strip. It is taken over by the bigger businesses owned by the hotels, otherwise they would have great business. We started off at Le Village at noon, the line was a bit long for a 3-star buffet. I would expect Wynn or Bellagio would be ridiculous, but  nevertheless it went by quick, especially if you have large parties. There is a service/gratuity charge if your party exceeds 7. There were 7 of us so we made the cut! (huzzah!). . Since it is located in the Paris Hotel, many food were French inspired like French toast, crepes, Eggs Benedict. I tried to make the most of my buck, but buffets and I don't get along since I eat very little portions. We chose the buffet-hop for the experience since some of my friends really wanted to try as many buffets as possible. There is an extra $15 charge if you buy the Total Rewards deal and eat at Caesars'. I recommend coming here hangover free, starved, and with some big pants.  . . It's a good experience--but not for me. I just stick with the simple ole' fast food and maybe one buffet for dinner.
I've been coming to this buffet ever since it opened. So this review has been long overdue.  . . On my latest visit, we did the weekend brunch. There was a line (like always), however it was probably a 20 min wait (not too bad). Our waitress was friendly, but definitely hard to flag down again if you need refills. . . The food was a mix of good and average. Crepes were delicious like always (banana and nutella, best combo). The sauteed mushrooms was an item I kept going back for more. Shrimp was decent (make sure your hands are clean since you're doing the peeling). Didn't get the crab legs since they were cold (I like it hot!). They had creme bruelee, but that was so-so. The soft serve ice cream is a must when you're on your way out!. . It is definitely a must when I do the Buffet of Buffets, however it's not as glorious as it once was.
I came here two weeks ago with my friend. I found that there is less variety of food. The service here was ok. I found it wrong that our server served the table drinks behind us when my friend and I were there before them.  My review is about the same as  my previous one, but minus one star for the service.
My parents had raved about this one but I thought it was just okay ... maybe I don't like French food, who knows. They have a make your own crepe station which is great but the line was long. They have only ONE bathroom stall in the ladies' restroom which wasn't cool, there was a huge line.. . Check in on Foursquare and you get a coupon for $5 off, my friend and I did that and went there for breakfast - not a bad deal. The ambiance is nice and the food was a step above the Flamingo's buffet, which we also went to, but that was about it.
Had dinner here with my family...overall the food was good & nice atmosphere...felt like we were sitting outside. My parents thought the crab had no flavor. I enjoyed the crepe. We all ate too much!
Crepes station is top notch. Seafood was okay.  Kind of worn down in the last 5 years. A deep cleaning would be great for this whole seating area. Probibly backstage too.
Came here for the dinner buffet on a Sunday night which ended up being about $30+ or so a person.  The ambiance is very cute - like you are sitting in a French courtyard "outside".  Overall the food was OK - I wasn't particularly blown away and the prime rib was a bit dry and overdone (but I have yet to find a buffet that serves delicious mouth-watering meat!)  The standouts for me were the crepe station (you can get savory or sweet), the creme brulee, and the king crab legs.  The king crab legs were sweet and not fishy tasting at all - so if you can stock up on those, you will probably make the experience most worthwhile!  I went to 2 buffets which was this one, and the breakfast buffet at Wynn and between the two I have to say Wynn blew Paris away so next time I most likely will opt to try the Wynn dinner buffet.
The menu was unimaginative and the service was strange. Needless to say, I didn't enjoy it.
We went here for lunch.  Other than the flan (which why I didn't give it one star) everything else was just bland.  Not worth the money.
Definitely not the most fantastic buffet I have been to in Vegas, but it did the trick on a Sunday afternoon with some buddies and a Groupon. $45 for 2 to eat with all you can drink adult beverages. That was a great thing.. but the buffet itself left alot to be desired. . . The layout of the space is so clumsy and awkward that you are shoved into back corners of the place.. we actually had a table IN THE WALKWAY of the back room we were seated in. It's not so comfortable. On top of it all, there was no selection of 'Asian-Style' food.. no sweet and sour, no tempura anything.. and really not alot of selection overall. . . The main thing that saved this dining experience is that they have a crepe counter. Both savory and sweet crepes.. they are a great addition to the pretty weak selection. I say give it a try for that reason, and if you can get a deal. Happy Eating!
I was in Vegas last month and had heard about the incredible buffets, so I decided to give it a try. Everyone knows Caesar's is supposed to be the best but this place also had a great reputation. Key word is had. Don't get me wrong, there are still lots of good things about it. But there were also some things that could stand serious improvement. First of all, the meats were not good, kinda dry and just bleh. If you are charging this kind of money, you better have mouth watering prime rib and roast beef to start. Also, some of the side dishes were bland and uninspired. Yes, there was alot to choose from and the atmosphere was nice but for the price they are charging, they need to do more. The highlight of the meal was dessert. Creme Brulee was out of this world as were some of the pastries. The Crepe station knocked it out of the park. It was just sooo good. But the highlight of a pricey meal should not be dessert. The rest of the meal has to stand up on it's own and this just didn't. That being said, it was still better than some of the other major buffets on the strip. I should mention that the service could also stand improvement. Everytime I needed my waitress I could not find her. The dirty dishes piled up and I literally had to get up to get someone's attention. That should simply not be.
I was not impressed with the buffet.  The main reason my wife and I tried it was because of the Groupon that was available which gave us half off for the dinner buffet and unlimited drinks.  The food was good but if I'm going to pay what would have been over $100.00 for my wife and I, I expect something much tastier than good.. . Let me preface this by saying their crepe station is fantastic.  The banana's foster crepe was really, really delicious so I would start at the crepe station if I were to return.  In addition that they did have crab legs and shrimp.  If you are looking for good crab legs this is not the place for you.  Some were still frozen and most were quite small.  The prime rib was good but not great.. . The station that had little cast irons serving bowls was good as well.  I had the pork belly and the beef bourguignon.  Both were tasty.. . As I stated the food was overall pretty good but the service was absolutely terrible.  We literally had to track down our waitress if we wanted another drink and she acted like we were pulling her teeth out when we did.. . If you get the Groupon deal that gets half off the meal and drinks I think it's worth it, but just barely.  I definitely would not pay full price for the meal.  I give it three stars because of the Groupon.
Not surprised that this place wasn't a 5-star buffet, as the prices were a lot cheaper than the other ones I've been to.  Overall, not a bad meal after three days of losing hundreds of dollars, but if you want quality and options, this is not your place.  . . The food is ok, like I said, for a groupon deal of $18 it's not bad, but would I pay more for this place, no way.  I think it's $24 for lunch w/o the groupon.  Quality of the food was bleak, as the selection was.  I don't remember seeing a seafood bar but that may be b/c I was dining at lunch time. . . The line was long, but it moves pretty fast.  . . Heh, save your money and hit up one of the fancier buffets..........
Definitely not the best buffet, but not the worst either. Overall, for the money, it isn't the greatest compared to others. Before you go in line, take 5 minutes and sign up for the total rewards card to get a small discount. . . Wait time: long, even on non-peak times. Be prepared to stand for a while although there were many tables available. . . Food: it was decent, but it doesn't stand next to the quality of buffets like the Bellagio. There are a lot of options and many have a French twist. I would say there are not that many options for children or picky eaters. . . Desserts: had a wonderful homemade crepe, but the rest of the desserts are pretty standard I.e. cookies. There is good French custard. . . Service: The waiters/waitresses are very nice and accommodating. They refilled very quickly.
Solid buffet but not the best I've had in Vegas. We got a Groupon for the buffet which turned out to be an excellent deal for two since it not included food but also unlimited mimosas, wine and beer (usually a $11.99 add on). The interior and set up of Le Village Buffet is amazing and I kind of felt like I should be bicycling through it while donning a beret! They make a lot of use out of the space and it's like you're in a little French village (so I think at least, I've never been but that's how I picture it). They have stations for different cuisines and items such as sushi, meats, salad, seafood, dessert, etc. But when I saw the crepe bar I started to get really excited because I adore crepes so game was on. They have about eight varieties of both sweet and savory crepes and the banana nutella crepes made my day! They were absolutely perfect and smothered in chocolate and whipped cream, I was in fatty fat heaven! Unfortunately that was the pinnacle of the buffet-I tried other items such as grilled lamb (flavorless), crab legs (skimpy), cooked veggies like brussel sprouts (overcooked) and nothing really tickled my palate that much after the crepes. Unlimited mimosas and our excellent server, Mitzy, made up for it though!  I would go here again with a coupon or discounted price but I wouldn't pay full price for it.
My wife and I decided to visit this place for dinner on 05/20/13.. . After eating here, quite frankly this place isn't much different from any other buffet. If I were to compare this with any other buffet that I've been to then I'll say that this buffet isn't worse nor is it better than those buffets I've attended.. . They do have a very reasonable amount of dinner items, and I tried to taste as many things as my stomach would allow me. Other than their mashed potatoes and their seafood items nothing really stood out and inspired me to make an urgent return. Even their dessert was nothing special to me. They had a few items that were satisfying but nothing that made me want to come .back again.. . I don't think this is a bad buffet and I'm pretty sure that you will be able to find something you enjoy eating here. I mean its a buffet.. . Hey this isn't the best buffet I've been to but I do believe that it can get the job done in filling you up.. . I haven't decided if I'll ever come back to this buffet because there are so many buffets in Vegas. I guess if I'm on limited time and don't have the time to go to any other buffet then I would come to this one. Other than that I have to try the other buffets out in Vegas before making the decision to come back.. . Happy eating people!
I was impressed with the breakfast at this buffet. We actually ate breakfast here twice. The french toast is extremely yummy. It does not rate higher than 3 stars because the waitstaff was horrible and LAZY! took them nearly 15 mins for refilled on our drinks. The main reason why the waiting line is so long is because the hostesses take their sweet time to seat you, and then seat you fasest away from the buffet as possible. There may be 5 tables open in front of you and they place you way in the back. And they seem to continue to leave A LOT of open tables when the waiting line is extremely long.
Years ago, I went to this buffet and enjoyed it quite immensely as it was one of my first Vegas buffets. Last week, I came back to this former favorite to see what had become of it. It was a little bit disappointing.. . I tried to hit a little bit of all the appetizing items. The prime rib was pretty solid. The beef bourguignon, pork belly, and the bouillabaisse were probably the standouts of the whole thing. Well, except for desserts. There were some really nice options, like the creme brulee and the cheesecake. My dessert crepe (#2 I believe, with the berries) was also good, if a little big.. . The big problem is that the crab legs mostly sucked, and there was such a small serving area for it compared to huge platter that they used to have. What gives? Everybody knows you go to a Vegas buffet for crab legs. Also, the lamb was pretty dry, and there just wasn't as much of a variety as there are at some of the bigger buffets.. . Luckily, I was able to use the Groupon on this trip and enjoyed a couple glasses of Blue Moon. They also have red table wine and something else that didn't sound appealing to my memory banks. Not too bad if you're looking to get a little buzzed with your meal. But if you're just gonna go eat, then hit the Bacchanal, which I'm still in love with despite news of their ever-increasing prices.
So, I've been to the buffet at Paris many times.  Typically, I've been in the morning/afternoon, so maybe it's been more breakfast food.  This past time, I went for dinner during a friends wedding reception.  I've got to say, the service was GREAT.  Everyone in attendance always had a filled drink (almost too generously) and received whatever they asked for.. . As far as the food is concerned, I was underwhelmed.  There wasn't anything that really stood out... maybe the dessert crepe and the beef bourginoun.  Everything else was just mediocre to fair.  Based on this experience, I'm not sure I will be back.  In the past we've always talked up the place to those people going to Vegas and looking for a good buffet, but I don't think I'll be doing that anymore.  Oh well...
- Good buffet from the Buffet of the Buffets list, I enjoyed that.  I wish I did go for dinner though instead of lunch.  The mimosas did hit the stop for early afternoon- Loved it.. Breakfast food is what sold me here.  . . -  The french toast was really good too, two different types of sausage there-tasted excellent as well.  I sampled a bit of everything and like I said, it was nice to finally eat some BREAKFAST food, compared to any other meals that me and the group had been eating lately.  Since I had this deal for 24 hours of buffets, this was a place to try, NO COMPLAINTS HERE.  Loved the fresh fruits and the pasta was even good too.  LUNCH buffet is normally $20 plus tax,  It is maybe somewhere I would not come again but nice to go even at least this one time.  I loaded up on bacon and potatoes on my plate as well,hash browns were money also to eat.  Check this one out, especially if you have this deal.
Finally! After trying to eat here on 2 or 3 other vacations, I ate at here!!. . The line is always long at prime meal hours, so get there early!!  We ate our late lunch/early dinner at like 3:30 - no problem, since we had to make it an early night because we were leaving to drive to Disneyland the next morning at 4 am!. . The selection is not as vast as I envisioned, but there was a lot to choose from.  We made about 3 or 4 rounds, and I was ready to roll out of there afterward.  I really can't remember what I grabbed - some salad, some meats, roasted veggies, more meat, crab legs (pre split for your convenience!), crepes, ice cream, I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!  Most of the food was good, fresh and well prepared.  I had a small serving of roast beef that was a little dry.. . Service was kinda slow - we had to wave down our server to get refills on drinks and our plates weren't taken away as fast as we would have liked them to.. . I don't think I'll be returning to this buffet, but I'm glad I finally got to eat hear - crossing it off my Vegas Eats list!
Decent buffet. Good variety with good taste.  You will find dishes that cannot be found in other buffets in Las Vegas.  But, I don't think it's worth $30 price.  I would rather go to a restaurant that serves individual dishes.
I'm not a fan of crepes, so it's obvious where this review is going. Lunch was good. Definitely glad we chose to do the buffet of buffets, otherwise we would have been upset had we paid regular price.
I really don't like buffets too much, and I really don't like breakfast (yet that's when we were there).  Other than that, the food was good and plentiful, and the service was good too.  The crepe was fun to watch being made but on mine there was a seemingly minor ingredient substitution (fresh but not fully ripened tomato for sun-dried tomato) that was a detractor more than anything else.. . Best item: slab bacon, cut to order.  Runners up: crepes made to order, sausage, sausage, and more sausage; sweet polenta.  Favorite of the crowd appeared to be the omelet station... of which I did not partake, but the line was always present so good things must have been happening there.
PROS:. - The selection of food here is good. They have crab legs. You can make your own crepes. The meats here tastes good, such as prime rib.. . CONS:. - This place always has one of the longest lines for a buffet in Vegas. I had to wait at least 1 hour every time.. - The place is not asspacious as other big buffets.
Lot of selection, the decor is really pretty and theatmosphere is much different than most places.  The staff is very friendly (especially that gentleman that was doing the carvery early in the morning - A super friendly black guy).  He was super nice and deserved a tip, but he doesnt have a tipping bowl.  . . The crepe and omlette in the morning have tipping bowls, and if I don't tip I get the most rudest and mean service for getting one of them ever.  I mean, for something like an omelette or crepe where they're just doing their job, I don't see why I would tip.  I'm glad to tip for people who provide me with service and give me a smile regardless, then I go back to tip... but out of all buffets, this is the only place that literally has gigantic tip bowls and they expect you to tip (not like you've already paid for the buffet and need to tip the server as well).  Shady to me, also the service if you don't tip is offensive!. . Anyways, the food is okay, and the crepes are okay as well..
Nice place, a good wide variety of foods to choose from. also a good variety of deserts. free glass of wine. Very good service.
This is based off my vegas-buffet experience of only trying this place... ever.  So take that for what it is worth. . . One, got a deal on group-on for a mid-week dinner at like half price.  So did everyone else it seems and even on a Tuesday (I think it was a Tuesday) the line was long.  Waited an hour to be seated at a table empty and void of napkins and utensils- but told the server would be by to bring wine soon and that we were free to begin getting food.  Party of four.  Two took off to get food, when they came back still no server.  They looked puzzled about where they were suppose to get a fork.  . . So I looked around and found a couple of employees hanging out chatting at a side station- asked them "excuse me, where do we find utensils?"  Without answering they proceeded to gather napkins and silverware for me in an aggressive and annoyed manner.  Sorry- guess I wasn't suppose to interrupt your chit-chat.  Heading back to my table our server arrived with place-settings in hand so I no longer needed them to which I got glares in response.  So... Fail.  -1 for service.. . Food wise- hit and miss!  With a lot of miss!  Its a buffet, so I cannot say I expected much but the middle-eastern/greek stuff hidden back in a corner- should have stayed in the corner.  Steamed veggies on the other hand were good.  Brussels Sprouts were delicious!  . . The standout though was the crepes!!!  I had to wait around a bit for the crepe making guy to come back and it was totally worth it!  SUPER DELICIOUS!  If I were to go back I would skip everything but the crepes!  GO GET THE CREPES!  . . Also, the creme brulee was good!  And I am not usually into creme brulee.. . Decor is hokey and while nothing was dirty- I just didn't get the feeling of clean here...
Regarding the lunch - food was dry, barely warm, down hill experience to never return... until the desserts... their crepes were a knockout! What an amazing surprise!
What pissed me off was the waiting, first time  FAIL to wait, i abandoned my spot and left to find somewhere else to eat, i was starving, make matter worst i had already waited 40 minutes and there was still like 30 people in front!!!! wtf why so slow? i saw from outside plenty and i mean plenty of tables... so i dunno why it takes em so long to seat people. By the time i went somewhere else to have dinner and finished eating, i still would have been waiting at the line at le village buffet :/. . Second time, we made reservations (yes it takes reservations) came around 10am for brunch. Only waited like 5 minutes for a table. Most remarkable was the omelet station and the crepe station, very friendly chefs and very good food. . . Next time i will skip this buffet or i mean its enormous annoying line and go straight across to eat a crepe at La Creperie or a baguette at JJ's Boulangerie ;)
If there was anything that was hard to find, it's this buffet in the Paris hotel. The line was long and the price was decent. When I finally got a table, I started my food hunt at the buffet. Most of the French food here is country style (bouillabaisse, ratatouille, etc). Since I wasn't much of a stew person, the best thing here that stood out for me was the crepe station. Oh, and the little cuts of pork in a tiny cast iron skillet (are they imitating theWicked Spoon?). . . If only they had duck confit when I was there that afternoon. Le sigh.
My family bought 2 groupons. Each includes a bottle of wine and the buffet for 2 people. We got there early so we did not have to wait in line. However, the line was long when we were leaving. They had a wide variety of French food - they even had sushi. Not sure how that fits the French theme but people seemed to enjoy it.. . Food highlights:. Pork belly. Brie and bacon Mac and cheese. . Dessert:. Amazing!!. Tina of macarons. Soft serve ice cream. Cookies. Carrot cake. Other cakes and cookies . . Our server was very nice and was constantly refilling our water glasses. . The buffet was good - not the best in town but still enjoyable. The inside is decorated like old French streets.
We aren't really big buffet fans and other than a 2 for 1 breakfast buffet at the Golden Nugget this is the only other Buffet we did in 8 days in Vegas. AND we had an excellent Groupon for two for $34 that included a bottle of wine (turned out to be a LARGE bottle too), and was good enuf and a deal. If I had paid $25 a piece plus without the groupon and bottle of wine this would be my A-OK 3 star rating. We really like the Paris property, and the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant is a favorite.. . We leaned heavy here on the cold seafood, and salads, much less so on the meats and we thought it was a good buffet. Very good crepe bar, and some nice sides like cheese assortments, french onion soup, smoked salmon, LOTS of deserts and ice cream bar of course.. . The wait is annoying and seems unnecessary since they have more seating usually, they need to improve something on their end. We waited 40 minutes at 8pm on a Sunday night. It's also pretty loud in there on a faux cobble stone street with those carts bouncing around. Table seating however was very nice and we weren't crammed on top of other people. I recommend it, but check GROUPON, seems like that deal is always up. Don't forget the crepe bar.
We saw the groupon deal and hadn't visited this buffet in over 10 years so we decided to try it again.  Our favorite buffet in Vegas the last couple years has been the Wynn, which is what we use as a marker now.  This didn't come close to matching the comparison, but with the groupon it wasn't a bad deal.  The Brie and bacon macaroni and cheese was by far our favorite dish, and I enjoyed the crepe station.  The soups were good, the beef bourguignon was authentic according to my husband that lived in France for a couple years.  I'm giving it three out of five stars because we decided it wouldn't be a place we would return to and pay full price - not worth the money.
Came back here for a Friday lunch because of a Groupon deal and the food was just decent this time. There were no crab legs (guessing because it's a weekday) and most of the desserts tasted just alright. THAT CREME BRULEE STILL ON POINT, THOUGH.
Service at lunch was pretty lousy (took forever to clear empty plates), and the food, other than the crepes, was average.  The crepe station is awesome though, and the guy making the crepes was both nice and funny.  There were a lot of mussel options, so if you like mussels you might enjoy this place a little more than I did.  There was nothing terrible about the experience, it just did not wow me in any way.  And, as silly as it sounds, if you are going to have sushi you should also have pizza.  One more annoying thing was the guy trying to sell you the picture of you that they take before the meal.  Give me a break.
I guess I'm not a huge fan of buffets HOWEVER this one is notably better than most of the buffets in Vegas, and here's why.. The food selection AND quality are up to par.  Doesn't have that metallic or plastic taste like if it came from the bottom of a freezer.  The pasta with truffle sauce was absolutely amazing.  For me, of course, the drawback was the price but I personally like spending no more than $20 for an amazing lunch meal.  The other drawback were the crepes.  Now the dessert ones are great, from what I heard.  The meal crepes, however, can use some improving.  The chef asked me to wait a little longer for the cheese to melt inside the crepe which I thought was totally fine.  However upon indulgence, the cheese was not warm and not fully melted either.  Think of putting sliced cheese in the microwave then having someone cut the time short because everyone is in a hurry.  Yea, that kind of cheese consistency.. Overall it's not too bad, but like I said I'm not a buffet kind of guy, but this did exceed my expectations.
This is a good buffet:: the price is a bit much-- I usually go here for the Breakfast which is AMAZING-- but falls short for lunch and dinner-- . CAPRIZI salad, Crab and Clams are your crave this stop is for you!! . Not for the Meaty at heart.. There were meats but cooked (frozen) and just tasted over all ( not Appetizing ) there were Skillets with Ham-- they were good! . The desert was bomb as u can see from my photos- simply yum-- . I attacked the crime brulee !! . Lol!! Happy eating all!! Oh! The first glass of wine is free and a mellow red--
$32.99 for a Thursday dinner. One glass of wine included pp (cab, chardonney, or merlot). $1 off pp if you use your TR card. One TR card can give you that discount for up to 5 ppl the TR staff told me.. . Wine was good; it didn't give me a headache like most red wines do.. . The food is overall more dressed up American food than French. About 20% of the selection looked to be traditional French dishes.. . Service is quick about taking your plates away but slow to refill your water, get you a beverage, or clean an empty table. Service also seemed overwhelmed/annoyed if you asked for things. I asked one staff member for water and in response, she silently pointed at the server I should be asking. I was turned off by that and would have liked her to provide a more polite response.. . What is bizarre is that there is a line to get in that winds around twice in front of the buffet, but if you go inside, there are consistently about 20+ tables that are empty in the back section of the dining area. Why did we wait in line for about 20+ minutes to get seated when there were so many empty tables near the serving area?. . They make crepes right in front of you. It was good. Would have loved to finish mine except I was beyond full.. . The best dishes there were the pork and apples skillet and the seafood bouillabaisse. There is also a carving station for prime rib.. . In the dessert section, there is a variety of cookies, eclairs, cookies, ice cream, flan, creme brulee, macarons, and fresh fruit. The basket of pears was full of rotting pears. The flan was good; not the jell-o kind.. . Ambiance is okay. The place is a little bit dark.
3.5 stars. . I'm normally not a fan of buffets. Mostly because, while I eat a lot, I don't eat *a lot*, and I always feel like I'm wasting my money because I don't gorge myself at every station. . . It's also been a while since I've gone to any buffets in Vegas, so my recollections of the food offered bordered on blah.  From what I remembered, you weren't going to have any outstanding culinary experiences, so I preferred to spend my money at sit-down restaurants with fancy menus and, you know...portion sizes.. . Of course, our most recent trip out to Vegas turned everything around. We were there with my Vegas-loving, Vegas-knowing cousin, who pretty much planned every meal of every day, with the bulk of our meals happening at various buffets around town.. . We came to Le Buffet for our pre-race morning meal, hoping to get our protein and carb fixes while sampling some of the other, non-racer-approved food items.. . The wait wasn't terrible, which was a huge bonus. We really didn't want to stand in line for an hour or more a few hours before we were supposed to run 13.1 miles. I'd say we waited about half an hour before we were shown to a table.. . The food was impressive - they had a good array of breakfast and lunch items, as well as desserts - and I enjoyed pretty much everything that I got. I only had issues with two food items: the cream cheese that I put on my bagel (with smoked salmon and capers) and the egg dish that I chose. The cream cheese had a strange flavor to it - almost like a "dusty" flavor, for lack of a better term. The egg casserole dish had ham and cheese in it, but was very runny and had a very sweet note to the base that I didn't expect and didn't like.. . But everything else was good. I ate way too much, and then went back for more. How I thought that was a good idea, I'll never know.. . I'm removing a star for our waitress and for the missing food labels.. . Our waitress was terrible. I mean, *terrible*. We each ordered a drink (OJ for my cousin, coffee for my husband and a glass of water for me). She brought back the two cold drinks, and put the pot of coffee on the table, then walked away. Did she have a coffee mug for my husband? No. We kept waiting for her to come back with one, or to just swing by anyway, but she never did. We finally had to poach a coffee cup AND a pot of creamer from the table next to us, since she was basically a no-show.. . She never came by to check on us, or to refill my (rapidly emptied) water glass. She DID, however, stop by with another glass of water towards the end of our meal. She totally could have completely changed my opinion of her by saying, "Here's a water refill for you", or something along those lines. Instead, she said, "I have this extra glass of water that nobody wants. Do any of you want it?". . Stellar!. . The missing food labels were confusing. The buffet had been open for a few hours by that point, but the labels were either all wrong, or they were missing completely. It's not too big a deal, but when you're trying to figure out if that hunk of meat is beef or pork, a label would be handy.. . Still, we enjoyed our meals and left feeling (overly) full. I think it's a good deal, for the amount of food offered and the price you pay. And I'd absolutely go back just for the macaroons alone!
We're in Vegas.. Do a Buffet. We're in the Paris hotel, might as well do theirs, right?  So we looked up the price on line, Cool! $25  head.. Not so cool.. $35 a head when we get to the registers. Weekend pricing in effect. *FacePalm*   . . We had a wheelchair in our party and when the seating girl came to us, she admonished us for being in the wrong line.  No one told us differently. There were no signs and the register girl didn't tell us otherwise either, so I'm not sure how we were supposed to intuit where we were to go. Her tone was rude and snippy.  However, we didn't have to wait long for a seat, we were shown quickly to a place close to the food and seated. . . The first thing I noticed? The overwhelming stink of seafood. To me, it turns my stomach. I'm certain to others "fresh fish & seafood" smells great, but it made me want to throw up.  But I put that aside as we all took our seats and the majority of our party went to get in line and serve themselves up some food. . . There were MANY Selections. Everyone came back with something different, something good. For me, My first stop was the salad bar. I chose a Caprese salad and a bowl of some of the best potato leak soup I've ever had the pleasure of eating. It was made with real cream, and you can tell the difference that makes.  The Caprese salad was good, but there wasn't any basil left on the plate. *sad* I had a small green salad too, but the grilled chicken I chose to go with it, was awfully dried out.. . For my main course, I chose steamed veggies, some potatoes augratin, sauteed mushrooms, Prime rib that was a bit over done, grilled lamb, taziki sauce and some parmesan flat bread.  The food was, for the most part, well done and very tasty. . . Dessert was a bit of a challenge, but I looked through the options and chose to have my first Macaroon, a Macaroon tart with black berries, a Creme caramel & a lemon tart. I wasn't impressed with the green macaroon. The Macaroon tart with black berries was FABULOUS. The creme caramel (Aka flan) Was ok, and the lemon tart was.. no, there was no lemon, it was a pastry shell with meringue. GROSS.  . . So for the most part, the buffet would have been fine at $25, but so not worth the extra money, especially if you don't eat from the sushi and raw bar, which none of us did... As one of my party said "I wanted to try the sushi but it doesn't look fresh or healthy"
We had purchased one of the all day any buffet deals and were out trying a good number of them over 24 hours.  They charged us an additional fee to eat with them which I wasn't happy with.  The food was good and we enjoyed some different choices than you see other places.  Now were super friendly and people persons but it didn't matter here as the servers were not friendly.  From the register, to the hostess and server not many smiled or even cared to talk and the place was not busy.  Drink refills are not dependable even though they walk by or collect dirty plates.  For the food I give three stars but not the service.  My tip reflected my dissatisfaction with the service received and we normally leave good tips where we eat.
This place is so cute! don't forget to reserve a table through opentable.com to skip the lines! we didnt know there was another area to be checked in, and waited a long time only to find out we were in the wrong line!. . Their buffet items were pretty good, although the crepes were just ok.  It had a nice feel to the entire restaurant as it seems like you're strolling along the streets of paris.  . . We also had a groupon deal and it came with a bottle of wine. Unfortunately, we're not wine drinkers, so we substituted the wine for other beverages.  Too bad they didnt let us take it out of the restaurant without uncorking it.
