We came to Mr Mamas based on yelp reviews. The place is set in an industrial business strip. If you didn't know the street number, I promise you that you will pass it up.. . Mr. Mama is an eastern european guy who was friendly and ran the place. Our breakfast dishes were good. Not great. I prefer this kind of place over places like Dennys or Micky D's. I had the pancakes with eggs and sausage. Hubby had a veggie omelet and we both enjoyed our meal. . . Must say the place is pretty stark,  but the food was good and the dude was nice.
Have come in here 4-5 times and I can honestly say that they do make a really good omelet. The staff is pretty friendly and the owner can usually be found in the back cooking. The pancakes are as big as the plates so be warned. One time I had asked for onions in my hash browns and when my breakfast came out there wasn't any onions in it. Not a deal breaker, but the owner stopped over and asked how everything was. I told him about the misstep and he had me another plate of hash browns with onions out in no time flat! Nice. I can certainly see myself coming back.
Great food and delivery service.  Our company loves ordering from Mr. Mamas because they are fast, no minimum requirement, and the food is GREAT.
BREAKFAST REVIEW: Me and the gf found this place through Yelp. I had the pancakes and she had the French toast. The pancakes were just like what you would get out of the package at McDonalds. The French toast was excellent. I also got the veggie omelette...devoid of any flavor. At least it was good for me. The service and friendliness was off the charts. The sausage patties were seasoned and tasty.  I would not go out of my way to visit this place, but it's right for the money.
The staff was very courteous and friendly. The food was good but I was looking for something better than ok. I love breakfast and I was hoping that they had specialties but they did have pancakes and the kids did like it. The decor is awfully blue and I didn't quite understand it, it's really smurfy blue with patio furniture. But food was cheap and very fulfilling, it's just lacking a cozy feel.
We ate here Sunday for breakfast.  The food was a great price, and large portions, but they put these spices / seasonings throughout my entire order of omelet and hashbrowns.  It made it difficult to even taste the eggs or potatoes it was way too overwhelming. I looked at the menu and nowhere in the ingredients did it list that they would be dousing my food with green spices.  I would go back but would definitely be asking not to add all that stuff to it.  Worth a second try.
This place was A-OK. Definitely a bargain compared to the breakfast places on the strip. However, even though my friends and I were all hungry, the food was just A-OK. It wasn't as spectacular as all the other yelpers said it was. It was filling though and gave me the energy to endure the 4 hour drive back to LA. I ordered the Mr Mama's stack, which consisted 2 sausage links, 3 pancakes, and 3 eggs. I only managed to eat 1.5 pancake, the eggs, and the sausages. The dishes were a tad bit under-seasoned, and was nothing spectacular. But it was a deal considering how close it was to the strip.
Good food, pleasant service.Really liked the sausage gravy.
The omelettes was ok. But the chicken friend steak was not good. I could not taste the chicken, the gravy was salty. The service was quick and friendly.
Mr. Mama's is hidden away inside a mini mall of shops off S. Decatur. They serve good food at decent prices, but I wasn't blown away like most other patrons.. . I went with the Chili & Cheese Omelet ($7): Cheddar Jack Cheese, Green and Red Bell Peppers, Green and Red Onions, and Mama's Chili. The chili was a bit sweet and watery in consistency...I'd order something else next time around.  I also noticed the eggs weren't as "fluffy" as I am used to, comparing it to other omelet specific spots in town.. . Since their chili is relatively popular, I either missed it on a good day, or my taste buds prefer thicker-hearty chilis with a hint of spice. This was a bit sweet, boring and not for me.. . I'm sure I will be back at some point...I'll try some of their other goodies next time.. . A few pics of the goodies my group ordered :
Solid breakfast joint off the Strip. French toast is the best thing we tried. But the breakfast burrito is good too. . . The service is outstanding and they do a good job in keeping the place clean. Other places had a wait of about 30min but this place had us wait a good 20. . . Plenty of strip mall parking.
I should have went with Breakfast. I should have ordered an omelet. . . . Let's start with my biggest annoyance:. . I ordered a bottle of water. Menu stated $1.00. They rang me up at $1.25. Only a quarter, so I didn't complain or gripe about it. However, they should charge the prices on the menu or ring items up correctly.. . . So my coworker read the blackboard and saw a special for Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich. So this is where I talked myself out of getting the omelet. I was like "mmmm, Philly. mmmmmm, cheese." So we subbed out the American with Provolone cheese and it was good.. . Our meals came, except coworkers was wrong. Instead of making a Philly, they made her pastrami. The waitress caught it so that is good. However, I really hate when one person is eating and the other still waiting for food.. . I did order a side salad with my sandwich and I must say, it was a pretty decent side salad. Too big even.. . Now onto my Philly. Overall it was a decent sandwich. It was well seasoned. I took two bites with bread and ate the rest sans bread. With bread, you would not have gotten any complaints from me. It all complimented each other pretty well. However, when you took the main ingredient and truly made it stand out on its own, that is another story. The meat was tough and a little dry. The guts of the sandwich came with lots of bell peppers, onions and mushrooms. This is a plus to me but in the end, I thought it could have used more meat.. . . Customer service was mostly great. I am not sure of the beach tables and lawn chairs but hey, whatever works. They should keep flyswatters handy too because we were swiping those little pesky flies the whole time.. . Our waitress also didn't ring us up at the special price noted on the blackboard. She charged us menu prices. So again, it all comes back to my first complaint. . . . Maybe if I had ordered breakfast, I would have had a better experience with my food. Shoulda, Woulda, Coulda.
This to me represents the real Las Vegas that the locals would experience. When you look further than the glitz and glam of the strip you find some charming little (and odd) places. . . Mr. Mamas offers great food in an odd industrial atmosphere. The restaurant is in a strip mall industrial park. When you enter the building you feel as though you should be getting tires installed or picking up wholesale plumbing supplies. But instead there is a kitchen that makes excellent breakfast food! It's so weird!. . My wife had the breakfast wrap and myself the Cali Omelette. Although they did mess up my order (I had asked for no sour cream) they were quick to fix it and the server was very nice. I enjoyed the food; it was defiantly a step above Denny's. Fresh avocado and more than reasonable prices. I think our whole meal after tax was $16!. . Now the weird thing: they refuse to stock peanut butter! I've never experienced a breakfast place that intentionally didn't have peanut butter!. . I had a long chat with the server about this and apparently it's not an allergy issue, and many other people have requested it. She begged me to talk to the owner as he "will not listen to requests from the staff" and told me a story that only after enough customers demanded did they finally get Splenda despite the other servers all telling the owner how much it was asked for. . . I found the whole thing a little weird. Had I not been so full from the omelette I probably would have been more annoyed. I ended up not eating the toast as a result. Just can't do jam. Too sweet. . . So anyway all and all it is a great place to eat. Nothing special or exotic but if you are looking for cheap eats off the strip come on down. Good basic local food in an interesting location. If it were not for the owners not listing to their staff if give it 4 stars. I'll update the review on my next trip to Vegas.
I really want to like this place, but the food unfortunately was only ok. The staff and owner were VERY nice, I would come back to try again. I love me a breakfast burrito, but this one was just ok. I don't know what it was missing, but it just left me wanting a little more. The salsa they brought with it was good, but I don't know, something was missing. The bacon looked like ham, but it was bacon, maybe there wasn't enough bacon. Hash browns in side were good. Good amount of cheese too. . . Friend ordered fries too, which were good. I tried a friend's biscuits and gravy and honestly wasn't impressed. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good. I really want to like this place, and it has such good reviews, but I wasn't blown away. I'm sorry Mr. Mama's but I'll try again. Especially for the price. I think my big burrito was only like $6.25 or somewhere around there. Makes my heart and wallet happy :)
We were eager for a quick breakfast.  We were greeted by smiling faces and savory aromas of the hash that was being slung!  The restaurant is located in a strip mall, with very easy access.  The owner walked to each table to greet us and find out about each of his patrons with friendly conversation.  The restaurant is clean and well lit, with plenty of helpful servers.. . The food was average diner style food.  We had the french toast (probably could have used vanilla and maybe whipped cream w/berries to jazz it up a bit)...but for diner-style, it was on par.  My husband enjoyed the pancakes, they were large and fluffy (one would suffice).  Eggs were fresh and cooked soft, the way we like them.  The breakfast bacon was thin, but cooked properly.  Skip the orange juice...it was very concentrated and tasted canned.  The only good thing was that we saved the 2 bucks it would have cost, because we "checked in" on Yelp!. . All in all, this is an okay place for quick, cheap eats.  The service and warm welcome we received are both worth a return trip!
First time I tried this restaurant.    Food was very fresh and good.  Service was not good.  Took forever to get a drink refill.  Never came back with my change from the bill until I asked.  No spoon for the coffee.  I will try it again and hope I get a better servcer.
Hmmmm.... Well, this place certainly would not be 5 stars in my book. It was alright, busy on a Tues morning and we had to wait for awhile, but that was ok. The prices were pretty standard and the service was good. I told the husband that the food was a little too 'homey.' By that I mean it tasted like what any person could make at home with no real skill involved....like I got an egg and bacon sandwich with cheese and there was just nothing special about it...just an egg, a piece of bacon, and a piece of cheese on sandwich bread. I also tried the french toast due to the raves about it, and, again, it was totally standard home kitchen fare. Nothing I would go out to get. The only thing that was above and beyond was the gravy on the Husband's biscuits and gravy... it had bacon and sausage, and maple syrup in it....pretty different and interesting. Anyway, I don't know that I would go back on future trips.
