It's a nice hotel. It's right in the center of The strip.
Pros:. - Great location on the strip and easily accessible to NY NY, MGM, Bellagio, Caesar's Palace, M&M world, Coke building, Ross, Food Court.. . - CHEAP prices!  If you have an MGM player's club card, call into Casino Marketing to make your reservation.  The last time I stayed at Monte Carlo, I got super cheap rates!  The price to stay here alone is worth it!. . - Gambling is great!  Finally a casino where you can actually WIN some money and will not rape your wallet royally.  The only problem is trying to peel yourself away when you're winning lol.. . Cons:. - Rooms feel a little older.  It seems as though the rooms on the 20th floors on up are a little newer.  The hallway flooring are definitely cleaner & sheets seems cleaner.  I also had to switch rooms after my first night because my room door, safe and lights were not working. . . - Room walls were also very thin.  We could hear the couple arguing next door all the way up until 5:30 am.  Good lord, give it a rest, you're in Vegas- what is there to argue about?!. . - Some of the dealers here make it very apparent that they don't get tipped/would like to get tipped.  Don't get me wrong- they have some really friendly dealers here, it's just a select few that act that way.
I used to come here a lot as a kid. I came here once 2 yrs ago for Christmas and this time I found myself @ Monte Carlo again for New Years Eve.. . Although somewhat of an older hotel now, I feel Monte Carlo is decent. Beds are fine, bathroom is clean. A few downers though are the underwhelming TV and the funky shower faucet. Perhaps the biggest downer is how audible the water piping is, meaning if someone a room next door or upstairs were to turn on a faucet, the sound would be quite loud. Sounds like a large cardboard box being dragged across the floor.. . Other than that, Monte Carlo is not bad. Not the oldest, not the newest. And esp for New Years, I feel as long as you have a bed to sleep on, you should be fine because for the most part you're gonna be out drinking and engaging in your various shennanigans. I know I did :)
I'm at Vegas for CES and needed a cheap place to stay. Found Monte Carlo on Bookit for $60 total for CES weekend. (Must've been a price mistake) so I figured why not. Front desk is a bit disorganized as the lines just sort of just merge from everywhere. Not to mention they took a long time checking each guest in. Got to my room and housekeeping was still in there.. (wth) ok fine, whatever.. they had to fix a broken lamp. I'm not going to complain about that since they did make the effort to fix something that was broken.. . The restroom towels seems kind of.... not clean? Haha.. I don't know how to properly explain it. Just seemed not properly put up.. . I think for the price I paid it's definitely not something to complain about, but if I had gone with the a rate of more than $120, I would expect something better.
I choose the Monte Carlo about every other time I visit Vegas.. . For the price it's a clean, polished hotel without the crazy theme stuff. If they would just fix a few issues it would be my all time favorite and I'd stay every time I come here.. . CONS - would give 4 stars if these were addressed. 1. Spa closes at 7PM. They should be open until at least 8PM like other resorts on the strip. So often after a hard day of having fun there isn't enough time to make use of the spa. . . 2. All pools and outdoor area is totally closed from around Oct to Mar. Yet most other resorts have at least one outdoor pool and jacuzzi open all year.. . 3. They have a nice large marble tiled lobby, but no easy chairs to relax in. To be fair, most of the hotel/casinos don't provide any places to just relax. If the Monte Carlo added 10 or 12 comfortable lounge chairs it would really be great.. . PROS. - best value (price for what you get) in Vegas. - location. Connected to tram for Aria and Bellagio. From Bellagio, just a short walk to Caesars Palace.. - Decent lean rooms. Good beds. Bathrooms could use a lighting update.. . - Nicely laid out hotel/casino with a clean non touristy look.
an oldie but a goodie. there's nothing spectacular here (except for the Jabbawokeez and the pool.. haven't used it but i've heard about it!). this hotel gets the job done. everything is just enough; not particularlyexceptional and not ridiculously bad. just right. . . The rooms here are quaint. I didn't have any crazy stains (thank god) like some other reviewers. In Vegas i don't know how much time all of you spend in your rooms but we were rarely there (and if we were there we were passed the hell out lol). beds are cozy, tv is a cube, and bathroom is presentable. again, nothing to woo you... it is what it is. . . what i love about the monte carlo is their food court. i don't eat too much, i'm more of a snacker. while vegas is full of amazing buffets i never get my money's worth. do i really want to shell out 40 bucks to eat one plate of pick and pull stuff? not really. ill take my dollar menu thank you! the food court is open all the time (i went at 3am to get a pizza at sbarro). they have your mcds, sbarro, subway, starbucks.. just to name a few. similar to a mall foodcourt only less crowded. big plus? it doesnt smell like casino in there! . . front desk people are friendly, they don't judge. me and my girl wandered into the lobby after a fun night at TAO only to realize we forgot what room we were staying in. we went up to the front desk attendant and explained our situation then she happily tended to us. thank god she didn't give us a "these drunk b*tches" look otherwise we wouldve exchanged some words. YAY for help! . . A-OK monte carlo. when people tell you you're old just say you're a classic.
I was surprised at how reasonably price the rooms are here not to mention clean and hospitable.  It's primo location, right in the middle of the Strip and it really is a nice hotel.  The pool area is pretty large, complete with a lazy river.  It's no Mandalay pool but it's less crowded and the rooms are way cheaper.  I would definitely stay here again!
Leaving a delightful Jabbawockeez performance we headed to valet. Now to wait for the car to pull up, wait what's this? Why is this chick stopped and completely hanging out her SUV window? Directly at the valet stop, in front of everyone??. . "My name is Debra, and I used to be an ADDICT. I used to take exstasy, do coke, and whatever else I could find! Drink, party, do drugs, IT WAS THE DEVIL! I HAVE FOUND JESUS, AND YOU SHOULD TOO! (*passenger's voice "Jessssusssss!") RUNNING THESE STREETS, there was a time I'd do ANYTHING for the drugs. ANYTHING. Jesus is the way, it's the ONLY DAMN WAY TO GO!!!!!! Do you hear me you damn fools? JESUS YEAAAAAAAAAAA JESUSSSSSSSS!!!!!!". . The show was great, but I will always remember Monte Carlo just because of that chick. There were maybe 25 people all just looking around like "What the fuck just happened?" Crazy ass Jesus freaks, I swear to god.... They must pass out meth at her church because that chick was straight tweaking out. I'm sure Jesus really approved of her being at a casino in Las Vegas in the first place. Why does Jesus make people so bat shit crazy? On that note, I went out to get hammered. Yay for booze!
As with all hotels on the strip, after they are open for 2 years -- they become boring. I really like this hotel since it's inexpensive (like back in 2008 when it caught fire, and called them to make reservations for a trade show in June ... $39 bucks baby!) Hey, so what if I take advantage of their misfortune? . . But, from what I remember ... I *think* we are in the age of technology! I was up in Hotel 32 (the top floor of the Monte Carlo) and couldn't check in to any location INSIDE the hotel, let alone make a phone call. Come to find out they have all these iPhone apps, so I wonder if they have a deal with AT&T ... so guess what all you AT&T peeps, THIS is THE PLACE where you get CELL RECEPTION! So each time I had to make a phone call, or check in to any restaurant inside Monte Carlo, or the spa, I had to leave the building. I was baffled that I was practically on the roof of this building and STILL couldn't get any reception. Blah, this is the FIRST time in 16 years that I found a location Verizon isn't at. No wonder they still have land lines in all the rooms, huh?. . The staff is always friendly, and I always get an early check in. The spa and the gym are nice, but this visit I was put off by the weird *aroma* they had piped throughout the casino. We all seemed to notice this, and each time I left the casino I was happy to take a deep breath of Vegas diesel air on The Strip.
From the old school music playing, to the 35-45 year crowd cruising the joint drunk (myself included), to the smoke infested gaudy chandelier clad casino with the air pumped full of grandma's perfume to cover up the smoke infested smell, everything about this place screamed 1992 (or 1996 when this place opened).  I was so disappointed.. . Fast forward to the next morning, and it looked so much better.  It still smelled like grandma's perfume on top of tons of smoke but the people were chill, the staff were friendly, and in the end, you get what you pay for.  Since internet rates are super cheap, you really can't be disappointed...  . . ...unless you stay at Hotel 32 and pay premium prices for what you thought was a upscale boutique hotel within the Monte Carlo....EPIC FAIL! Review to follow.  . . Otherwise, there's a little bit of everything, and works well for the budget minded.  Heck, I hear there's even a lazy river out back that you can take advantage of during the triple digit summers.
came to vegas on a last minute trip to see a concert at caeser's palace and booked my hotel through bookit.com and the monto carlo was one of the cheaper ones on the strip. upon entering the hotel room looked nice and beds were all made up and looked soft and the view was pretty nice, but that about stops the good things. . . the blankets might have been nice and soft, but the pillows were way too high for me. felt like i was sleeping on 3 pillows. on the last night i notice there was a stain on my blanket, had no idea what it was. my mom said it was lipstick, but i'm pretty sure it wasn't. the towels had this weird smell to it... and one of towels was still dirty. and the water pressure is ridiculous! i thought i was being sprayed by a firefighter hose. even though they came in everyday to clean the room there was always hair left on the bathroom floor. . . i guess you get what you paid for. if you really are just looking for a place to sleep and don't care how the room is, then i say go for the monto carlo. but i can say for sure i won't be booking a room here the next time i come back to vegas.
Re-vamping it's image and demographic.  Liking it more and more.
Great place for the price. Not the most luxurious place on the strip but the amenities are decent, the service is good, and the location is fantastic. Very good value overall.. . This is the 4th or 5th time we've stayed here. The rooms are clean and comfortable, and there is a decent selection of food downstairs ranging from McDonald's to 5 star French, and everything in between. The casino floor is a bit small and smoky, but perfect for when you're not in the mood to get dressed up and go out. The spa is small and reasonably priced. And it's only a few minutes' walk to other casinos, restaurants, and shopping at the many malls nearby.. . The only things we didn't care much for were the showers (high pressure mist that's definitely not my idea of pleasant) and on our most recent trip the TV didn't work properly (but we didn't call to have it fixed because it just wasn't that important to us).. . Yes, you can stay at a nicer, trendier, and/or more luxurious place on the strip but you'll pay about twice as much. We prefer to stay here, where we're always satisfied, and use the cash we saved to eat, play, and party while we're in town.
I generally rate hotels by. . (1) how much I have to pay,. (2) how much of a hassle parking can be,. (3) the customer service at registration,. (4) how comfortable the bed is, and. (5) how convenient the newsstand/food options are in the general vicinity at 4am.. . (1) With an MLife players card discount, we paid $75+ ~$17 resort fee. Probably still the cheapest deal for a hotel in the center of Vegas on a Friday. Star.. (2) Parking is right across registration, so just one straight walkway. Parking is pretty ample too. Star. . (3) ...took too long. About half an hour and there were only three groups in front of us. Managment makes 'em type in like, pages of info (I saw them typin' at 100wpm for minutes at a time!) so that slowed things down. Kind of irritating. Negative stars!. (4) Star. Probably one of the most comfy beds in Vegas. Room could have been bigger.... (5) There is a food court that's easy to access, but no ample food options like NYNY unless you don't mind Mcdonalds, Starbucks, n Rubios. Meh.
Location is okay, close enough to walk to most other casinos on the strip if you are not handicapped or lazy. I booked a suite online, booked a smoking room. Check in time is at 3 pm. I left my bags in the car and I'm happy I did. Checked in at 3 PM and was told room would not be cleaned and ready to occupy until 5 PM. They also could not give me a smoking room despite the fact I reserved three weeks in advance. Front desk clerk was like a robot and appeared to be reading scripted responses to my questions regarding why they did not have the smoking room I requested and why the check in time is not the time she would give me my room number. If the room is not ready until 5 then that's when check in time should be, not 3. Was given my room number at 4:45 and they requested I give them another 30 minutes to "finish preparing my room". After 30 minutes went up to the room and found the housekeeper watching the television in my suite. I booted her out and needless to say did not leave her a tip. . Pros: Free valet parking, location, good variety of food from fast food to higher end items, cleanliness, and suites are quiet even next to the ice machine. . Cons: Room not ready until over 2 hours after check in time, did not have the room I booked and no discount was offered even though I reserved weeks in advance, bombarded with Jabawokeez music, images and merch at every turn.
Stayed here for a weekend trip to Vegas. Location isn't awesome, but it's close enough to the popular places on the strip so you can walk (Ladies - it's a bit of a walk. So be prepared for hurting feet or don't wear heels) but we did use a cab to get to the Venetian. . . Check in was a PAIN! We got there on Friday around 3:30, and it was starting to get busy. We finally got to the front desk, and they said there was a problem with the rooms (we got two adjacent rooms, one across the way, and one was down the hall...) and the guy acted rather snooty. We had to wait while he "fixed" the problem, and we had requested adjoining rooms but he didn't give us that. I was just glad to finally get inside the room! . . Beds were comfortable, A/C worked, TVs were nice, everything was fairly clean.  My complaint is the shower. It was like a high-powered mist. Takes a few extra minutes to ensure everything is actually CLEAN because of the power of the shower.  Not awesome. Room service was speedy (we were still inside the room when they initially passed by, the lady waited for us to leave and then cleaned it) and we never had to call the front desk for anything extra. The towels did have a strange smell (like burnt?) but I didn't mind it much. . . We stayed here because it is CHEAP compared to the other places on the strip, and all we were doing here was sleeping and getting ready. . . I didn't gamble much (just the slots for the free drinks) so I can't really say much about that. . . OH... if you stay here, definitely check out Diablo's. That place is cool at night. They push the tables out of the way and it becomes a dance floor. Bartenders are fast and make the drinks well... but they abruptly shut down and close around 3AM (I think? Haha). They turned off the music mid-song, turned up the lights, and ushered everyone out. Kind of a buzzkill, but we just moved on to the next place. A good place to start off the night if you're staying here.
We have stayed here three times in the past 7 years on our annual visits to Vegas.   I think if you go with the rightg mindset it's a great place.  Mindset being LOTS OF KIDS!  It has a great lazy river pool but that does draw families with kids.  The one and only time we took our teenager sons to Vegas we did stay there and it was appropriate but if you're a couple looking for a swanky and romantic place don't stay here. It does have a great food court and the rooms are adeqate.   It is centrally located so waking to lots of places is also great.
The shower head feels like an elephant is spraying water from its trunk. It actually hurt to wash up! . . The room itself was nice though. Me and another girl shared a two bedroom and it was a good size especially since we were there for a week. It was just the darn shower head. At first I thought it was just our room but my friends were on another floor and they couldn't stand the shower head either. The best thing about this place though is the location. It's so easy to travel to any part of the strip. If you have more $$ I'd say spring for the Wynn. But the Monte Carlo is good enough for especially for the price.
I've stayed at the Monte Carlo many times in the last few years (I travel to Vegas 3-4 times a year for business). I've stayed at other hotels on the stirp before (Excalibur, Westin, Caesar's Palace, etc).. . The value for the hotel is great (usually can find a room for around $40-50/night). They've included a 'resort fee' now of $12.95 a day which includes wired internet (no wifi) and 2 bottles of water a day.. . I think all hotels now charge a 'resort fee' which includes the internet service (wired or wireless). I've always gotten the internet fees as I need to be able to work through VPN so the 'added' bonus of 2 bottles of water is nice.. . It is an older hotel and does not have a wet bar or fridge. The rooms are average and the pool is ok. They do have a 'wave' river where you can float around all day but there's nothing spectacular about the pool.. . The hotel is located a little south on the strip and isn't near the Tram. You can walk a block or two to MGM Grand and catch a tram from there to get to the Convention Center or the other hotels. Diablo is a bar that is connected to the hotel and faces the strip. It gets a little wild around Cinco De Mayo (which is when I was last there).. . Overall, good value if you aren't planning to spend a lot of time in your room although if I were coming for personal travel; I would opt to stay at Caesar's or at the Wynn.
Not the best, but not the worst experience when it comes to hotels.  On the positive side, the beds were comfortable, the rooms were quiet, the shower was hot, and the staff was friendly. We stayed on a non-smoking floor, which was a big bonus.  I hate the smell of lingering smoke.  The location isn't too bad if you plan on visiting multiple casinos since there are many within a short walk. They also have a free tram that will take you up to the Bellagio.  The pub located in the Monte Carlo is amazing,  There is an excellent selection of beer and good food.. . However, this place is in high need of improvements.  The rooms seem rather old.  The wall paper was peeling off the wall in multiple places.  The bath towels also have this strange burned odor to them.  On an odder note, the toilet flush is a bit disturbing.  It's hard to explain, but I could imagine a small child being sucked down it.  I was also surprised that there was no type of mini-fridge in the room.. . The pool area is set up very strangely.  They place the lounge chairs directly on top of each other, so you are elbow to elbow with the people next to you which makes adjusting the chair awkward and not very relaxing.  They allow you to bring no water with you, so you must purchase anything you eat or drink at the pool area.  I guess they don't mind guests being dehydrated.  One lady next to me at the pool area said they wouldn't even let her bring in Starbursts that were in the bottom of her bag.  This seems a bit extreme.. . They also charge a $15 resort fee per day.  I was surprised to find there was no wifi in the rooms.  One of the two Starbucks at the hotel does have wifi, thought.  There is an Ethernet cord in the room.  The resort fee does include the fitness center, which I did not get a chance to visit. . . I have stayed at a couple different places on the strip, and this is probably the least nicest of them.  I am not sure I would pick this hotel to stay again.  It seems like a more suitable place to stay for the college aged looking for a place to crash after drinking for the night.
Not bad for the price. . . It was located further down the strip than I would have liked - it was a LONG haul to the Bellagio, Caesars, and the Mirage. About a $11 cab ride. There are other transportation options as well that probably would be less expensive though.. . The rooms were not as updated as they show on the website (a deluxe queen room still looked rather old). The bathrooms were spacious, but outdated. I found the beds and pillows to be comfortable, though.. . Pool scene was just okay - they had a DJ and an emcee for a "Pool Party". The wave pool was by far the best thing out there. . . Oh, and also, even if you're a smoker - opt for a nonsmoking room. The smoking floors smelled just plain awful. The rooms - even worse.. . Restaurants were pretty good. The cafe had affordable and tasty options for breakfast. And room service was not too overpriced with fast service.
Stayed at the Monte Carlo for a conference otherwise probably wouldn't even have given the somewhat negative reviews.. The public areas of the hotel-casino are quite nice as is the spa/exercise room. There is a variety of decent dinning options, including a food court that has a McDonald's, Subway, a fresh Mex and pizza place. . I stayed on a non-smoking floor (23), which was quiet. The room itself was in need of updating. The carpet was clean but worn and the furniture was both beat up and dated (the drawn on the desk kept sliding open for no reason and I finally had to wedge a piece of paper in it to keep it shut. . The bed and pillows were comfortable and the bedding was adequate but nothing fancy. The bath was adequate with tile floor and a good shower (though some might find the flow pressure a bit high). . Overall, the room reminded me of a basic Comfort Inn or Best Western.. The location is good and there is a CVS next door, which is convenient for snacks and any essentials.. MGM bills the Monte Carlo as the budget/entry level alternative to the Aria at the City Center, which is right next door. That's an accurate description.
I have stayed at cheaper hotels with better service, however the location of the Monte Carlo in the middle of the strip pretty much made up for anything that was lacking. There wasn't anything to special about the room; it was quite standard. The only thing I feel the room was lacking was a coffee maker and fridge. Seriously I can't recall ever staying at a hotel which lacked these amenities. Although I did not have a strip view, I must say that my view was awesome because I was facing the fabulous Monte Carlo pool and the extraordinary City Center! Beautiful in the daylight and absolutely stunning at night! Housekeeping was on point and the front desk was pleasant. My only complaint regarding personel would probably be the snotty ass concierge chick (excuse the tude but she almost got herself embarrassed but I was in a really good mood). The Monte Carlo Casino has to be my favorite on the strip thus far. It's very comfortable without having too young or too old of a crowd; and the music is on point!. Monte Carlo is not a bad choice. Not sure if I will be back to lodge but def will be back to gamble.
definitely recommend the suite over the 1br.  suite has a nice spa tub next to the window.  we even had a pretty decent view!  bathroom is separate from the vanity/sink area.  bed was nice and cushy, and we also had a couch!  there was also a tiny fridge in the kitchen area.  tv's not huge, but we barely touched that.  it's not super swanky, but it's pretty nice.. . it's also nice that there's a food court so close to the elevators!  (subway, starbucks, sbarros, mcdonalds, rubios, chinese food, etc.)  and a little shop with all the things you need.. . one thing that is super annoying is their elevator.  not only is it incredibly slow, but it plays the jabbawockeez commercial OVER AND OVER AGAIN... twice if you're going to the ground floor from the top!  and that's the only thing it plays.
For some reason a lot of people grade this place on the same level as Circus Circus, Excalibur and Luxor. But, it is definitely nicer than than that. I think it is between NY/NY and Planet Hollywood in the Mid tier strip locations. I like the way the casino floor is laid out and the back area shopping and eating. I hate the sportsbook here and buffet. The parking is also difficult here but, this is more about location.
It's not the fanciest or nicest looking, but it's clean and it gets the job done.  I like that in the morning they have $5 blackjack tables and once you sit down you can be grand-fathered in for the rest of the day.. . The waitresses are a bit slow to come around sometimes, so make sure you give them a tip if you want them to return to you.
I wanted a quick get away for my birthday, so off to Vegas I went.  When I made the reservations online, I specifically checked the option for a "strip view."  . . Check-in was fine with no problems and I was given the room keys.  When I was walking to the room, I could already tell something was not right.  When I got into the room, the first thing I did was look at my view.  Imagine my disappoint when I saw a parking lot and 15 fwy.  Not happy, I went back down to check-in to get this resolved.  The assistant tried to tell me that when their is a "view" it will only show a "V."  Not my problem seeing that I requested and PAID FOR a strip view.. . He assigned me another room.  I asked to see a map of the rooms so I could verify that I would have a strip view.  He did not have a map, he asked another associate... they didn't have a map.  No one seemed to have a map readily available.  Finally he finds a map and we confirm the room has a strip view.. . It was a standard room with the basics.  However, the sheets did not fit the mattress.  It was as though they put king sized sheets on a queen. And the sheets made noise when you moved.  I can't describe what it sounded like.. . Personally, I will never set foot back in this hotel.
This place needs a serious update. The rooms are clean, but they are old and dingy. They have seriously seen their better days, as the furniture is scratched and rundown. Checking in was a bit of a problem, as they did not have the rate available that we had made our reservations under at 3pm, their normal check-in time, so they gave us a handicap room, with anawful shower. The towels are scratchy and old. But, for the price on a holiday weekend, and, with the fact that in Vegas no one really spends that much time in their hotel room, it was an ok deal.
Whenever I find myself in Vegas, I normally stay at a different MGM hotel, The Mirage.  The last time in Vegas, the boyfriend and I saw the Jabbawockeez and we thought Monte Carlo might be a nice change of pace.  What an experience.... . Upon checking-in and getting up to the floor, all I saw was dingy carpeting, aged wallpaper, and noticed an odd smell.  The walls are pretty thin too.  We were quite a ways away from the elevator but we can hear the elevator every time it lands on our floor.  This led to many nights where I slept with the TV on.. . The bathroom is pretty out-dated.  The sink level made washing my face a neck-pain and the toilet wasn't even clean.  The shower head, although pretty cool looking, had the water pressure of a little kid taking a piss and the water can barely go above warm.  I hated it.  For a while, I thought my towels were dirty since it smelled like burnt sweet popcorn but apparently that's Monte Carlo's signature "smell."  And no, my room wasn't on the floor of that MC fire from a few years back.  The linen on the bed was scratchy and I hated the pillows.  I spent the two nights there sleeping without a pillow.  . . Location wise, I do love how it's pretty much a center point of the strip.  And with the Aria being a couple of escalators away and the Bellagio and The Crystals hooked together by tram, it made escaping the aged casino nice.  A couple of nice things about this place is that they have cheap buy-ins and a food court if you're on a budget.. . Overall, it's not TOO bad.  I just wished everything was a bit more clean.
We spent a few hour's hanging around this casino and having lunch. I have been coming to this casino for a long time over the year's. They really need to renovate it and keep up with all the other newer hotels. . . We did some gambling and I must say this is one of the places we had the most fun. Hubby played craps for a long time and enjoyed losing every dollar. ha ha I sat at a slot machine with my brother in law, of course I lost very quickly, got up and he sat and put some money in. Yep, this is how it works, he put in a $20 bill and hit $250 in five minutes. ha jerk. Good thing he won, my sister had just purchased a $300 purse. So really did he win? . . We enjoyed our lunch at Catina Diablo and walking around the Monte Carlo, many food options to choose from. Just a fun cool place that is always a blast.
I was at the Monte Carlo to meet up with some people to eat at the buffet. I have stayed at the MC and I have to say the suites are AWESOME! They big and spacious with great views. And the bathrooms are choice! The casino is on the smaller side, but there are some awesome places to hang out, like diablo's or the steakhouse inside (I forgot the name). Anywho, the buffet on the other hand, sucks. It's pretty run of the mill fair, so I would recommend to check out some of the newer hotels' buffets.
its ok - the hotel kindda has lack of a/c lol & elevators during check-out r slow - theres a food court inside lol - the pool is kool
Stayed here this past weekend for 3 nights. We were on the 22nd floor with the side/back view of  NYNY and Excalibur. Rooms were ok,our bathroom door was hard to open,it was a struggle at times to get it open and or desk drawer would open on its own when setting something on top of it?! other then that everything worked fine! Elevator kinda slow, one time it opened and closed  2 or 3 times before it would move up to the next floor it did that 4 floors going up. Pool was nice didnt really spend that much time there tho and bed was ok kinda hard! It wasnt a bad stay nor a great one but it did its job!
I haven't been to LV in years and stayed in the Monte Carlo for the first time this past weekend.  They ended up messing up our reservation (wrong keys) and comp'd us 4 free brunches, which was very very good.  Overall, the hotel is nice.  Nice comfortable beds, fast responding elevators and the Jabbawockeez show was siiiiic!  My only beef was the hotel pool kinda sucked - bunch of drunk idiots, and HORRIBLE HORRIBLE music (clubby pop house stuff).  I like to relax at the pool.  If not for that I would've given it 4 stars.  Cheers!
Definitely on the cheaper end of Las Vegas hotels, the rooms in the Monte Carlo are smaller and the building itself is visibly older than say the Venetian or Bellagio. Despite its age,the hotel is actually kept pretty clean, and at its cheap prices, you can't really complain.. . The casino area is pretty plain, and the decor throughout the building is somewhat bland. Oh, but there are advertisements for Jabbawockeez everywhere.. . I stopped by here on my last visit to Vegas to check out the swimming pool. The pool area was nice and big and even contained a circulating pool that you could swim in (or technically float in and let the current carry you). There are numerous recliners out that you can use and you can also purchase alcholic and non-alcoholic drinks from the counter.. . The view looking up at the sky while lying on the recliners was pretty awesome.
I have to say out of all the hotels in Vegas this is the most decent one. Everything isn't overly fabulous, which is nice every once in awhile, and it just is what it is.. The Monte Carlo doesn't try to be anything its not, and its perfect just the way it is. . The rooms are extremely decent. The food is extremely decent.. If you're going here for a turn around, or even just for a weekend trip, this is a good place to stay.. Not bad and not extremely good. But somewhere in the middle.. It's a good pick, and I would recommend it, it's just not my absolute favorite.
This hotel wasn't anything out of the ordinary, just your standard bed, and tv nothing else, coming from staying at the Aria, the monte carlo just doesn't hold up to it, for the price I paid, staying at the luxor was a lot better and cheaper. but the casino floor and fast food resturaunts were pretty close to the elevator to the rooms, ill give them that.
Based upon reviews on Yelp I was expecting to be disappointed by the Monte Carlo, but the price was right and I didn't plan on spending much time in the room anyways so I went ahead and chose to stay here.  I got there at night and check-in was a breeze.  No line and was in my room in around 10 minutes.. . The room itself was nothing special.  Modern decor and it was clean.  One complaint was the toilet in the bathroom sounded like a jet engine when flushing and when you turned on the water in the sink it would splash all over the place unless you were careful.  Another minor issue was that the room door wouldn't open at times and I would have to insert the key a half a dozen times or so to get it to open.  Kinda annoying but not a deal breaker.  There's no Wi-Fi available, but wired internet service is available and included in the $15 a day resort fee.  . . The casino is of decent size and during the day they have $5 blackjack tables which were nice.  At night the tables were $10 or higher.. . A plus to staying here is that there is a tram at the Monte Carlo which goes to the Aria, CityCenter and Bellagio.  It's nice to have when its 100 degrees outside.  The location on the strip is pretty good as well.  It's near the center and there's a CVS right next door and a Walgreens across the boulevard.
As Vegas goes, Monte Carlo is simple right smack in the middle of everything. Middle of the strip, middle of ratings, middle of food, middle of casinos.. . Nothing here really screams Monte Carlo, where I was expecting more of a Monaco/Southern France feel, with the pizazz of the world famous casino. Instead its just like every other casino and hotel on the strip. With the new CityCenter complex right next door, with all its sheen and glamor, this place sits in its shadow.. . Nonetheless, it is still a decent hotel to stay at, with all your desired amenities of a 4-star hotel. The casino staff are mild-mannered with nothing special. BUT what did annoy me was a $15 resort fee for guests, which might as well be incorporated within your cost, to use the amenities of the hotel. Oh well, Vegas is Vegas, can't really have a bad time!
Ambiance: Good. Room: Average. Service/Concierge: Good. Parking: free. Location: Good. . Well I got a very good rate due to the casino card. I was staying for a week and wanted get an upgrade to the Hotel 32 as it was long stay but unfortunately they don't have 2 beds in Hotel 32. I was initially given a room on the 4th floor facing the pool and guess what with all the pool party craze its not a good idea to face the pool and be on a lower floor as the music plays nonstop till 5-6PM. I was fortunate enough to have me moved to a higher floor. The rooms are clean but do need a revamp. The location is the reason I picked this hotel as it is dead central. The Food court is interesting as they have a whole bunch of chain places there. There is a Starbucks to you can get free WiFi if you want. Now for the restaurants I only tried out the Pub as it was the Basket Ball Playoffs. Like most places the drinks are expensive here and mojitos are ho hum. The beer selection is quite extensive. I enjoyed a pint here several times as it does get busy and the bar tenders are not very talkative and are quite busy. The pool is quite nice as they have wave pool and lazy river so its a good way to pass time. The place can get loud. There is a nice sandy beach volley ball area though not many people seem to enjoy it. The good part is you are connected via mono rail to Bellagio. With a dead central location if you are getting a deal I don't see a reason why one wouldn't stay here.
3 Stars.. . We walked into Monte Carlo feeling great but it took us at least 30 mins just to check in... pretty ridiculous!. . I give it 3 stars not for the room but for other things such as the location, ease of getting to other hotels, and the other hotel amenties.. . The hotel room itself needed serious help. I have been on plenty of cruises and the toilet flush reminded me of a cruise boat... loud and noisy!. . The bed was HARD and we were annoyed because we booked a king bed back in June and we came late August and had two beds! We had to wait until 3pm the next day to swap out. UGH! How annoying to drag all your stuff and move rooms.. . The internet was free but no wireless which was annoying. I never use desks in hotels, especially in Vegas so they really need to look into having a password system or something!. . The actual room amenties were yucky, the soap was hard, the water was hard coming out of the yucky shower head. The towels stunk and it was just all around not that great. Luckily for us we left the room more often than not.. . The buffet was just okay. The food was just okay for brunch... they do have unlimited mimosas for $2 extra but it wasnt quite worth it to me. The crab was the best thing there.. . Beware the $15 resort fee they charge you at checkout. Get what you can from it, use the pool! It was SO much fun with the DJ and I think they were having contests and things which was entertaining! . . The Brand Steakhouse night club was nice. You get hounded by so many people asking if you want to go, that we decided to check it out. Friday night was girls night I guess where everyone pays $20 cover but girls drink free. I love that you can exit and enter and come back after you gamble a bit. The music was great, a mix of hip hop and pop and house/techno. We danced quite a bit and felt that the $20 was worth it!. . The location was perfect! You can walk to New York New York and catch the tram all the way to Mandalay Bay or you can catch one to Aria and Crystals and Bellagio. You can walk basically to Ceasars without a cab or catch a cab and hit the other part of the strip.. . The other reason we had reservations here was because the really good show Jabbawockeez was playing here so we only had to get dressed and go downstairs, PLUS!. . We were so close to Planet Hollywood and the ABC store, UA theatre, Hard Rock and the little flea market to get little trinkets.. . Overall the location is what you pay for so if you dont intend on sleeping, stay there!
Pretty decent budget place to stay on the strip, where you pretty much get what you pay for. . . Good Points:. - The room was decent. It had a bed, blanket, shower, LCD TV, toilet. But then again, so does Motel 6..... - AC works well, which is nice when its hot all day and night outside. - Pool and fitness center were good. In fact, they give FREE BOTTLED WATER in the fitness center. Amazing!. - Perfectly located on the strip. Pretty much in the heart of it all. . - Whirlpool and sauna in the spa area are actually free for guests.. - Pretty quiet at night. No "noises" to wake us up..... - Seems like a relaxed, family friendly place. . . Bad Points:. - No wireless internet. Just an ethernet cord stapled to the wall coming up onto the desk. If you really want wireless, just bring your own router, or bring your own super long ethernet cord and plug it into the cable modem under the TV cabinet.. - The ad for Jabawookeez plays nonstop. Everywhere. All the time. . - While the room is decent, when you look closely there are issues. The wallpaper was peeling in some spots in the bathroom. The carpet seemed old. There is no fridge (but you can rent one for the low low price of $25/night!). The shower started to drain poorly by day 3. The sink makes a loud "glug" sound when it drains. Like it wants to eat your hands..... . There is also a distinct "Monte Carlo Smell": air freshener to cover the cig smoke ... plus the cig smoke. You always know when you are back. . . Anyway, I think on a budget, and if you dont plan to spend much time here, this place is fine. I wouldn't come to Vegas just to stay here or see this place.
Stayed the last weekend in August 2011.  Chose the Monte Carlo for the rate, they have a Starbucks, the lazy river and location on the strip.  We went for my daughters 21st birthday.  Used the free valet when we arrived, bellman took our bags and we went to check-in right at 3:00 pm.  I had requested 3 rooms together with 1 king and 2 double queens.  No king beds were available (cleaned) at our check in time and the closest they could get our rooms was 320, 324 and 332 down a hallway.  Bellman was very quick to bring our bags to our rooms and off we went.  We were trying to get out to the strip and couldn't find any signage to lead us in the right direction.  We made it eventually.  . . iHome in each room, nice TV, very comfortable beds.. . Rooms were average but I'd say ours hadn't been vacuumed, no wi-fi but there is a wired connection, hair dryers are in a bag inside the closet (had to call housekeeping about this).  . . Casino only serves Pepsi (YUCK) but fortunately there is a McDonald's in the food court where I could get Diet Coke.  . . Food Court was small but covers all bases:  Subway, Starbucks, Sbarro, Rubios and McDonald's (think I got those correct).  Line at Starbucks is LONG but there's a second Starbucks if you head towards the tram that goes to the Bellagio. . . The Buffet - kind of pricey and the food was average (pepsi only).  . . The Cafe - we had breakfast there and the food was good (pepsi only). . . The Pub - we went in for dinner at 9:00 pm on Saturday night to hear the dueling pianos.  We weren't very hungry and only ordered appetizers which were tasty.The place was not busy at all, the piano guys were asking for birthdays, anniversaries, etc so I wrote down it was my daughters 21st birthday with her name and put $3 or $4 dollars in the tip jar.  They never mentioned her even though they were begging for suggestions, etc.  I guess you need to hand the guy the money at the same time as the 'ticket' and if it's not enough money forget it they don't mention you.. . The Pool - is a very cramped area.  It was hard to find chairs but we walked around and saw a group leaving.  The "lazy river" is very small, you have to rent the tubes, or walk around the river and the water was cold.  We went in the bigger pool which was in the shade the whole time we were out there but was comfortable except for children running around. Never saw a waitress (11:30 am on a Saturday) so my sister went to the bar and it took 15-20 minutes to get a drink. . . We'd go back for a good deal and due to the location, especially since the beds were comfortable.
This was my first time at the Monte Carlo (like seriously.  Even when I was younger, we skipped the Monte Carlo because they didn't have any kid-friendly attractions), so I was pleasantly surprised.  My friend is a hustler (har har) so we were able to get a room for Labor Day weekend.. . The room:. A little outdated, but large and comfortable.  The toilet had a crack (i didn't do it!) and the shower head tried to blast all the skin off my body.  There was no refrigerator (boo having to drink warm Four Lokos... ok just kidding, we made our own fridge in the sink :P) and our room was the very end of a long hallway (but not as long a hallway as the Mirage, so still alright!).  It came with free wired internet (which we didn't use because seriously, who doesn't have a blackberry/iphone/smart phone by now?) and a binder that advertises the Lance Burton show (haha, didn't that thing get cancelled like 5-10 years ago?).  There was an ipod docking station and 2 phones (which were practically next to each other.  convenient, no?)  Our view was of the pool, which looked pretty awesome actually.  If my friend had brought swim shorts, we would've gone!. . The hotel:. Small strip of stores/restaurants in the "Boulevard of Dreams" or whatever its called.  A small food court which included Subway, Starbucks, Sbarros, Hagaan Daz, McDonalds, and some Chinese restaurant.  There were bars/restaurants scattered through the casino area.  Nothing crazy impressive, except for the minus 5 Ice Lounge (which was overpriced, but still awesome).  Bonus points for having a direct connection to the Aria and a tram that goes to Aria/Crystals and Bellagio/Vdara.. . Overall, its a great location to sleep in/pay little money for a room, but if you're shelling out big bucks, you might as well stay elsewhere.
We happened upon the Monte Carlo because of Priceline bidding.. . The lobby is very pretty and has that older style and class to it that my parents liked very much. The hotel has a really nice smell to it, not all smoky like other hotels. . . Rooms:. . - Older so there is normal wear and tear.. - Loud flushing toilet because of Las Vegas's high elevation. - Terrible toiletries -- not a very good quality at all. - TV has very limited channels and doesn't have my beloved Food Network. - Very soft bed, which was bad news for my back, which requires a firmer mattress. - The rooms (I had two -- one for me and my husband, the other for my in-laws) all smelled of stale cigarettes, even though we had non-smoking rooms. I'm assuming it's because some jerks smoked anyway or because the smoke traveled through the vents. - Great view of the pools and part of the strip. - Showers are OLD.. . Pool:. . Better attractions than most hotels. There was a wave pool, a lazy river, a regular pool, and a smaller kiddie pool (maybe it was a jacuzzi -- I didn't get in that pool to verify). The pools are a lot smaller than the pools (including the wave pool and lazy river) at other hotels, particularly the similar pools at Mandalay Bay. Towels are a bit old and run down. Very small bar. and "gift/pool shop.". . Hotel/Casino/Buffet:. . Eh, the buffet was okay, but there are much better places to eat to your heart's content in Vegas.. . The casino itself is really small and is a lot smaller than other hotels' casinos on the strip. There weren't a lot of slot machines or card tables. There is a poker room, though, so that was nice.. . The food court is really small, and there was nothing special. . . LOVED, LOVED, LOVED the tram to Bellagio/Aria. You can also walk to Aria without going outside. Big pluses. . . I'm not sure if we'll stay here again, because it is a bit off-center of the strip, but having a tram to Bellagio makes it okay. Also, there are a lot of great hotels on the strip, but this place is a pretty great deal if you're in a pinch or need a place at the last minute. It's a lot better than Luxor or Excalibur, so I'd definitely stay here over those hotels.
Good hotel. Pricey. Rather stay at Venetian. However the Spa upgrade would be great, but they didn't have any for me as they were all booked. My aunt had it and the room was amazing. . The pool was WAY too crowded... And don't waste $ renting the tubes.. $10 to rent $12 to buy, much better to buy them. I feel it's worth the extra $ to go to Venetian
This was my first time staying here.  It had reasonable rates and the location was good, so I thought why not.. . The rooms are not that nice, out dated and I hated having to stare at the ironing board leaning against the wall.  They missed cleaning the room on the first day, but sent someone up after I called.  The pools are nice but small, it was not too crowded since we were there mid-week, I would hate to see it on a busy day.. . If you are doing Vegas on a budget, this is a good choice.
3 stars but I will still never stay here again!  The rooms need updating, the hotel itself was nothing special, and the restaurants were very average.  Also, the pool was extremely loud and crowded. The pool chairs were so close together I would have been more comfortable in a coach seat on US Airways. I finally left their pool and walked to MGM to use their's. I couldn't wait to check out!
i'm rating em based on my casino experience.. i think monte carlo is smart to have lower limit on the table games.. the inside.. is so average.. casino doesn't look appealing but hey! its a casino.. no matter how it looks like, u still throw money in there.. lol lost a lot there.. but i think i enjoyed my experience meeting up with the friendly dealers.. the people who play there are friendly and nice too.. it was great.. oh and i played in front of dancing bimbos.. they have great butts.. worth checking.. :D they moved em a lot too.. so for guys who like butts.. i think u can go try to check it out.. play blackjack in front of moving butts.. . . oh.. its minus 2 stars coz the club is located right inside the casino.. and its friggin loud!! the songs are pretty bad too.. and oh.. the dancing chix place also have another music.. they're not better.. horrible choices of music.. . . otherwise, if u win, and the music is better.. monte carlo is fine.. i guess..
Came here for the weekend since it was pretty cheap, $100 a night. There are some crappy things, but some bonus things about this place. Let's start with the bad. The check in counter, there's no single line. You just stand behind a person that's being helped. and everyone follows. So you can be outta luck if the person in front of you is taking FOREVER. the room. nothing fancy, but the beds and pillows were comfy, definite plus. The room though, omg...you can hear EVERYTHING. i mean ive been to hotels where the walls are thin, but because of the connector door, we could hear everything from the next room. Sunday morning, I could hear the football game's play by play going on next door. Ridiculous. The bathroom has no fan, so you can hear everything as well, and the toilet flusher makes a crazy loud noise. Overall, the room was whatevers, but at least the key thing was the beds and pillows were comfortable, but I just couldnt enjoy it with all the noises outside. Another negative thing is the elevators are quite slow, and don't seem to come and go as often. . . Casino is decent. I didn't imagine them to have such a big one, and some decent lounges and restaurants inside. However, if you play slots, cocktail waitresses DO NOT come around. And every single one I encountered (one time I had to walk around and find one myself) are all MEAN. Their M Life players club line...there's only one person tending to guests. I tried waiting in line 3 different times, and even with only one person in line, it took DAYS. i probably could've gotten a lot of points on my first day but with no card, no luck. . . The pool looks so janky, and they have a lazy river that my friend enjoyed the first 5 minutes. . . The best part is the food court, which is critical in any hotel. McDonalds, Sbarro, and Subway are open 24 hours, WAHOO! and the McDonald's has the $1 menu and mini meals, which is a definite plus. Pizza and fast food are the main staples of food after a hard night of drinking. . . Other than that, it was an okay stay, nothing fancy, but got the job done.
I stayed at the Monte-Carlo for 3-comped night for the first time in years during my September visit to LV. Check-in was decent considering we were visiting on a weekend, and because our room wasn't ready once we arrived, they gave us a food voucher so we could grab a late lunch. Nice touch Monte-Carlo!. . Let's start with the negatives. The pool. I read people raving about the pool, but I just don't see it. The lounge chairs look old and grimy, like they haven't had a good cleaning since the beginning of the season. That, and the chairs are laid out quite awkwardly, all bunched together, so you can't slide into your seat, you can only approach from the foot of the chair, really odd. We didn't receive any service, no drinks, nothing, but maybe that was because is was already labour day?. . The casino and the hotel is old. Is that a negative? For me, no, for someone else, it might be. I don't go to Vegas to spend the day in my hotel room, so my expectations are low. Yes, I love a luxurious room, but that won't break my visit. All I ask for is a clean room, a TV that works, and a comfortable bed. I got all that, so I was happy with it.. . Overall, this is not the best hotel on the strip, but for location, price, and service, it is exactly A-OK in my books!
I've watched all those shows on the Travel Channel. "Vegas AFTER DARK!" "Vegas: A VIP Tour!" "Vegas Gives You a Handjob and then Bakes You Cookies (But Only After Vegas Washes Its Hands First.)"  It all looks so glamorous, so sparkly. Neon dreams washing over doe-eyed faces; the visuals alone are worth the price of admission. . . What no one ever mentions, though, are....the smells. Perfume, cigarettes, urine, Axe Body Spray, cigarettes...um, what is that? Chinese food? Oh, and the cigarettes. Each hotel and casino has its own scent, depending on its age and clientele. Binions, downtown, smelled of menthols and Ben Gay. Traces of suntan lotion, Axe Body Spray and Pall Malls wafted through the Excalibur while the Imperial Palace reeked of Virginia Slims and despair.. . This brings me to the Monte Carlo. The Monte Carlo is a middle-range hotel, by Strip standards. While not as dismal as that time I stayed at The IP (Room 13, natch), it's not as high-end as Aria or the Bellagio or wherever George Clooney goes to get his penis washed. However, Monte Carlo's location is nice. It's centrally located (relatively speaking) and the free tram to Aria and the Bellagio is a big help for weary footsies.. . And the smell?  It was somewhere between Windex and Marlboro Reds. Actually, no. It leaned more towards the Marlboro Reds, especially in my room. Yeah, we requested a non-smoking room, but it still smelled like 1967 in there. We should've immediately requested another room, but after quickly dropping off our bags and then going full tilt that first day, it wasn't until the Day One Vegas buzz wore off that we noticed that we had just bunked up Joe Camel's asshole. The smoke permeated everything, from the sheets to the towels.. . We lived with it. The wife scored a candle from a friend and that helped. . . Other than that, the room was ok. It was nothing special, but nothing horrible either. The wave pool was empty, which disappointed us a bit. The "lazy river" looked uninspired from our perch waiting for the Bellagio tram, though admittedly, we didn't look closer than that. The check-in clerk was adorably perky and helpful. The price wasn't bad either. Oh and I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the showerhead. That thing was like being pressure washed every morning which, for most people vacationing in Las Vegas, is probably necessary. It sounds like I'm complaining about the showerhead, but I'm not. The showerhead was easily one of my top three favorite things about Las Vegas and that includes my outrageously expensive meal at Jose Andres' e'. In all, I would've given the Monte Carlo 4 stars were it but for the smoke.. . Damn you, you smokers. This is why we can't have nice things.
Stayed here for one night last weekend. The only issue I had was that when we went to check in there was no designated line to wait in. Everyone kinda waited for an individual person at the check-in area. The guy we were waiting on decided to wait until he finished helping the person in front of us to tell us he was closed. This left only one person open and it took forever to check in.. . Other than that, the price was reasonable and the room was pretty good. Nothing great, but not bad either. Location on the strip is pretty good too, close to the middle, exactly where we wanted to be.
The hotel needs to be updated. The bathroom wall paper was peeling at the bottom corner. I had the urged to buy superglue and fix it but I figure, I"ll make a mess out of it if I touched it. The hallway carpets needed to be washed and cleaned. The elevator interiors cried to be repainted or replace. . The check in clerks were not helpful or even make the effort to be. I was really disappointed in the service there. I had better service at MGM. However, the casino area manager, Bill, was really polite and courteous. Overall, if you needed a place to stay and not too shabby in Vegas, this is the place for you.
This place is just another hotel in a casino. First the positives, the rooms are located near the lobby, so no walking through the casino everytime you leave or go back to the room. Also the pool is conveniently located near the lobby. It was a nice room. The restaurants are top notch. Now the bad, they messed up our room reservation, and wouldn't do anything to make it right. The wave pool wasn't working, the sun doesn't shine over all the pool area. They push their night club on everyone nonstop. I don't think I will stay here again, coming to Vegas I wanted a 5 star feel out of our stay here, we have stayed at many other mgm properties and this was a first time I couldn't give 4 stars or better.
This place was o.k.  Went there on a business trip and got told that that even though I reserved a King Bed they were in fact "First Come First Serve" and if I wanted one I would have to stay in a smoking room.  That wasn't pleasant at all. . . I've stayed a few places on the strip and for whatever reason this place just didn't wow me much.  Not terrible, just not great.
There are two advantages to the Monte Carlo:. . 1) It has a tram which will connect you to nicer hotels. . 2) Their food court has a Rubio's and a Starbucks.. . Other than that, it is at the same level as Excalibur, Luxor, and Harrah's. Hotwire classifies this hotel as a 4 star, which is NOT accurate. It is definitely a 3 star. Their gym and spa is decent, but it's not that nice. Also, another reviewer accurately described this hotel as smelling "like burning hand lotion." The newer casinos have better ventilation so they don't have to have that overpowering smell, but the Monte Carlo tries to cover it up with an extremely intense potpourri scent. . . If you get a good deal, stay here...it's close enough to many amenities center strip, but if the price difference between staying hereand say, Paris is just a few dollars, I would go for the pricier option.
Picking a Vegas resort is a tricky business.  You want really nice (Bellagio/Wynn) but you don't want to REALLY pay for it.  So you surf around for deals and such.. . If you're new to Vegas, you might find the Monte Carlo awesome.   In isolation to itself.  I mean, compared to a Hampton Inn, it's absolutely big and beautiful, right?  . . But compared to other similar casinos on the strip, it's merely another boomerang from above shaped three tower hotel.  The Mirage has dolphins and greenery, and Treasure Island has some kind of pirate/slutty theme, but the Monte Carlo is just --. . -- the Monte Carlo.  . . It lacks that WOW factor.  It lacks a Cirque show like its sister MGM properties.  It used to have Lance Burton, who I thought was a highway billboard joke until I finally saw his great show and realized he one of the few reasons left to make the Monte Carlo a destination.  And Lance is gone now.. . My one night at the Monte Carlo was memorable enough to ensure I'd never return.  No nightmare, really, just two simple things that went really wrong:. . 1.  The toilets are UNBELIEVABLY loud.  I don't care about that in my room so much, but early in the morning I heard every last toilet in the place flush.  Silly me, I wanted to sleep past 6 AM.  It was a God awful issue and something that never replicated in the Mirage and Caesars.  Little sleep = ruined vacation day.  Is it really worth saving $50 or so a night for that?. . 2.  It took almost 40 minutes for the valet to retrieve our car.  And not just our car.  Everyone was standing around -- freezing to death -- waiting for their cars.  Why?. . And so, as always in Vegas, cheaper rates result in cheaper services.  When I walk through this hotel, I notice lots of cheap eats.  The good side is that you're not paying a fortune to eat.  The bad news is that it's McFood which you can eat anywhere... and so why come all the way to Vegas for a McRib?. . The Monte Carlo -- in a nutshell --  is an affordable McResort.
Used to be a BIG fan of this place but unfortunately I cannot say I would go out of my way to stay here anymore.. . City Center has really affected the standard for Las Vegas hotels.  I will also credit Wynn as well.  Both sides of the spectrum are represented.  City Center = Modern or hip and Wynn = Elegance and warmth.. . There is nothing wrong with this hotel per say.  It is simply just average.  The customer service has severely slipped here over the last couple of years.  I truly believe the only reason they keep their rooms full or semi full is based on their location.  they are almost dead center of the strip and have easy access to Aria.. . The rooms have received some upgrades and start out clean but we had an issue where we knew the housekeeper had not wiped off the toilet seat on our second night.  HUGE no no if you want a good review from me.  Two things a hotel has to do for me to earn a high rating.  Personal attention and clean rooms.  My two biggest rating categories for a hotel.  . . P.S. Horrible Wifi too.  It will work for a few minutes then shut off.  . . I have stayed here numerous times in the past and when I checked in, not even a welcome back Brian.  WOW, really Monte Carlo?
I have stayed at the Monte Carlo in the past and found it nice and conveniently located, which is why, when they were having a special, I booked a weekend there again. However, as we unpacked our bags, we found that the previous guest left several shirts in the drawers. This sullied the whole stay for me because it led me to question whether their housekeeping staff was really doing a good job. They moved us to a comparable room, but I wasn't really satisfied after that. In addition, the hotel pretty much shuts down after 10pm in contrast to other hotels that are bustling into the wee hours.  If I had to stay here again, I would because it wasn't awful, but I will always look for another option after this trip.. . One saving grace: free "tram" (really a monorail) to the Bellagio. This saved us a lot on transportation costs.
This is the first hotel i ever stayed in when I turned 21 and came to Vegas. . It's in a pretty good location but other ten that there isn't much to draw you to this hotel. There are no good bars, restaurants here so it really is just a place to get ready.
Our room was average, cleaned with comfy beds. The only thing was the walls were too thin where you can hear your neighbor's conversation and tv.
The Monte Carlo seems to be the step-child casino of the MGM Resorts. I have experienced the casino quite a few times and I have seen one of the rooms as well. So, I think I have a good idea of the casino and can truthfully review it in full capacity.. . As for the casino itself - a solid 3 stars. Is it grand? No. Is it a crap-hole? No. It's an all right casino floor and it comes with a skanky party pit where half naked girls dance post 5 PM. . . Directly off the casino floor is a food court - easy to find. The food court has a Rubio's, which is basically awesome (for me anyway) and the other typical fast-food places. There's also an area of shopping, and located in this area is The Pub, a place I have not tried, but have been tempted to. There are few restaurants. Honestly the only one I can say I have been in is the Italian place (can't recall the name). They put on a nice banquet at the event I caught the tail end of and the servers were polite and patient.. . The rooms? Better than some strip properties I've seen, but definitely not ranking too high up there. It's a moderately decent room, with the basic amenities. I have not seen their suites, so I cannot comment.. . The parking situation is all right. I have had no problem finding the garage, which is located behind the casino, but some might have some issues if they've never been to the Monte Carlo before. Best thing to do is to get a spot on the floor the has the walkway into the casino. This plops you right down into the hotel's front desk area.. . Overall the Monte Carlo is dancing a fine line between mediocrity and decent casino/hotel. Would I go out of my way to go here? No. But I wouldn't be against going here if I had a specific reason.
OK!
I stayed here a few times in the past, and didn't have any real problems, but like Lily J said - the walls are THIN.  Maybe even the space between the door and the floor are to far apart too, because I distinctly remember always hearing people talking as they walked pass.. . Other than that; it's in a good location on the strip, with decent rooms, the staff were nice (from what I remember).  I've had a few meals at their cafe and pub - both places had pretty good food.  I recently had drinks in the bar downstairs of Andre's, which was nice - friendly bartender and delicious pours!
You get what you pay for, yet I wish you could get the basic needs. This place doesn't provide a mini fridge, tea kettle, coffee maker even less a microwave, so you are forced to spend all you pennies buying street food. Also the carpets are pretty old and stinky. Our faucet didn't work, we complained and the next day it was fixed.. The plusses were: silent after midnight, so you can sleep pretty well :) and pretty close to everything as well. . Wouldn't mind going back but would check other options first.
We came to the Monte Carlo hoping to get a deal on a room + the Jabbawockeez show. As it turned out, the rooms were cheap. . . We walked into the hotel the night we wanted to stay there and ended up with a Monaco Suite for about $70. This room was about 700 ft. and had one and a half bath. The room layout was a little odd so it felt as though the space wasn't being used the most effectively. The room came with a flat screen TV but was placed a good 15+ feet away from the bed so it looked really small. Our view was rather horrendous being mostly the roof of the casino and just a little bit of the strip. As far as other Yelper's comments about traveling sound, we didn't once hear a neighbor or someone walking in the halls (and we were right next to the elevator). The other reviews are accurate regarding the rooms being, ah, aromatic. The wired internet would not work at all but the wifi was solid. The room seemed clean enough. It was simply a one night stay and it isn't really like I plan to spend all that much time in my room anyway. There are much better things to do in Vegas.. . We didn't check out the spa. Which I rather wished we had since the fee it automatically added. We were actually looking to get the spa suite but they were all booked for the night.. . The Jabbawockeez show (MUS I C) was a lot of fun. We got a 15% discount since we stayed in the hotel. It wasn't a great deal but I appreciate any discount willingly given.. . The casino floor seemed to me to be on the small side. There were a decent amount of slot machines but not a ton of tables. We were hoping that maybe they had two sets of tables, but after walking from one end of the casino to the other, we realized we would have to make due with what we saw. All of the staff was friendly. The players card works for all MGM casinos so I was able to still use the one from when I stayed at the Mirage. . . I did win $500 at one of the Wheel of Fortune machines. Does this have anything to do with the Monte Carlo Casino itself? No. BUT I GOT TO WIN $500! That is bound to color any trip just a little bit better! =)
The first time I went to Vegas I stayed at The Plazzo so having to stay at the Monte Carlo is just plain depressing. I booked two rooms for a pretty cheap price and each room came with two beds, the average bathroom, safe, flat screen TV with about 30 channels and a small closet. There was no fridge, microwave or coffee machine, boo. I also hated the body wash and shampoo they had, it made my skin and hair super dry. . . Anyways, we stayed on the 7th floor not too close to the elevator and sound wasn't an issue. The location isn't bad at all as it's on the strip and the tram that connects from this hotel will take you to the Bellagio until 4 AM which is pretty helpful in the winter. Even though we stayed in the winter, I was charged the "resort fee" for each room for every day we stayed which ended up being an additional $150 at the end. This was pretty irritating as we didn't use any of the amenities. The casino downstairs is pretty small, the cocktail waitresses took forever on our drink orders and there are very few boutiques for shopping located in this hotel. I'm definitely spending more money to stay somewhere else nicer next time I'm in sin city.
it was ok, just an ok place. but there is not hair drier in the room. and took a long time to check in.
I got a deal from Priceline but it's still expensive for what it's worth.  The guest room that we are in is really no different than what you might get at three star hotel.  The front desk and and receptionist aren't too friendly. The check-in process was disorganized. The room itself is older.  There is limited furniture and you can hear everyone in the hall.  The bed is comfortable though with clean sheets and a comforter that gets washed just as often. . . The first room we were assigned to the key cards didn't work and people were making all sorts of crazy noise at noon across from us.  They moved us to another floor with working key cards.  The elevator setup seems efficient to regulate flow of traffic and the rooms are spaced well from the elevator. . . The best perk about the room is the semi-large flat screen TV and the pretty bathroom tiles. The water pressure is very strong, too.  There is also a nice magnifying mirror, but in general the bathroom is small. . . Major cons are small room and bathroom size, dated look, marked up walls, old furniture, no ice bucket, no fridge, no water heater, limited sink space.. . There are a lot of on-site amenities... restaurants, food courts, and more. Also, this hotel is directly next to 24 hour CVSand Walgreens if you need anything. . . We are only here one night in December.  We didn't use the pools.  I remember being here about 9 years ago and I liked the pools. Looks like the decor hasn't changed since then.. . Also, the WiFi is spotty.  My iPad didn't pick up any connection but my MBP did.. . We leave tomorrow night. I may write when our stay is finished. As of now my opinion is that it's a decent hotel, but more of a 3-star quality and overpriced for what it's worth.
I got a really great deal on this hotel considering I was visiting Las Vegas during Thanksgiving week.  So once my husband and I had checked in, we dropped our bags off to our room and were on our way.  The best thing about this hotel is its proximity to everything.  It's in a great location, you can take a tram to the Bellagio and walk the other part of the strip, and the rooms don't take a thousand years to walk to after a long day.  . . We didn't return until late that evening.  After a day of travel and shopping, all I was looking forward to was a nice hot shower and getting  a good night's sleep.  However, I started noticing little things that began to bother me.  First, the shower drain was clogged and the carpet looked as if it hadn't been vacuumed thoroughly.  Then, the drinking glass was dirty.  Now, I was willing to overlook the glass, and I figured I'd let housekeeping know in the morning about the shower, but then when I sat on the bed, I started to form a rash on my wrists.  Finally, when I pulled the covers back from the bed, I noticed strands of hair on the bed. . . My husband called the front desk and they immediately switched our rooms.  The next room was on a higher floor and A LOT cleaner than the previous room.  The biggest hassel was moving all our luggage and shopping bags at 1 am.  . . I guess sometimes it's hit or miss.
Stayed here during New Years.  Besides the price, our experience was positive overall.  . . Check in was pretty quick - we got there before the rush (about 10:30 AM).  Valet was pretty efficient.  Bell service was fine.  The place was clean.  Awesome spot on the strip to watch fireworks at midnight during New Years.  I also liked the fact that there were fast food restaurants inside the casino - I like having this option after a hard night of partying.
It's alright I guess.. . No microwave or mini fridge in the room but there is HDTV.. . Showers are much better here than my last stay at MGM Grand.. . The casino level wasn't large compared to other hotels.. . Free internet access.. . A/C wasn't working very well.. . Cheaper prices than most hotels on the strip.. . You get what you pay for.. . So three stars will do.
An older mgm property that has been recently renovated. Is at a good location located next to city center. Reasonably priced rooms for deluxe acommodations and fair restaraunts.
Decent value, older style room with no extras.  Bed and bathroom were good.  The pool was nice (two of them one was a wave pool)  I like the river channel concept. Would stay again if the hotel was part of a package.
You know, this place ain't bad. I like its semi-central location on the strip. I like that there's a tram to the Bellagio. The rooms are OK; there's no fridge and I couldn't connect to the wi-fi for the life of me, but in Vegas, I'm just wandering about anyway.  Plus, we stayed 2 nights here over the weekend for only about 180 bucks! . . As long as there's a clean bed, I'm good to go. Plus, the service here was ridiculously nice - every time we asked for something (which was a lot for a group of girls),  we got it promptly and with a smile. . . Major plus - the FOOD COURT. It had Sbarro's, McD's, Starbucks, Rubio's, and some others.  Someof the cheapest stuff on the strip. Open 24 hours which is PERFECTION after a night at the club.
Stayed here on a Sunday night and got a really good rate.. . The location of this hotel can't be beat. Just south of City Center and north of New York New York. There is also a free tram to and from the Belagio, which was nice. If they ever connect the Excalibur tram to this one and throw in a stop at New York New York, you could really get around the west side of the strip without having to worry about being run over by a taxi driver!. . Quality of the room was better than average. Typical hotel level. There are much nicer rooms out there for sure, but you'd have to pay a few dollars more for them.. . Casino was large and the other players were very friendly. Cocktail service was slow.. . Pools were closed when I was there so I couldn't rate them, but I could see from my hotel room that there was a small wave pool and an even smaller lazy river.. . Didn't eat anything here so cannot comment on food options, but they seemed to be fairly typical. Nothing called to me at all.
I wasn't expecting much out of this hotel, I am not sure why. . . I guess it just flew below the radar for me as far as hotel options go. But we found a great deal, and decided to go for a friend's birthday weekend.. . The hotel staff was ultra friendly. The hotel is clean, the hallways are a bit old (carpet) and not so clean but they weren't too bad.. . The little club/lounge called Brand, downstairs actually played good music, and the food at the buffet, not too shabby.. . They have some fun slots here, like the Crazy Olives and the Lord of the Rings game.. . Overall, I like the hotel and was pleasantly surprised:)
Monte Carlo is the definition of average. They do some things well, but overall nothing memorable. Sometimes on Yelp a 3 is a 3.5 or 2.5 but this is a solid 3.00, but that's not always a bad thing!. . They have a normal food court! People love to go to Vegas party it up, live like rock stars splurge on bottles, clubs, dinners. But at some point cheap and easy is needed. They have a food court with Mcdonald's and Subway and some other fast food. . . At 5 in the morning, when I'm getting back from a casino or club I really don't want to go to a SUPER over priced cafe which will charge me $15 for nachos or an omelette just because choices are limited. Good Job Monte Carlo! When I stay at Aria I definitely walk 1 hotel over to Monte Carlo for a quick bite.. . Casino, basic pretty standard, they have enough tables and machines for their customer base. reasonable minimums for their price range too. . . Rooms are standard, nothing fancy or memorable.. . They send a good amount of comps too. I've had some weekends where other hotels in its class were full or expensive, and they sent me free comps for that weekend. . . From several stays there, I can recall 1 incident where the front desk took about 25 minutes to check me in, when there was no one else in front of me... they just had no one at the desk. That wasn't too fun.. . I haven't seen the Jabbawockeez show so I can't speak on that, but I'm sure it's fall of nice choreography.. . If you want to spend a lot of your trip at Aria or Cosmo but don't want to pay the price to stay there, Monte Carlo is a great option to stay at and save some money on cab fare.
Here's the deal with the Monte Carlo, they are a nice hotel for what you pay. . If you want to pay more, you will get more, that is how Vegas works with everything. If you want to pay on average $150 per night, get a prime location towards the center of the strip and not be staying in a crap-hole, then this is the hotel for you.. Don't be the person that pays $150 a night in Vegas and then puts outrageous expectations on it. That is just unfair.. Everything here is nice. You've got a good food-court with normal/familiar places, ie..Starbucks, Subway & McDonalds.. You've got normal hotel rooms, although I do think the beds could be softer.. And you've got a normal casino that is a bit smoky and a bit underlit.. The location is really great, and who doesn't love a wave pool and lazy river at their doorstep (although it was a little too chilly on our visit).. We'll probably stay here next time we go, again, the location is the key to this hotel.
just got back from Vegas this morning and just had to post my review. got there Monday morning, 15 minutes BEFORE check in (3pm) and they told us our room wasn't ready. when i asked when it would be, he said it'd be anywhere from now (2:45pm) til 5pm & they said they'd call me when our room was ready. Uh wtf? whats the point of having a check in & check out time then? so whatever, we waited around and by 4:45 no one called me yet so i called them. they said "oh yeah your room is ready & waiting for you." uhhh okay? so we went to our rooms, we stayed at the Spa Suite & no doubt, it was beautiful. once we were unpacked & settled, a private number called my cell & told me our room was ready. (really? a little too late there buddy). . so all in all, just because of that, i do  give this place 3 stars. Last time I went, we stayed at MGM & their shit was on point. & we didn't even stay at a suite or anything.
Despite not having much luck gambling at the casino, I would gladly stay here again.  It is a nice value pick with a great location on the Strip.  Not as trashy as Excalibur or Circus Circus, but not nearly as flashy as the Cosmopolitan, Aria, or the Bellagio.  For value for the money, the hotel at Monte Carlo is a good pick.  Easily accessible by tram to Aria and Bellagio, but a slightly more convoluted route to the Cosmopolitan.  Only restaurant I ate at there was Diablo which was good but priced for the Las Vegas Strip.  The bartender by the sports book, Scott, was one of the friendliest and promptest I've had anywhere in Vegas.
Not sure why this is a 4 star... But got 3 nights for 250 so I was pretty happy for what I got for the money we spent. The shower was small and water didn't come out hard enough to wash my hair..... Kinda annoying. Other than that it was okay. Just like a days in. I am happy tho.
Review for casino only:. . I have always enjoyed the Monte Carlo although it seems like it could use an interior facelift.  I like the newer garage, but the walk from there to the casino is a long one.. . Cocktail service was excellent last night.  She was around probably 5 times in 45 minutes and she asked each time she came back.
Stayed on the 30th floor in room 233. Don't stay that high if you are scared of heights! The room was a good size with 2 queen size beds. A small table in the corner, table between the beds, flat screen Samsung TV, closet with ironing board-iron-hangers, two chairs, and a larger dresser. The room has a Keurig machine but the coffee is gross.. . You can hear the people in the rooms next to you.. . Maid service daily and everyone seemed very friendly. . . The casino offers a range of things and there are several restuarants you can choose from. There is also a food court with fast food items for sale, plus the hotel gift shop. . -Breakfast Buffet/ Wide range of options. I had scrambled eggs, potato pancake, bacon, powdered sugar pastry, cheesecake, choc. cake, (((Dining credit for the price of 2 people when I booked on VEGAS.COM))) $$. -Cafe/ Good if you just want to eat and not think about where to go. I got a Chicken sandwhich and french fries. The waitress said the potato chips were not good/tasty. $. -Room Service/ The woman brought in our order and explained everything she brought-complimentary water without asking a +!  (Philly Cheesesteak-not very good/ & kind of bland. The french fries were cold and somewhat soggy) Wish I had ordered something else. $$$. -Dragon Noodle Company/ Sits facing casino floor and I asked for a table so my BF could watch the female dancer (I'm such a good GF). We ordered the lettuce wraps - similar to the ones at P.F. Changs & scallop noodles. I liked both. The best part-Asahi beer on tap! $$. -Rubio's @ Food Court- Ordered a Chicken burrito and it was pretty big. Free chips if you ask. The burrito wasn't the best but it hit the spot and tasted okay. $. . . The show featured here is Jawbowakees, guys in white masks dancing, so you may see them walking around outside-I did!. . The concierge desk was helpful and gave more than enough information everytime I interacted with them-great job! I ended up buying tickets to KA @ MGM Grand---see my review for that later.. . I also utilized bell services & valet and things were always done quickly and with very good service. . . My check-out went smoothly and we waited about 10 minutes in line.. . I would definately stay here again.
So I came here on a deal through some random website I can't remember. The price was outstanding so I figured, why not? . . Interestingly enough when we checked in we got charged a "resort" fee. Really?! Funny, because there is nothing "resorty" about this place when the pool and outdoor area is closed down for construction. That just sat with me wrong but I have no idea if other hotels on the strip also charge this fee...but I'm guessing it's a new trend.. . Hotel is in a great location right in the middle of the strip across from NY NY. It's an older hotel/casino and it shows...but really who cares when you're in Vegas and can walk to pretty much anything or hop in a cab.
This place is getting a little old, but it's still a pretty decent hotel. I love that it's conveniently located on the strip. You can get to pretty muchevery hotel with out much effort and it's super easy to park here. I also appreciate that the lobby is non smoking and that I don't have to walk through the smoky casino in order to get to the lobby or my room.
good location, likely good rates (location-wise), and convinient tram to the Aria/CityCenter and Bellagio...wouldn't necessary stay there again, but i wouldn't not stay there again either. pretty standard!
Just stayed here for my first visit ever to Vegas with 2 of my other friends. All girls. I have travelled all over the world and everyone always has things that bug them. Monte Carlo is very plain nothing spectacular. If this was in the middle of anywhere you would think this place is amazing but for vegas and from what I have seen in other vegas hotels just from wandering around... plain is the word. The look from the outside at night is beautful and it is also very pretty during the day. The sculptures and detail outside are nice. The staff is friendly and quite helpful. The rooms were you know decent, bed were comfortable we never watched tv cuz we were either drunk or out. There is no wireless for free, the shower wasnt so great hot water was scarce. I noticed other ppl had fridges we didnt.  One thing that did bug me was a "resort" fee we had to pay per person upon check out... I didnt get that .. we paid to stay there why did i have to pay a resort fee.... big fail on that!. . We ate at Diablos and had the margaritas. Upon reading the reviews we really didnt have any complaints like many others did. The staff was friendly we were seated right away and prices were reasonable. The food was decent and margaritas were great 12 bucks a pitcher. Left there drunk lol. . . NOW we recieved complimentary buffett .. since there were 3 of us 2 of us were free and it was 12 bucks extra per person for unlimited champagne which we took advatnage of. I think it is completely worth it. The food isnt amazing but it is decent its a nice way to fill up on food and booze for cheap .... . . In reality the location of Monte Carlo is awesome .. would I stay here again? Probably not because I have now seen what other hotels look like and offer from wandering around Vegas. . . Would I reccomend it ? sure if the price is right and you cant stay anywhere else in the middle of the strip for that price.
The Monte Carlo is one of the older "classic" hotels on the North Strip and it could definitely use an upgrade.  . . The lobby is definitely missing the wow factor that you get when you step into some of the other hotels. The rooms are decent enough but pale in comparison to the newer hotels on the Strip.  The size of the bathroom was adequate and the bed was really comfy.  We also received two complimentary buffet passes when we checked in and they could be used at a couple different buffets.. . The staff was friendly but the check in desk needs some sort of organization - it literally is a free for all the way that it's set up now.. . The best thing about the Monte Carlo is the tram that connects it to City Center and the Bellagio, and it's F-R-E-E.. . Rooms can be on the inexpensive side, wait for a deal.
All in all, not a bad place to stay.  My BF and I got a great weekend vacation package deal through Travelocity for the Monte Carlo, and we don't really have any complaints, except..... . There is no Wi-Fi in this hotel.  You can get free WIRED internet in your room, but we had an iPad with us, so that didn't matter.  The receptionist at the desk told us that there should have been a cable in our room for us to use, but we didn't see one.  Again, however, that didn't matter because we had a tablet.. . Also, you pay a $20 resort fee per day when you stay here which is supposed to include the newspaper, and use of the fitness and business centers.  Since we did not have internet in our room, we used the computer in the business center to print out a coupon for dinner that we wanted to use.  To our surprise, we had to pay $1 PER MINUTE for usage of the internet, and an additional $1.50 per page that we printed.  So, usage of the business center is NOT actually included in the resort fee.  . . To their credit, when we brought this to the attention of the receptionist at check-out, she did offer to take $10 off towards the resort fee total for the inconvenience (and misleading information).. . Other than that, I can't complain about our stay.  The place was clean and is conveniently located on the Strip.  It's not "fancy-schmancy" like some of the other resorts, but hey...if all you need is a clean place to crash at the end of the night, it's a fine hotel.
All the reviews on this hotel are spot on and I will say that I, too had water pressure issues.  The shower was awful.. . Also, during my stay there were issues with the mechanics of the door lock; it just wouldn't open when I slid the key in.  I had to try to unlock it about 10x to even get a green flashing "SUCCESS, Open says me!" sign.  I know it wasn't just the effects of too much alcohol one night as even the maid had issues and the three other women who stayed in the room with me did as well. . . I didn't leave the MC thinking I'd like to return.  It just seemed like a regular place to stay with serious water issues they need to address.  Also, I felt as if the Monte Carlo wants to give off the impression they are a cool place to stay while in Vegas.  They aren't.
I stayed at Monte Carlo in 2008 and my experience was OUTSTANDING. So, I decided to stay here again in August of 2011 and it was not nearly as good. In 2008, we were able to bring water to the pool area and you know it gets to be over 100 degrees every day in the summer. We were also able to bring our own flotation devices for the lazy river. HOWEVER, in 2011, they do not allow hotel patrons to bring in their own drinks OR flotation devices. I wish I would have known that in advance, because I went out of my way to get really awesome floaties for myself and the group, but we were not able to use them. Not to mention the pool area service was much slower in 2011 and the prices for the cabana's have skyrocketed, even though I am a Pearl M Life Member. So, going from bringing your own water, flotation devices and affording a cabana to NONE of that, really is not cool. The hotel accommodations are the same with the exception of the maid carts sticking around much longer throughout the day than 3 years ago. I returned to Vegas shortly after that and stayed at Mandalay Bay and the pool area WILL allow you to bring your own flotation devices and water to the pool. If you are looking to spend a lot of time by the pool, I recommend staying somewhere other than Monte Carlo.
This hotel gets three stars for two simple reasons - price and location.. . I stayed in this hotel for a business meeting. I know we got a good price on the rooms. The rooms themselves were standard for a mediocre hotel -- basic bed, average bathroom, coffee machine, etc.  The one nice thing was a view of the mountains to the west.  Otherwise, there was nothing good or special about the room. This may be fine for a discount price, but not for Vegas.  . . However, the location for the price was great, mainly because it is next to Aria. The hotel is connected to Aria by a walkway.  There is also a tram that goes from the hotel to Aria and the Bellagio.  It is about a five minute walk to Aria and ten minutes to city center shops.  Short by Vegas standards.  Needless to say Aria is great - beautiful casino, great restaurants, overall excellent vibe.. . Not so for the Monte Carlo. Going from Monte Carlo to Aria is like going from the Vegas bus station to the real Monte Carlo.  The Sports book is the best example.  In Monte Carlo it is old style, with a bunch of 30 - 40 inch TVs and a couple of non-HD big screens.  In Aria, the sports book has a HUGE wall of TV's (probably 20 ft high), all in HD.  Similarly, the Monte Carlo Casino is downscale and feels small and the restaurants are mediocre.  At night, the sports bar suddenly stops being a sports bar and instead features dueling pianos (yes a "sports bar" with dueling pianos).  Even the staff felt this was a terrible idea.  Unless you enjoy the downscale feel, there is simply no reason to stay on the property.. . That said, if you get a really cheap hotel price, and it lets you play or eat more at Aria, it may be worth sleeping in the room.
The location is the only reason I'd go back to this hotel.. . The walls were so paper thin, and in a city like Vegas, there is of course people screaming drunkenly outside the rooms at all hours. . . I requested a non smoking room, but the room next me was apparently not non smoking, because I could smell their smoke every time they lit up. As well as hear their coughing all night long.
Average rooms good price and great location on the strip. . Resort fees is a minus but in all good stay!
It's really hard to judge this place.  For one, this hotel is generally rated as a four-star resort, which clearly raises expectations to a point that the Monte Carlo is never quite able to meet.  It'd be overly harsh to say that I hated my stay here (because I didn't), but there were many many things that could have been handled better.. . Upon checking in, the credit card used to pay for the room was immediately hit with a mystery $543 charge (the room for three nights was supposed to be only $370, and the first night had already been paid).  After calling around for awhile, we were told that the hotel takes a $150 refundable deposit and a $20/day resort fee, neither of which were disclosed to any of us.  The $20/day resort fee was not too much of a surprise, but we left confused as to what the charge was actually for, since other hotels have used this fee to "pay" for Wi-Fi access, HD service, etc., and Monte Carlo provided none of this (not to mention piss poor cell phone service).  All in all, the stay set us back about $500, which was quite a bit more than the agreed price of $370.. . We got the cheaper room, so we weren't facing The Strip, but instead, got a view of the pool.  This was not a bad thing considering that we came during their Spring Break festivities.  Speaking of the pool, it was one of the bigger pool areas I've seen, complete with lazy river, wave pool, hot tub, and sand volleyball court (this was by far the best part).  Facilities were surprisingly good, but they were somewhat tainted by the presence of Jersey Shore wannabes.. . Casino was pretty standard among those on The Strip, but equipped with a number of bar dancers towards the entrance, which was a nice touch.  Sports book was small, but then again, this wasn't a huge surprise, since no one goes to the Monte Carlo to place bets.. . It wasn't the worst hotel I've ever stayed at, but I can say that I don't foresee coming back to this hotel with so many other legitimate 4-star resorts on the Strip at comparable prices.
Excellent conference hotel. Sized right and easy to get around if you need to make a quick trip to your room to retrieve something. $40 breakfast for 2 on the coffee shop is excessive. The resort fee of $20/day is ridiculous. Third stay in this hotel.
There are a lot of options in Vegas, so I'm still going to explore and see what else is out there, but my experience at the Monte Carlo was fine.  There was nothing fancy about the room, but they manage to do ever tying really well.  Room service was right at my elbow when my card wouldn't open the door.  . . The pool area is nice.  I wouldn't want to be out there on a busy weekend day because in the middle of the week the lounge chairs were totally taken up and there wasn't a lot of space in the pools.  They rent a tube to take around the lazy river for $10, which seemed like a bit of a ripoff.  Drinks and foods are also a ripoff, but it's easy enough to walk 200 feet to the Monte Carlo food court and grab a burger, sandwich, slice of pizza, Chinese food, or fish taco.  Don't even think of bringing any foodstuff back to the pool area.  The TSA agents at the airport have nothing on the people who watch the entrance to the pool.  . . The fitness center has enough to keep all but the most serious of exercise enthusiasts happy.  There are 6+ jogging machines, a lots of stationary bicycles, and a elliptical machines.  there are also enough weight machines to keep your shoulders and legs pumped up.. . There's a nice monorail that will take guests from the hotel to Aria or The Bellagio.  This makes a big different because there are a plenty of fun places to visit parallel to these places and the sidewalks can be much less than fun on hot days or busy nights.. . I do think that it's ridiculous that any state of the art hotel doesn't have free WiFi in this day and age.  Trying to plan my trip was a complete pain in the ass given my iPhone took ages to download even the simplest of pages.
So 3 stars is the best I can give this place...here are the reasons why I love and don't love:. . AWESOME THINGS:. 1) Love the casino!! It has the best slot machines (penny slots!!) and I usually do pretty good here. Emerald Falls and Star Wars slots are awesome and I'm a sucker for the bonus rounds. Haven't played anything else really except for Pai Gow and I did pretty good at that too.. . 2) Loved that they had 6 elevators for each section. I stayed at the Excalibur once and it took me 45 minutes to get to the 1st floor waiting for 1 elevator. They had tvs in them and went fast. . . 3) Their beds are awesome! Very comfy and give you plenty of pillows.. . 4) The tramway goes from here to Bellagio and Aria...LOVE!! Definitely beats walking over there. And we got to see the fountain show. :). . NOT SO AWESOME THINGS:. 5) They charge $20 resort fee each night for what??? This isn't Bellagio or Venetian. We came at spring break time and it was so packed of  jersey shore douche's and I came to realize I was older than I thought. Note to self: don't come to the strip during spring break. So, I think the resort fee was a rip off for not using the pool. Even using the pool I think it's a rip. . . 6) They don't have any food places open past 11 in the casino except for the Cafe but blah. This is Vegas people!! That's when the party gets started!! WTF? So, we walked over to New York, New  York and had some good grub over there. That needs to change.. . 7) Ok, this one is kinda weird but their shower head was the weirdest shower head I've ever seen. No pressure and had 4 little holes for water to come out. Super annoying when you have thick hair and you're trying to get the shampoo out and it takes FOREVER. Also, no fan in the bathroom. Ugh.. . 8) Finally, the one that really irritated me...NO WIFI!!!! Seriously? I don't get it. You need wifi for Vegas!!!. . So in conclusion, I won't be back to Monte Carlo to stay overnight. For being a moderate priced hotel on the strip, you kinda expect more. I had a better experience at Golden Nugget!! They need to upgrade or something to make that resort fee worth it.
Pros: The bed was comfortable. The location was great. The casino was nice and the ventilation was good. . . Cons: The room wasn't anything special, but we weren't in the room much. The $20 resort fee is BULLSHIT and not only that, you have to pay an extra $10 to use the jacuzzi?!?! What the hell. The gym has ridiculous hours.
We really enjoyed our stay here and, considering this is an "older" hotel on the strip, we really have very few complaints. Our room was of average size - it was nice but nothing elaborate. The location on the strip is fantastic and the shutte is a nice plus. The pool had its grand opening and we really enjoyed the set up of the pool with the sand volleyball court and the lazy river. The negatives are small - they searched out bags when we went to the pool - a first for me in a Vegas hotel and not for weapons. The search was for outside food and beverage - I don't know...seems a bit excesive to me and makes them look like a bigger cheapskate than the person who brings in a bottled water. The second negative was the fact that the casino smelled like a dirty Depends. We couldn't walk thru it fast enough! I would stay here again for the locaton alone. Not new and fancy, no award winning shows or restaurants, and no wifi (seriously - r u in the stone ages), but functional, clean and central. Wasn't in my room much anyway.... . Oh...the resort fee? Silliness. I knew in advanced that I'd be charged but really? What exactly did I get for it? Resort fees are super passe and they need to get over themselves.
This resort is ok. . . I was disappointed in the service. . . Housekeeping either knocked at the door at 6AM or never came at all. So we had to call & request for them to clean our rooms each day much later in the day, or it would never get done.. . Nothing to brag about. Simple. Just Ok. . . Oh, and the disappointing part is the pool is extremely over crowded, and if you get a room that faces the pool you don't get any sun in your room.
Old hotel but has some new amenities. The keys sometimes work which is all weird. Maybe it's our door. Hotel was very basic since i guess we got the cheapest room we can get? The cool thing is they have a great gym facility which i located on the 2nd floor pass the spa area, however they are not open 24 hours. The lazy pool was cool, and so was the beach wave/ volleyball court. Overall, not a bad hotel and close to CVS, Walgreens and Ross and M&M factory
This was my first time staying here. For the cost of our hotel for a 2 night stay was about $230 not bad but the one thing I didn't like was the $20 resort fee they charge for amenities I think I can do without... I don't remember specifically but one was definitely to have Internet access using an Ethernet cord... are those still around? The room was nice and clean. It had a fresh appeal to it and the bed was way comfy. I really enjoyed the pool area it was clean, heated and the staff was super friendly. Also the lobby smelled abnormally good like ocean breeze lol... Unfortunately we didn't have a chance to check out any of the eateries or the club in the hotel.. . Overall coma pared to the other hotels I was looking to stay this one isn't bad so I would stay here again.
Stayed at this hotel/casino for 6 nights the week before Memorial Day and my review consists of good and not so good remarks. Overall I give it a 3. The bf and I met 4 friends in Vegas and all together we had 3 rooms. Good: our room was clean, was in the location of the hotel that we requested (strip side) but then again, if we were paying for the strip view then should I really be congratulating them on giving me what I paid for? Cost was very reasonable - Took advantage of a 20% off strip view promo which brought the price down to about $70 per night. The Resort Fee gets you - but I'd imagine that all of the hotels charge that. Location was fine especially for not paying top dollar. The hotel's pool area was a 4 out of 5. The pool options were great and the time spent in the water was a good time. The lazy river was perhaps our favorite. I had never seen a wave pool so that was a fun new experience. You could bring your adult beverages into the water with you. I did not like the lounge chair set up in the pool area. Very little seating surrounded the pools themselves and since it was crowded you often got stuck in seats that were just rows upon rows of lounge chairs staring at more lounge chairs. I would have liked to see more seating around the pool so that I could be soaking in the rays while watching my friends in the water. Lastly, I'd like to give a shout out to The Pub - a restaurant in the hotel. We ate there twice and I only wish I had more opportunities to eat there more. The service and food were great, the beer list never ending. Something like 200 beers on tap and the staff could talk about the beer and answer questions to help you choose - much appreciated. . . Now for my Not So Good remarks. The customer service is horrendous. So much so that after a few incidents my party and I were telling them we would not be staying here again. I had called the hotel 3 weeks before our arrival and had all three reservations linked together so that all 3 rooms would be on the same floor. We arrive and this had not been done. Then, they put 2 of the rooms on a smoking floor when specified was nonsmoking. They then tell us that the rooms were not linked together because we got there after 5pm - however the customer service rep I spoke to when putting in the request said nothing to me about that being a requirement nor about it not being definite. It was confirmed and sounded taken care of when I ended my conversation 3 weeks prior. The person we dealt with at concierge said that the nonsmoking room was merely a preference and not a guarantee. Really?! Perhaps it is their liberal smoking laws in the state of Nevada - but that seems like a big "request" that should be fulfilled. When we showed obvious dissatisfaction over the lack of rooms together, and 2 rooms being completely filthy in cigarette smell, the concierge did nothing to ease our discomfort and the reply was very much like, "oh well, nothing we can do for you...". Eventually we were able to get the two smoking rooms on the same floor as the third room, but it required a night in the disgusting smoke filled rooms 5 floors down. The next day when the other two rooms were reassigned, one of them was without a strip view - we were paying for the strip view. This was not determined until we had left the concierge, had gone all the way upstairs to move bags into the new room, and noticed the view was not as requested. The person we dealt with should have known what we were paying for, and said something at the time of switch that either there was no strip viewavailable and given our money back for paying extra for it, or made other arrangements. But instead we had to go back downstairs, wait in line again to speak with someone - and explain the situation once more. Again, all this running around, room change, lack of reading the computer to see what was on our account - certainly required some sort of compensation. We finally got something after speaking to a manager. The 1st room was fine, the 2nd room got 50% back on the first night spent in the smoke room, and the 3rd room ended up without a strip view, and they gave us back the extra money that paid for that view. It took multiple trips to the concierge desk to get this made right, and it wasn't until speaking to a manager that any compensation happened. The desk people were very passive and did not seem interested in making us happy.
Summer in Vegas is all about the pool, hence our reason for staying here.  The rooms are clean, is all I can say about the accomodations, because they are not anything more than average.  Other reasons to go to the Monte- The Pub, Brand Steakhouse (NOT lounge), Minus 5, and Jabbawokeez.  That's about it.. . The pool- Must show room key and can not bring anything in, even water.  I liked that the chairs had little flags to raise up when you needed a cocktail waitress.  They have a sand volleyball area which other pools do not have.  They also have the only other wave pool in town, except this one actually has waves.  A DJ was set up at the wave pool which was the center of the party.  Several contests were going on throughout the day which were fun to watch, complete with a bikini clad hostess giving out free shots.  Parents with kids seemed to be enjoying the fun, so I guess this place is "kid friendly".  If I stayed here again it would definitely be for the pool.
Just got back from Vegas.  The room was nice and clean.  Front desk was friendly and helpful. Now here are some disappointing things about our stay..... 1. Food and drink was a bit pricey for what you get. 2. Lazy river really wasn't much compared to other lazy rivers from Vegas hotels. 3. The pool area was small and boring....we have seen much nicer. 4. Service in the Cafe was SO slow and the food average. 5. The shower head was horrible......it felt like it was tearing at your skin. . Would not recommend if a nice pool area is important....it felt cramped and dull
3 1/2 Stars!. . Monte Carlo is one of the most underrated hotels on the Las Vegas Strip.  I suppose if the room doesn't cost more then your car note per night its not good enough.  Well shame on you, shame.  I have had the pleasure of staying at the Monte Carlo on more then one occasion and let me tell you it does not disappoint.. . PRO:  The Smell.  Seriously, it smells sooooo good in this hotel all the time.  I find myself walking through the hallway and casino saying aloud "OMG it smells so good".  Even when I'm sober.  Now that's major.. . CON:  I completely forget about this place when I'm planning a trip.  I'm so sorry Monte Carlo, I really am.. . Funny story.  My cousin and I were on our way out to the club.  Looking cute and stuff.  We get in the elevator, and there.... Is a girl who just got out the pool.  Oh wait, no... she pissed on herself.  Not only is she pissy in the elevator but she keeps saying "Lance Burton.. Master Magician".  HILARIOUS.  We still make fun of her to this day.. . The rooms here are nice, typical Vegas rooms (that smell really good).. . Of course, if the possible get the Monaco Suite.  It is spacious and mid-level luxurious.  Luxury without the price tag of a 5 star hotel.. . Stay here, you wont regret it.. . Good for: Romance, Girls Trips, Guys Trips, Relaxing Weekend
Stayed here for a friends bday weekend. It's ok. Nothing fancy. Tho the food at the restaurants here were all pretty terrible. Well just The Pub and Dragon Noodle, as far as I know.. . The tub drains hella slow in our room. Gross
I haven't stayed here but I've been inside. Hotel looks really nice. Nice lobby and very well decorated. Its located at a descent location on the Strip. However, their casino isn't the best. If you are a gambler, might wanna hit up some other casinos.
Kinda old looking decor, not the most stylish hotel on the strip, but who goes to vegas to stay in a hotel all day.. . Perfect stay for come in sleep, shower, party.  Could use a better shower head though
Monte Carlo is starting to show it's age, but it's still a decent on strip bargain.. Tip- pay the extra few bucks for a room upgrade, the higher floors are in much better shape than the lower ones. Lower ones would get 1 1/2 stars from me- pretty bad.. . Beds are comfortable, and the rooms are decent sized. They now give you two in room complimentary coffees (Keurig, not too bad)  to save you the hike down to the Starbucks at the food court. The CVS next door sells Keurig pods,  so you can stock up, if you are a heavy coffee drinker like myself.. . Alarm clocks with phone docking station.. . The resort fee (and extra $20 on top of the room rate) includes the coffee, WIRED in room internet, newspaper, and gym usage.. . Pool is very good, but they have added too many cabanas, and now seating is pretty difficult, unless you show up around opening time. Pool closes at 7. They sell and rent floats for the lazy river ($10-20). Beers are about $8. DJ on the weekends.. . Valets do a good job, so do the bellhops,  and the maids tend to do a much better job on the higher floors...a decent tip will certainly help in all these areas, and  is much appreciated.  Front desk service is good.. . Skip the Buffet- go to Aria, Bellagio or Wynn. All good bets. The room service is fairly reasonable for Vegas.. . All in all, you can certainly do worse, and the cheap rates and good pool keep me coming back. if you don't care about the pool however, I would keep looking. You can stay at a much nicer place for another $50 or so a night.
Pros and Cons  mixed - Contradictions at its finest :) . . Check-in process was one of the longest, if not the longest, of my life...and there was only one person in front of us, and we were in the 'invited' line.   While the lady was pleasant and whacky enough for my liking, my husband put it best, "It seems like she just came here today for the first time and pretended to work here.". . Nice 40 inch t.v. at least in the 29th floor rooms - from these reviews on here, it seems that the higher floors are considered slight upgrades...we were with a Gold Member, so unsure if this is why our rooms were upgraded/if it was considered an upgrade..we were on the same floor.. . Pool Area is pretty good, but it opens not until 9 a.m.  For the summer months especially, when it's already 90-95 degrees by 9 a.m., it would be much better to have the pool open earlier...and close later.. . Dealers, some were duds, some were decent.. . Extremely rude player's club staff lady.  Gave attitude for my husband getting a player's card because he had left his home (in Chicago), which I have to imagine many, if not most people do.  With that being said....she said, "Let's make sure we don't have to do this again" - later on, he realized after all that, his name was spelled wrong, an extra two letters added on.  . . Spacious rooms and very clean, I would eat off the floor.  However, the amount of space goes to waste with no refrigerator/microwave/couch/sofabed, etc.  Shampoo/Conditioner and like amenities are decent.. . Housekeeping did not come to service our room the second day we were there.  We did have our "Do Not Disturb" sign on until approximately 10 a.m., and then it was off for the rest of the day.  No service.  We could have benefited from an extra towel or two, but it wasn't that big of a deal.    . . Internet, while included in the $20/day resort fee (additional cost to your rooms), is average, at best.  . . Spa area at $10 a day (additional to the resort fee) is actually quite good.  While initially it is irritating, that using the spa facilities (whirlpool, sauna, and steam room), is not included in the resort fee, it is worth it.  I will probably do a separate review for the spa, as I give it 4 stars.  Massages/facials and what not are your standard over-the-top prices but still probably not as much as other MGM properties.  . . Free tram connected to Monte Carlo does take you to the Bellagio, and it's usually only a couple minutes or so wait.  . . Room service?  Forget about it.  Tried to call two different times, waiting first for 10 minutes, then at another time for 15 minutes, on hold.  . . Starbucks staff (a guy) sucked, as he took orders from an obvious friend of his, and then continued to talk to his friend instead of taking next in line customers.  Finally, when we were "assisted," he was stand-offish.  When asked to toast the bagels, he said, "Oh no, we don't do that.  The other Starbucks [food court] does that though."  . . Would stay here again if rooms were about 10 bucks cheaper than what we paid, on average of $55/night.  Probably will not stay again, however.
Monte Carlo is looking tired these days...we were here for a family event....I personally found the hotel "deal" high.  My friend who joined us  last minute got much better prices that we did plus she got food and beverage credits.  The $20 resort fee seems like a way to make the room seem to be cheaper but its a manditory fee so why even play that game?  We were on a high floor and our room was nicer than those in our group who saved a few $$ by booking a lower floor.  The beds were comfortable, but we did have problems with the shower draining and the sink backing up.  They had to fix them twice. . . The pool was nice & we were able to arrange for a private cabana with a private pool for a fair price for our group, of course $17.00 cokes pool side seems beyond steep to me.  . . The check in & check out process here is horrible...plan on waiting a long...long time and then don't plan on getting into your room right away  " they are backed up & will call you when your room is ready"  about an hour or two after you check in.. . The casino has a nice morning gaming class for those who want to learn craps, & roulette.  There late night dealers were lots of fun...one named Victoria was very helpful in teaching some of us how to lose our money slower..she was at the roulette table....from 11 p.m. lol As a result she made a higher percentage in tips from our group.  . . Monte Carlo staff helped us get tickets to the LOVE show for a better price than the "Half Price Tickets" store.  No one had the tickets for 1/2 price but we did get them for 40% off.  That show was the best part of our trip
We had a great time at this hotel.  The staff was friendly, the rooms were nice and the pool area was great.  . Get to the pool early, because seats fill up FAST!. My only real complaint comes wit h the tubes for the lazy river.  We're already paying a resort fee, do we really deserve to be charged another 10 bucks for an inner tube?!
Honestly I expected a lot better! Let just say its a cleaner version of Excalibur Hotel. I would come back personally. The pool was cool and the ambiance was good. The casino was just like any other casino no complaints there. Promoters kept bugging us to go into their lounge but to tell you the truth it looked very badly kept and they were letting people in with anything on so I had no intentions of going in there. It centrally located on the strip which is nice. It was not a dirty hotel but I am not going to lie and say it was nice either.
Stayed 4 nights in a Spa room. Love the room, unfortunately didn't get a strip view, but no biggie. . . House cleaning came only once out of the 3 days....this was disappointing. . . The pool, oh my....you better show up early or finding a place to lay will be difficult. Also, the lounge chairs are so close to one another. It's ridiculous.....I don't know about anyone else, but I like my space when I'm laying out. Pool service.....we asked a waitress that we wanted to order a drink, she said just raise up the flag located on the chair and someone will come. We did....waited 30 minutes and no one came. Seems the waitresses don't care much about service to us regular folks if we are not in a cabana. The pool itself.....the wave pool was ok....crowded with lots of kids....the lazy river....terribly small. I guess I just expected more. The entire pool area is actually quite small. . . Location is great though, right next to many of the new hotels. A simple hop, skip, and a jump and you are there. . . Would I stay here again? Probably not. I haven't quite found a hotel with a pool I like, but I haven't stayed at many...so the search is still on!
Solid hotel for a ridiculous weekend. . . Let's face it, we're not here to relax and lounge in our hotel rooms. We only need the basics: comfy beds, a semi-spacious bathroom and enough mirrors to put on our faces! Monte Carlo hit the nail on the head. . . We did have two issues: . 1. The check in process took well over an hour due to their servers being down.. 2. Due to MC's chaotic and poor organization, a group of guests were given access to our room and actually walked in on us. Thankfully we all had our clothes on! :P. . Why it took over 2 days for the servers to get back up and running is beyond me! Are there no IT guys in Vegas??. . We were able to get free entry into the spa/sauna and some credit for room service due to the mishaps. Nice sauna & steam room. Shampoo, conditioner, lotion and other toiletries are available for use. They also have a couple lounge chairs and sofas with veggie/fruit infused water in the spa. . . Room service was not very memeorable. It would have been nice if they gave us credit for the food court instead- better value and better food! . . There are a lot of other nicer hotels, but if you're just looking for a decent place to stay, look no further!
If you are looking for a plain vanilla hotel on the strip at an average price...this is your girl. I know they have some shows there , but there doesn't seem to be anything that cool going on there. Loved there being a CVS across the street.. . I have nothing bad to say about it, but I have nothing great to say about it.. . The buffet had bottomless mimosas...hooked the waiter up with $10 (yeah I know baller hahah) straight off the bat (and $10 afterwards) and he kept them flowing quickly. . . Certainly isn't the worst place to stay in Vegas.. . As you pay a resort fee per day you will get internet and gym included in your stay.
I don't think Monte Carlo Is a four star hotel, I think it's more like three stars, the reason for that was. . 1. the room was clean but it's outdated . 2. Swimming pool wasn't that clean and also outdated . 3. Casino area was clean and organize. . Good feature about this hotel are. 1. This hotel located on the beginning of the strip. 2. Walking distance to CVS, Walgreen. 3. Reasonable price. . One thing that they did that really made me thing twice to stay there again, I saw on the website that they provide complementary shuttle bus pickup with reservation. Then on the way back we called and made a reservation for airport drop off and the concierge person Acknowledge it, and we double check to make sure. But then on the time that we getting pickup the bus driver charging us $7.00 a person for the ride and when we called the concierge desk again. They said " oh sorry we don't do that anymore" clearly said on the website and this morning when we asked about it they said its free of charge. They should either update their website or acknowledge it because I think it's unprofessional. Other than that we had a good time in Vegas.
Got here on Sunday Sept. 30 and checked out on Tuesday, Oct. 2. The check in process could have been easier if they did the old one line for all. Instead you just kind of had blobs of people hanging around at each clerk's station. And most people seemed to be having major problems checking. But not me - I think it helped I booked directly with the hotel. Anyhoo, room was fine (strip view, 2 queen beds). Nothing filthy like some have written. Walls do seem to be super thin - could hear normal conversation for rooms on each side - tho nothing interesting was said. Did not have a meal here and played only briefly on casino floor - went to bar late at night and was ignored while they waited on others. Played mostly at Planet Hollywood. Room was fine, but other casinos are eager for business, so doubt if I'll ever stay here again.
Pros:. ~ Bell staff (amazing). ~ Valet staff (so nice). ~ Housekeeping (very courteous). ~ Awesome location. ~ Really cool pool. ~ Very comfy cozy beds. . Cons:. ~ Comforter had stains on it (they came and replaced immediately). ~ Our used towels on the floor were put back on the rack instead of being replaced (really?). ~ Rooms are a little out-dated
I stayed at the Monte Carlo while on a business trip in Vegas. It is a decent hotel, nothing fancy at all. The room is very average, but definitely not the worst hotel room I've been in. The pluses about this hotel was when I booked it I got a free $50 food and dining credit for about 5 of their restaurants in the hotel. I went to The Cafe for two nights and ordered two different sandwiches, both of which were actually really good. So it seems that their restaurants are pretty good. I also hit their gym facilities a few of the nights I stayed and the do have a good, full fitness center with a lot of free weights, machines and cardio equipment. They also have a full spa with saunas, steam rooms, hot tubs, massages, etc. The casino is pretty decent as well and wasn't too smokey at all surprisingly. For $80 a night through the week, I guess this was a pretty decent deal.
Just rating the casino -. When Monte Carlo opened, their big gambling push was they were going to feature the european style roulette wheel, with just a single zero instead of the hideous american two zero system pervasive on the strip.  The american wheel gives the house a whopping 5% house edge, the european about half that.  Apparently no one noticed, and the MC is back to the two zero wheels.. Worse, nearly all the blackjack is 6/5, with a few 3/2 tables interspersed.  No surrender.  JOB video poker is terrible with 7/5.. Craps is 3-4-5 odds.. So this is a gambler hostile casino, apart from craps I'd move down to the MGM which is far better.
Decent business hotel.. . It's impossible to pick up on the Monte Carlo theme. It's just a hotel with a casino. I've stayed here 4 times previous and the atmosphere was exactly the same each time.. . Room was fine. Parking garage fine. Food is much too expensive unless you eat at the food court and get yourself a Quarter Pounder.
Overall, my stay was a decent experience considering the price and the location.. . Checking in was a bit of a wait but once we reached the front desk, the staff was very personable and friendly. We arrived earlier than the 3 pm check-in time but they had no issues finding a clean room ready for us. . . Our room was on the 14th floor which sadly had a terrible view so I kept the windows drawn the majority of the weekend. It was clean and I was happy to find the bathrooms bigger than I expected.. . I did notice that during the duration of our stay housekeeping came at odd times. Our room was ignored the majority of the day when we were out but was clean between 4pm and 10 pm when we came back. I'm used to housekeeping cleaning at an earlier time but as long as it's done right?. . There is complimentary monorail system within the resort connecting the hotel to CityCenter and Bellagio. Check the times that it runs though. I tried using it Saturday morning around 8 am and it was not running. We ended up walking to Wicked Spoon for brunch which was fine.. . The restaurants in the hotel all got less than stellar reviews so I more or less avoided them during my stay. My sister went to their breakfast buffet one of the days and found it lacking especially for its $22+ price tag. Her words were "nothing to write home about." . . I did like the fact that the hotel was right next door to a CVS which is open 24 hours a day. It's convenient!. . The daily resort fee includes internet access, gym access and 2 complimentary bottles of water among other things. Use of the steam room and Jacuzzi is not included in the price ($10/person/day). The resort did not have Wifi. The internet access is via a cord on the desk in the room. . . If you want to ride their shuttle to the airport, it's $7/person so it's nice if you are traveling alone.. . Overall, it's not a bad resort but I would probably look at the room prices at other resorts on the strip to compare before booking.
A-OK for what it was. I paid $44 for Wednesday night, and $89 for Thursday night. Not bad. The room is basic. Boring. No frills. We originally had booked a King room, but last minute my friend joined us, so I was able to call the day of check in and switch to two Queens. . . My bathroom at home is fancier than the one here, but it got the job done. We really had no complaints. The beds were pretty comfy, and I am really picky about beds.. . The casino is okay. I just play slots, and they had a good selection. I was never asked if I wanted cocktails, so I did purchase one at a sports bar and it was $10, not bad.. . There is a Starbucks located near the elevators, which was nice. The valet was super quick and we never waited long for the car. . . Would I stay here again? Maybe if I could get the same cheap rates I got for Thanksgiving. If it would be any more than that, I would just stay somewhere nicer.
Hotel is nice inside and out.   Room decoration and amenities needs urgent improvement, ample parking space and good buffet restaurant inside.. . Hotel rates we got was awesome and the hotel staffs should attend customer service re-orientation.
I've stayed here twice. The last time over Thanksgiving. Yes, the hotel rooms need updating but the condition of the room are in line with pricing. It's reasonably priced and a clean place to sleep. The hotel does have some perfume smell that hits you as you enter the lobby. Overwhelming but thankfully it goes away. The casino is a good size, nice to not have to walk miles looking for people. And not too crowded. The comps accumulate quickly so get a mlife card. The food court options are nice for a quick and cheap meal. The casino cafe was also decent. Unfortunately, not much shopping so unless you only gamble, staying at Monte Carlo can get boring. The hotel staff have been generally nice too.
For room to price to location this place isn't bad.
Ok, if you are looking for a nice, clean, and safe place... Monte Carlo is the place to stay.  And if you want to stay at a super central locations... this is the place.. . Nothing is fancy at the Monte Carlo, you can't brag about that, its not Bellagio or Mandalay Bay but its inexpensive and the hotel itself has everything you need right inside, even a tram that will take you from the Monte Carlo to the Bellagio, with a stop at the Aria.  . . The staff are friend and very helpful when you have questions or concerns.
Clean and cheap hotel.  However, I knocked off 2 stars because of the lack of sound insulation between the rooms.  I stayed on the 20th floor and could hear my neighbors whenever they talked, watched tv, flushed the bathroom, or used the showers.  And this was from both sides of the room. We also got $50 food credit for our stay, but the several restaurants we went were not open at the time they said they'd be open, like Diablos and the cupcake place.
This place is fast becoming a total trough of a hotel.. . Rooms are haggard and falling apart.  The shower head sprayed everywhere except where it was supposed to.  The rooms are dated the carpet filthy and the bedspread scary.. . Service is poor and the televisions broadcasts are fuzzy.. . The Casino however is a different story.  It's one of my favorites and they recently updated the Sports Book making it my favorite in town.  Black jack is most fun on the east end near the strip!  You'll see what I'm talking about =]. . Great restaurants also.  The food court can become jammed but has a wide variety of selections (McDonalds, Italian, Subway, Chinese).  Also, one of the best steak restaurants in Vegas is located here... The Brand Steakhouse.  GREAT!. . Attached to the hotel, near the strip is Diablo's Cantina.  A great place for Mexican.  Try the fish tacos!!. . Gamble here but sleep somewhere else.
Pretty nice hotel with a great location right next to the new casinos and the City Center. If you want an affordable, clean room, which puts you right on the strip then the Monte Carlo serves that purpose.
Stayed at the Monte Carlo for the 1st time and i would have to say that the stay was just "OK". . . Upon entering from the parking level, it didn't smell like cigarette. What a surprise! . Check in was a breeze i was in the line for no more than 5 minutes and we got out room.. . The hotel is easy to navigate if you follow the signs. :-) The casino floor is full of young adults in their mid to late 20s trying to party and get drunk. Oh yeah!. . We recieved our room on the 30th floor. Pretty high, makes for a great view! The room itself was just "OK". Nothing really stood out. Modern "european" style. . . My only complaint... loud next door occupants. It was 4 am and they were SO loud i almost wanted to yell "STFU" but eventually they got quiet and got rest.. . Checking out was a breeze. Drop your key cards off at the elevator box and fill out a form, and they will email you a copy of your folio receipt.. . Would i stay here again? Probably, but i would try and get a suite for a MUCH better experience.. . I would give it 3.5 Stars.
This hotel was nothing special. It looks nice and pretty outside, but the rooms are pretty much standard. Since we booked our rooms late for NYE, this hotel is one of the few hotels that still have available rooms. The room service was mediocre. We needed 2 extra bath towels and had to call housekeeping three times in 1 hour but we never got the towels we needed. My cousins had to settle with the face towels they have to dry themselves. When we got back later that night, we had our towels hanging at a bag outside the room. The next morning, the maid opened our room and yelled housekeeping which is enough to wake everyone up. My cousins were thinking WTF is that. I have never experience that before at other hotels. The one thing I liked with the hotel is that they have a tram that connects us to Bellagio since my brother is too lazy to walk on the strip. Other than that, I recommend Paris more.
This is my second time staying at Monte Carlo...last time ive stayed here was about 3 years ago before the renovations to the shops and etc. Plus its also  because i went to bigger hotels like cosmo to stay at  (yes i am quite bougie on hotel rooms- dont hate :P )..esp if i can spend a lil more..i would get much more amenties. . .  My last stay 3 years ago wasnt so bad and it was quite decent at a fair price. I never mind it because it wasnt a circus circus. So for this past stay...my bf and i decided to a trip to LV on a spontaneous/just because trip. Price was fair around 114 bucks for two nights..not including the annoying $20 resort fee. I did recieve 2 buffet passes since i booked it on expedia and their big belly buffet is amazing! even better than the higher end buffets like aria's. . . the front desk was very personable and friendly...i love it when i can get great customer service and have a mini convo rather than a angry chick typing away and youre silent for 15 mins. at first she said there was no room availiable for a 1 king bed...which i found a lil weird because i arrived around 230 so yes its a half an hour early but not even a common room like that? i guess. they only had a double bed open and i asked if i were to upgrade to a suite how much it would be...but it wasnt really much a discount..even thoughi was willing to pay for a upgrade..just didnt seem worth it because i felt as if it wasnt a great of a discount..if i went on expedia.com then yeah maybe.  i asked how long it would take for my original standard king bed room would be and she said "oh it could be hours and hours.". . wth. why in the world would be hours and hours?! thats cray. mhm, i went there..a lil ghetto in me came out.. . so i was getting frustrated because it was like going back and forth with options. she looked further into her computer and found a king sized bed but it was a handicapped version of it out of nowhere. i didnt get how it just magically opened up but i took it because i didnt want to wait for hours and i wanted to get my drink on already.. . the room was average, better than tropicana, better than excalibur's...one lamp had a lightbulb out, rusty stains in the bathroom, keyboard for the tv didnt work, one of the comforters had a torn hole in them, toliet and bathtub water pressure were super hard! (it was scary flushing your shit down because it felt like it would suck your ass and whole body too!), and other small cosmetic flaws...but even with that i was okay with it because like i said it was a just because trip and it wasnt like i was celebrating an anniversary or a bday..so for the price thats what i got. . . the hotel was at a great location in my opinion..in middle, we used the tram everyday of our trip..great transportation, shops are decent, buffet is amazing, clean casino, clean rooms, self parking lot was breeze (minus the construction) and a good atmosphere..i just wished there was a lil more to see.. . i would love to try their hotel 32 if i could afford it one day haha.
I booked the hotel after having got a good deal with southwest vacations. So, I would write the review with that in perspective. . . I and my wife booked this for a 3 nights stay. I love the location of this hotel. You can walk to quite a few casinos around and the RTC buses stop right in front of the hotel. . . The casino, the restaurants and the shops and bars are all quite decent. The external to the room facilities in the casino/resort are quite alright. The room, maybe it was the rate that we paid, it wasn't the best. It looked like one of those regular extended stay hotel rates. It was nothing worth writing home about, no wow factor, just another hotel room. We wanted a king bed, but got 2 queen beds, so one bed ended up being our clothes pile! The bathroom was so very normal and under lit. The shower area barely had any light falling on it. The toilet paper used was amongst the lowest quality, not what you would expect to find in a 4 star resort. I sort of started to think that we should have paid that 200$ extra for 3 nights for a Cosmopolitan or Aria. But for the price and the location, I have to give it a 3 star, especially considering the fact that you are going to be out most of the time in Vegas :D..
Stayed at Monte Carlo in January 2013 for three nights. I was looking for the best priced hotel in the middle of the strip. I paid $80 per night and could have gotten a better deal if there weren't so many conventions that period. . . But basically, I was happy with the room I got and the price I paid. It's right next to City Center which was what I really wanted to see.
I booked this hotel for my companies annual meeting.  The sales department was very professional and easy to deal with.  The casino has good location close to the City Center and almost in the middle of the strip.  On most vacation search engines Monte Carlo is listed as a 4 star hotel.  Prices were very reasonable for this resort and casino and shops are nice. The gambling areas are not crammed together so you dont get that hemmed in feeling.  The rooms are very large, but are pretty no frills as far as I was concerned.  A keurig coffee brewer, two bottles of water and a flat screen tv were the highlights as far as ameneties are concerned.  One huge flaw of this hotel is the lack of WiFi and their ethernet internet access is not covered by the resort fee charge.. . Overall this is a good value casino.  As part of the MGM family you can stay here and take advantage of MGM's frequent free show ticket promotions.  Monte Carlo and Luxor are the two cheapest 4 star hotels in the MGM group and probably on the strip.  The guests staying at Monte Carlo were not the rowdy low brow bunch found at the Luxor, so if you are looking for a decent place to stay with good location and good prices, Monte Carlo is a good candidate.
I remember when Monte Carlo opened in the late 90's along with New York New York , Bellagio, Paris and Mandalay Bay during the final family friendly years and the start of, "What happens in Vegas, Stays in Vegas". . . Unfortunately the Monte Carlo doesn't live up to it's theme except for the exterior part but it just another average hotel on the strip. Usually I stay at the Mirage, Bellagio and Paris and compared to them, this is just another average hotel in my book.. . My hotel room was just plain average with outdated decor and fixtures but it did the job and the prices is right for budget travelers minus the room tax, resort fee and the tax on the resort fee lol. I didn't get to try to pool so I can't review that. Dining options here can be casual to upscale, the food court is an excellent open with the Panda Express and Subway and you can take an indoor tram from the Monte Carlo to Aria to Bellagio without walking out in the intense heat or extreme cold. . . It's location is in he midst of the Vegas strip and not too far from the popular Cosmopolitan, City Center and Bellagio but I prefer to start further up towards Wynn and Caesars Palace.
Our stay here was a mixed bag that started with good first impressions of the lobby and check-in process. However, it was as we used the facilities that cracks started to appear. Picture frames broken yet rehung. Counters cracked in the bathroom. Then the mis-functions - first wi-fi, erratic and slow, then cabling unplugged or disconnected. Even though we were on a non-smoking floor, both rooms had their smoke detectors covered with shower caps.. . The bed and bedding were nice, however, and the floor quiet. All in all, a mixed bag. Just take the lobby luxury with a grain of salt. This hotel has seen better days.
This was our second Vegas hotel, our first night was at the Bellagio which will forever be burned into mymemory as one of by best hotel stays.. . With that said the Monte Carlo is a standard hotel IMO.  One gripe is that we paid for an upgrade to have a room with a view and there was no view.  Hey Monte Carlo - a high floor facing away from the strip is not considered a view just so we're clear!. . This hotel is out of date withe electronics in a massive way.  You have a hard line Internet line that doesn't work (too loose for my lap top) and no wifi.  The outlets were not close and were all used by other electronics so if I wanted to charge my cell I had to unplug something to plug in my cell, very inconvenient for the modern person.  . . The hairdryer is in a bag at the top of the closet like it's a game of "where's the hairdryer".  Who wants to play that game with wet hair?  Not me!. . The beds are not the most comfortable in the world, I've had better.  Check in and check out was a breeze.  Overall a fine hotel experience although I think I would error on a higher quality hotel on the strip instead with more modern upgrades for those of us living in the 21st century.
Solid hotel that gives a decent balance of price, location and amenities.  Monte Carlo is a pretty good option if you are looking for an affordable, yet some what nice place to stay in Vegas.  Its much nicer than The Imperial Palace...now dubbed The Quad (but it will the IP to me forever!).  The rooms are decent... or at least they were at one time.  Our room had a slight run down feel to it.  The power socket next to the desk was broken, the wall paper in the bathroom had seen better days but still I felt comfortable there.  There was no closet just a cabinet in the room, nor was there a fidge or wifi (though there is wired internet).. . Amenity-wise there are a row of shops and a food court, both of which were a tad on the small side and the casino floor itself felt a little limited, but proximity-wise you are close to everything so its easy to hop around to the hotel of your choice.. . Overall, had a good stay and would probably stay here again.
Not a bad place considering location and price. Was expecting the Monte Carlo to be bigger. Huge props to the comfortable beds and friendly service. However, no fridge in room, average shower, connection problems with TV, blah casino scene. I'd probably just spend more $ and stay somewhere else unless tight on money.
Oh man... my second time in Vegas and it's going to be one that I will never forget for too many negative reasons. . . First off, we got to the hotel and checked in. Surprisingly really busy... tons of people seemed to be checking in at 9pm. . . Here comes *strike 1*: we ask the lady at the front desk what the wifi password was. She proceeds to ask us "what password? our wifi is open", so naturally, I went "YES! free wifi in the rooms", when she proceeded to say "oh, no. We don't have wifi in the rooms. We only have wifi in the main lobby here and in the food court". Wiped the smile off my face. Right away. Just a little back story, I wanted to travel light so I traveled with my tablet and I was doing a lot of the social media work remotely. Couldn't really do that now because the internet in the room was only connectable via ETHERNET CABLES! Seriously bro? Ethernet cables? I think the Monte Carlo missed the coming of the digital age because event the Super 8 motel has wireless wifi. LAME SAUCE. . Anywhooos, we got our keys and went up to the room. It was your standard room with 2 queen beds, a tv, bathroom- the usual. The beds were very comfy. Bathroom? Meh. It was your average bathroom... nothing that really surprised me. The shower heads were surprisingly VERY powerful, which made me happy. . . Here comes *strike 2*: went down to use the wifi in the main lobby just to make a quick FaceTime call via. I was under the impression that the wifi was going to work because I was told that it only worked in the main lobby and the food court. WRONG. can't even get a decent connection in the main lobby. . . and for *strike 3*: room service takes an awfully long time for low periods during the day. I would call for blankets and pillows at 10pm, when I anticipate that not many people would be calling for these items at that hour of the day, but apparently room service's phone was ringing off the hook because I wouldn't get the items until 45 minutes after I called for them! I also had to remind them that I called... and then they'd finally come. . . I would not stay here again. The location is great, but for the price you pay- so not worth it. A resort fee for internet? There was no internet in my room.. /end rant.
Of the hotels I have stayed at in Vegas, I would rate this one as average.  Nothing spectacular.  We arrived in the morning hoping to check in early.  No such luck.  Went and had lunch and while there, I received a text my room was ready.  Went back and it was, however, the people we were with, their room was not.  And this was at almost 300 PM.  So, we all went to our room and hung out until their room was ready shortly thereafter.  Anyway.  Hung out at the pool area some, it was average.  Drink service was kinda slow, although the towel service was super friendly and the pool was nice to take a quick dip in.  Room was nice, but nothing amazing (we stayed in a Monaco Suite).  The wi-fi was painfully slow, which was annoying.  Gym was nice, but kinda small.  And various machines were broke while we were there.  The spa looked nice, but I did not get any treatments done this trip.  There was an amazing yogurt place called Yogurt In that I tried while there.  AWESOME.  Try the peanut butter.  Also ate at Diablo's, which was a fun vibe and super yummy (try the veggie burrito and chips/salsa).  We hung at Ignite one night and had an awesome time people watching.  Drinks were yummy there.  Hotel was very hard to get in and out (tons of traffic).  Weird location that was very busy on the Strip.  Anyway, if you can get a deal, stay here.  If not, there are better Suites on the Strip for sure.
Room was ok,service was average,not a bad hotel on the strip...
I've stayed at the Monte Carlo 4 times now.  I like the location.  I like that for the strip, you can usually get a $10 blackjack table and I've even seen $5 on off hours.  The pool area is good with a wave pool and a lazy river.  Restaurants not so much, but you can go elsewhere to eat, and I find that the best restaurants are off the strip anyway... Lotus of Siam, Weiss' Deli, Bachi Burger, Grimaldi's Pizza.  Unfortunately this last time, my buddy got sick and we spent a lot of time hanging out in the room.  This is not where the Monte Carlo shines, unless you are in one of the penthouse floors with a strip view.. . Just your normal room is very basic and since it was NCAA March Madness time, the place was full.  Our room was on a lower floor (14) and kind of old looking.  Our first room had beds so soft that I swear they were 20 year old mattresses and the room smelled like it hadn't been opened in a while.  They switched us right away, when I complained and the new room a few doors down was only a little better.  The next morning we went to make coffee and, the coffee machine had mold growing in it where you put the water.  Glad my friend checked, I never would have.  Who knows how many other people hadn't.  Apparently there was something wrong with the lock on the door and maintenance just showed up unannounced saying something was showing up as "not locking" on their switch board.  Hmm was that like that all night?  I guess so.  A day later, the kick plate of the door came completely off with screws sticking out.  . . Seems to me, this part of the hotel is beyond old and run down.  All Low Def TV stations, even though it's an HDTV.  WIRED internet?  Who uses wired internet anymore?  What is this Y2K?  Our iPads were useless.  Having to just use my iPhone for internet, the 3G was very spotty on this floor and even calls were getting dropped.   I know these high end casinos on the strip don't want you to stay in your room very much, so it's not an accident they don't have your basic comforts that a normal Days Inn has, And you are in Vegas, you SHOULD get out of the room.  But since my friend didn't feel well and I wanted to spend time hanging out with him,  It just really brought to light what a crappy room the Monte Carlo has.  Especially at $200 a night (March Madness price - it's normally way cheaper).  Made me really wish I had spent the extra and stayed at the Venetian or the Wynn on this trip.
Not the fanciest hotel, but a great mid price option. The rooms are acceptable and the location is key so I'd stay here again!
The Monte Carlo Casino & Hotel is an MGM property located on the south end of the Las Vegas strip.  It is connected by a proprietary tram to other MGM properties, namely, the City Center (that includes the Aria Resort & Casino, the Mandarin Oriental, and the Vdara Hotel & Spa) and the Bellagio.  I booked it as part of a package deal through Southwest Airlines and received a very good rate.  This is a full service hotel that includes numerous restaurants and shops, multiple pools, a large casino, and MGM concierge services.  The design of the hotel and casino is functional but the decor unremarkable. Our room was adequate, however, it showed a little wear, e.g., peeling wallpaper in the bathroom and a somewhat dilapidated bedside lampshade.  Also, the soundproofing was not good as the TV in the adjacent room could clearly be heard through the connecting doors even though the volume was set at a moderate level.  The hotel and casino service was competent and helpful.  . . Although the Monte Carlo is not a top-tier hotel, it is recommended because of its good location and moderate prices.
I wish I could be a fan cause I think it can have what it takes. I would definitely recommend this place. The lazy river is awesome. The tram is convenient  and not too many people know about this. Housekeeping is awesome. Rooms are nice. now let me tell you where i was disappointed. there is no WiFi in the RESORT FEE neither is the sauna in the gym AND neither is checking email in the business room they want to charge you for everything. They did have wifi in the food court but lets face it, who wants to sit in a very LOUD and smelly atmosphere to use the internet and or do work.  while everyone watches you. But I guess i should have looked this up before I made reservations. overall its still a nice hotel and great location.
This is being generous due to the pool and its location on the Strip.  For a hotel named after one of the most glamorous places in the world, the Monte Carlo could seriously use a bit of a makeover.  Rooms were a decent size, but bathroom could use an update, the TV could have HD, and for the resort fee Wi-Fi or at least a working internet connection in the room would have been helpful.  I really loved the pool, and the food and drinks there were not bad.  Diablo's at the front of the hotel was nice and the happy hour specials were good.  Not my favorite place on the strip and I probably wouldn't stay there again but you could definitely do a lot worse.
I really thought this place was going to be really sad, but it was not.  Sure it is no Bellagio or Venetian, but hey, when my friends want to do it up on the Strip and i have to leave the luxury of my home, I chose to cheap it up and stay here.  With the monorail making Bellagio is easily accessible. I choose to pay less $100 buck a night.  Besides hotels are just a place to sleep for a few hours, entertainment is all around. I just ask that my room be clean, and it was.   . . My house is luxury, hotel just a clean place to sleep.  Monte Carlo fits the bill.
Meh...3 stars at best.  As somebody mentioned the check in is ridiculous, huge long lines clogging up the lobby.  Everywhere you go in the hotel you are swarmed with sketchy looking people trying to slap a wrist band on you and promising a fabulous night at the Brand nightclub (DON'T do it!!  Nasty crowded little meat market.  They promised a $20 cover and free drinks for the ladies but the drinks list is very limited and the alcohol was rotten, definitely bottom shelf.  Oh yeah, and $30 cover and full drink prices for the men.)  I rented a Monaco suite which looked nice at first glance until I started to notice that there were a lot of holes and gouges in the furniture.  My hot water didn't work several times and there was no safe in the room as promised.  My room overlooked the pool so from about noon to 7pm the blaring music, drunken shrieks and thumping bass from the pool area made it unbearable to relax or have a nap (sometimes you need a nap in Vegas LOL).. . The pros:  good location, handy food court, great maid service and awesome pool area.  I really liked Diablo's, the food was good and margaritas on the patio facing the Strip is pretty awesome.. . The cons;  Crazy busy hotel, busy 24/7 and swarms of rowdy drunk people everywhere.  I guess that's a Vegas thing but there were a few times I waited for another elevator instead of getting in alone with a group of drunken men.  The creepy men lurking in the elevator lobby trying to slap brand wrist bands on me were a definite negative.  Hotel is a bit run down in places.. . All in all I would  not stay at Monte Carlo again but that's just me - I'm definitely a quiet person and would like somewhere a bit more sedate where I don't run the risk of getting puked on in the elevator LOL .  However if  you're looking for a mid-priced party place on the Strip this could be the place for you!
The last two times i stayes here i found holes in the curtains, holes in the bed sheets and the last time i stayed here there was a hole in the lamp. Dont order food from the room service menu its disgusting. You do get what you pay for. 330$ for three nights and that nice wave and river pool they got is pretty cool.
Check in was easy and fast. Navigating this place (drunk) is insane though! The hotel main area is relatively small and the quick dining options are REALLY limited and not that great (McDonald's is the best place in the area). I really didn't like the $25/night "resort" fee considering the place had NOTHING to do in it that was worth it! "Brand" nightclub was lame and not on par with the other nightclubs in LV at all. . . The room itself was great, though. The beds were extremely comfy!
My husband and I brought our two sons and three of their friends to Las Vegas as a birthday surprise for our younger son. We chose the Monte Carlo because we thought they would enjoy the pool area, and they really did.  If it weren't for the pools, we might have changed hotels. It wasn't awful, but we really wanted everything to be perfect for this trip. We travel a lot for business and are used to overlooking a lot. There are a lot of minor irritations with this stay that will lead us to stay elsewhere next time. . . The check in process took a half hour to get one of our three rooms. It was early, so we were okay that all the rooms weren't ready but taking that long when we wanted to get to the pool was a bummer. We were told that our reservation is only a request for a certain room type and they wouldn't guarantee an adjoining room for the guys or a king room for my husband and I. When we finally got our room, we were told it was a king but we got there and it wasn't. We ended up getting a king but had to give up the strip view we reserved. Not a big deal, but pretty disorganized. . . The rooms are okay - nice linens and the decor is fine but the bathrooms are pretty dated. The Internet is only available via a cable so no Internet for devices other than a laptop.  The room seemed clean but there was a towel in our bathroom with urine on it that I almost used on my hair. Thank god it fell on the floor with the pee side up or I wouldnt have noticed it.  I let the front desk know so they could let their staff know to watch for stuff like that. They apologized and ordered a full cleaning for our room.  For some reason half the lampshades in the rooms I was in looked like someone sat on them. Kinda weird. . . All in all the Monte Carlo is pretty decent but I will try a different place next time. I wanted to treat everyone to the Blue Man Group but the best discount the hotel offers still leaves tickets over $100 per person - pretty hefty for our group of seven. Stay here if you want a fun pool area, just don't expect too much out of the rest of the experience.
This was my second time staying at Monte Carlo... this is a review for just my second time when I went in June 2013. . . Monte Carlo is great because it's located right next to the new hotels including Aria and Cosmo and in close proximity to Planet Hollywood and kid friendly areas such as the M&M store. I'm very disappointed that I didn't get to try out their famous lazy river because time didn't permit us to take that detour to the pool area. darn. Bed was very comfortable. AC didn't seem to be working too well but I do get hot easily at night. oooo and a plus, they have their own food court! So if you get hungry or have a craving, there's a mickey d's and a starbuck inside the hotel.... awesome! Now for the reason why I gave them 3 stars..... . There was construction on the strip so our way out to the strip was through Aria. Ok not their fault. However in our room, turning on the water was obnoxiously loud. I don't know why it was sooo loud but turning on the faucet and the shower was incredibly loud. We heard our neighbor's shower at one point but didn't the rest of the time we were there... it was just really weird to me.  Also the website said wifi access which there was none. I had a job application to apply for and had to go to the 2nd floor business center to complete my application, where I was not greeted or asked if I needed help for anything. . . Overall, I'd stay at Monte Carlo again because of location and I still want to try that lazy river, but they have to oil the faucet or something, because it really shouldnt be that loud.
The hotel is not GREAT but it's not bad either. It's a 3 out of 5---. The rooms are slightly run down, no Internet access in 2013???
The pool area gets 4 stars. Would get 5 if no kids were allowed.. . The rooms get 3 stars. The bathroom gets one as the showerhead was about a foot below my head. no Wi-Fi sucks.. . The place is inexpensive so 4 stars for the price
Not the most luxurious of hotels on the strip but it is centrally located, and the prices are reasonable. We booked early and paid $88/night, minus the stupid resort fee, which is a huge ripoff.. . The rooms are standard issue, but it's true that the walls are thin and it's easy to hear everything. Especially the plumbing - showers and flushing toilets are LOUD. We also had the unfortunate experience of having the alarm clock in the next room go off each night at midnight. And of course there is no one in that room, so we had to call Housekeeping to turn it off, which took over 30 minutes each time. Ugh. . . We stayed on the 3rd floor this time, which gave us a hideous view of the roof with all the trash, dead birds and vacuum cleaners on it. On the plus side, we were towards the center of the building and actually got wifi in the room! That made our son happy, since there isn't supposed to be wifi in the rooms, and iPods don't work with ethernet cables. Not fast connection though.. . Pools are nice, but crowded and not a lot of shade for those who can't be in the sun all the time. Chairs fill up fast, so go down early and stake out a spot. Don't bother with the inner tube rental in the lazy river - eventually, one will free up and you can use it without paying the $5.
This hotel is middle of the road; not the best but not the worst either.  The room was not very impressive at all.  The ipod dock did not work and the shower did not drain well.  They really need to add more outlets to allow for phones to be plugged in near the beds.  Also, no mini fridge so bring a cooler. . . However, it was very clean and the overall hotel was better than some of the rest in Vegas.  If you are looking for a clean place to stay in Vegas that is on the cheaper side, stay here.  If you are looking for a nicer room...I would skip.
The hotel is quite clean, and the rooms are very spacious. The location of the hotel is great, there are many attractions near by on the strip.. The negative aspects of the hotel pertain to the bathroom. Although the bathroom is a good size, the toilet and shower are made for the hulk. The water in the shower feels like a pressurized hose and the toilet seems capable of flushing anything. Just remember not to sit on the toilet when you flush! Lol
This is a very strong 3 stars, as close as you can get to 4 stars without being 4 stars.  I read the critiques of this place.  It's certainly not as fancy as its neighbors.  It doesn't have a club or fountains or a museum.  But, it has a very fun brewpub, and EXCELLENT steakhouse, friendly dealers, and a good show.  . . The rooms are pretty standard, not the biggest or nicest in Vegas but I've certainly seen worse.  The front desk is typically pretty quick, even during peak times on the weekend.  I stayed here plenty before we moved out to Vegas, and have stayed a few times since we've been here, and I have never had to wait long, even when there was a long line.. . The thing I like about Monte Carlo is the gaming floor is for GAMING.  People aren't looking around taking pictures at the art or whatever.  I feel very comfortable there.  And, it has a great location on the strip, walking distance to a bunch of great places if you need a change of scenario.  I've stayed here for many years and will continue to recommend others do so as well.
Monte Carlo is only 3 stars in my book.. . Upon arriving early for check-in, I went to the restroom first. Marble floors do not mesh well with drips of water. I slipped almost completing a full split! It is not safe at all. They need to keep a watch for that before someone can get seriously injured. We get to our assigned room only to find a family just come out of the room. Honestly, after sitting in a car for 4 hours...do you think anyone needs to deal with this crap? It was ridiculous and inconvenient. Poor management. Finally, when we get to the next room, all I can say was it was A-OK. Old decor, strange patches of cardboard on the walls, and no ventilation in the bathroom. Really not fancy at all. Positive note, excellent air conditioner. . . Service was slow when requesting for extra pillows and towels. It took about an hour later to get what I needed. The free wifi (technically you are paying for in the hotel fees) is as slow as dial up connection. . . The pool as expected was extremely crowded. After getting settled, enjoy the lazy river or wave pool. It helped relieve the heat in the crazy HOT weather. Free towels. There are tubes to rent out, drinks to buy, food to eat, etc. . . . Overall, Monte Carlo needs some renovating in the rooms. Service could be better. . . . p.s. Room service is quite pricey!
One of the MGM properties, booked by phone and received comped breakfast coupon for one of several buffets in town - we picked the ARIA Hotel buffet. ONLY GOOD ON WEEKDAYS-  you will pay a difference if you use the coupon on a Sunday brunch-  a $42 value on this coupon.. . Requested an upgrade room but basically received the exact same room, on an upper floor which would have been a suite, if the adjoining room was used. . Granted, this is an older hotel, so there are not as many nice things to see or do, but you're free to visit the higher end resort casinos without having to fork over the money for it, so why not save a bit on a room that will be used mostly for bathroom breaks and naps?. . Visited the pool are but there was an incredible crowd, and the water appeared to be murky from all those people with drinks and suntan lotion on, plus a lot of kids, so I passed taking a swim (impossible with the weekend's crowd). Cabanas available for more privacy, if you want. Not really a happening place.. . Slots were not generous but you know the house always wins.. . Wish the rooms had more lighting in the bathrooms.. . Simple bathroom amenities, eco-conscious (they want guests to re-use towels - admit it - you do at home so why not here too?).. . In-room Keurig coffee machine is practically foolproof (except for me, of course - the kitchen gadget challenged - I somehow managed to cause a little overflow of water.). . NO WI-FI! What electronic stone age are we living in?. . Ate at their ultra spendy restaurant Andre's which was totally worth the $$$$ (see my related review here: . http://www.yelp.com/biz/andres-las-vegas-4#hrid:2r-gYBS-CgaZkcixMe3Liw/src:self
not bad.  consider several details before booking.. whatever the rate is.... always add at least 35-40 bucs/day. these are resort fees and taxes.  also.. if considering a suite... dont expect lotsa of sleeping space.   the room is large..but not for several persons. kinda waste of money.  stick to a standard room and save on the taxes.  make sure you get a players card thru m-life and you will get points for both dining and gambling. they will send you awesome offers.   location is smack in the middle of the strip. everything is clean and the staff is kinda friendly.  overall good. value
3 stars only because the pool is fantastic!  I love the lazy river, and love the wave pool.  Check in took foreeeeverrr and we were even early, at least there was not an early check in fee.  The room was less than mediocre, but cant complain much because it was comped, thanks MLife.  My biggest complaint was Housekeeping was soooo loud at all times of the day.  Like yelling down the hall joking around Loud!  . Other than that... the biggest Pro's:. The Pool. The Pub (omg to die for wings and beer). The Monorail between there and Bellagio. The Cupcake Place. (And the slots were pretty nice to me - at least enough to keep on playin!). If you can... upgrade your room!!
Stayed at the Monte Carlo during EDC 2013. I ended up splitting the room with two friends. The room had two beds, and an extra roll-away bed would cost something like $35-40/night. Something to consider if you're going to need one.. . Anyway, the hotel and casino are decent. It's not the fanciest place on the strip, but it definitely isn't a bad place to stay. Everything in the room was clean and functional. Cellular signal was pretty bad in the room, as it is on most of the strip, and WiFi was either not working or not offered. I wasn't the person who booked it, so I can't say for sure.. . There's a food court in the restaurant, which is decent if you need something quick and cheap to eat. The Blue Man Group also performs here.. . Overall, my stay at the Monte Carlo was pretty enjoyable. If you can book it for a good price, go for it. It's currently undergoing renovation, though it seems like only the entrance from the strip will be improved.
The rooms are dingy, and customer service is not up to par. I would not recommend this place.
Hmm...I have mixed feelings about this place. . . The Pros:. -Lazy river! :) wave pool!. . The Cons:. -ice vending machine on our floor was not working . -shower head was leaky. -bathroom smelled like smoke even though it was a non-smoking room (bad vent?). -front desk workers contradicted one another and give me different answers when i asked them about the complimentary buffet passes (if you don't know the answer, please ask your supervisor!). -mandatory resort fee. . The $20 resort fee per day also had a 12% tax on it. During check in we tried to get them to waive the fee since we never use the amenities the resort fee is supposed to cover (i.e., coffee and water bottle in the room, printing service, newspaper, etc).  however, their policy is that the fee is mandatory for everyone.. . Also, when we booked our room, it came with 2 complimentary buffets. I was very annoyed that when I asked 3 different people from the front desk how to use the complimentary buffets (like, is it for breakfast? lunch? Is there a max value to it?) they each gave me a different answer. . . Overall, 2.5 but since my previous stays here were not as terrible, I'll round up to 3 stars
I'm not crazy about casinos to begin with, let that be said. I found everything here to be fine, not great, not bad...just fine. For $107 a night, its a great location. It has a indoor pathway to the Aria and City Center next door, so you'll never run out of things to keep you busy. I can't speak to the tables or shows, but the restaurants are above average.
We rented a Jacuzzi Suite overlooking the strip on the last Friday in August.. . It was nice, nothing spectacular.  Much of the room was the standard 'clean' but there were some parts that were badly neglected.. . The carpets were dirty in some areas, the tub had rings and other marks where glasses and tubes ( I don't want to know if they were tubes of toothpaste or lubricant) once were, in other words the maids didn't wipe down the tub surroundings before we got our room.. . The electric curtain and lighting above the tub didn't work.. . Dirty gunk on the backside of a  least one of the nightstands.. . The price was over $250 for the night.  Holiday weekend.
seriously vegas veterans are spoiled.  unless there is a convention in town, this spot is a great deal for the $$.. . we got:. - cheapie rooms!. - tram to the schanmcier spots like bellagio/hello!. - free valet - don't bother parking in self-park and lug in the bags.  it's freeeeee + tip.. . the small VIP club is teeny but we were just there to dance before a 5k race 1.5 hours later.  ok, who am i kidding?  the group raced, i met them at brekkie.. . i'm a foodie not a gambler so i lost a whopping $1.50.. . the food spots do close early but ya'll got feet and it's vegas.  walk a little to the bars and buffets!  might do ya some good - try it in 5" heels for a solid calf work out.. . dings: walls are thin.  we were set until the last night when some family with screaming kiddos moved in next door.  bring ear plugs.. . as for the $20 resort fee - lots of places stick that in. be sure to factor in parking, wifi and other goodies like free brekkie before committing if you are on a budget.  otherwise, just head elsewhere.  it's vegas! take a cab.  better yet, a limo.. . the pool part-ee was fun with unce-unce tunes so like i said, bring ear plugs if you want to sleep in.  the food and alchie is super reasonable. have fun, nap, have more fun, nap, repeat until you take off.. . xx
I definitely had fun at the Monte Carlo. Me and my friends came to celebrate some birthdays and friendships and we had a ball. The Casino wasn't as exciting there vs other hotels on the strip but it was nice. The breakfast buffet was okay, the other fast food restaurants such as subways and McDonalds was definitely over priced though. The pool was fun but I wish the DJ played other music such as hip hop n r&b and pop. It was strictly techno, which was not fun. Some of the wait staff at the pool didn't have the best customer service.
Moderately priced. Located at the South end of the Strip. Pool area is nice, but was dirty and crowded (food wrappers in the pool). Rooms had a good view, but poor soundproofing, no wifi, and no fridge (unless you upgrade to the deluxe rooms).
For this price ,I couldnt ask for anything more.Room was clean,friendly staff,pool was ok.Location wasnt bad.Complimentary WiFi is a big plus!
Location, Location, Location. That's always the most important thing I suppose. Without such I would rate this place 1-2 stars.. . This hotel looks older than many of the others. Very apparent in the bathrooms. The lobby smells very strange. Not bad, but not good at all either. Oh, and walking down to the blvd on the New York New York side smells horrible. Dumpsters out there so hold your nose if you try it. The room smelled weird too. Almost like a bad fruity spray or air freshener. Overall, just lots of weird smells in this place.. . The fact that this hotel connects to the Tram is its biggest asset by far. Tram stops are Crystals/Aria and the Bellagio. The location on the strip isn't too shabby itself just below city center. There was a CVS/Walgreens across the blvd.. . The pool starts playing music around 8:30am. Strange since 1/3 of the rooms are effected by this. 10am seems much more appropriate, maybe even 12pm. Why music so early??? Pool area has a lazy river and sand volleyball, among the typical Vegas pool amenities.. . We caught the Blue Man Group show the first night. There is a 'parade' through the casino (without the blue men) featuring a few props from the show. Kinda cool to see. Not huge though, less than 15 people/things in the parade.. . I would stay here again if I find another awesome vacation package. Without that I wouldn't put much effort into trying to stay here again. Not because it's horrible, there's just a lot of other great options on the strip.. . P.S. no WiFi!!
Got it on a bid from Priceline as a FOUR-star hotel so be warned. Good deal though and all we needed the room for was for sleep. I was totally expecting the worse based on Yelp reviews but it wasn't that bad. . . Checked in around 1 am so and weekend of iHeartradio festival so rooms were sold out and I'm guessing because we got it through Priceline, the lady couldn't give us an upgrade.. . Got a King Deluxe on the 24th floor "strip view" but it was overlooking the bottom half of the hotel so it was kinda ugly but you could see the strip. No torn lamp shades but we did see some white hairs in the bathroom and that was pretty gross. Room is a bit outdated and worn but it served its purpose. . . Hotel was alright..loved the tram to Bellagio. A bit sad we couldn't utilize the pools but it did look like a lotta fun. I would come back...It wasn't like a "Motel 6" experience to me.
I stayed at MC a few years ago and while it wasn't a dump it needed a facelift.  It appears that it's received one.  Not sure about the regular rooms but the junior suite I had was fantastic for the price.  It's about 700 SQ Ft and I enjoyed the extra space in the lounge area and the second bathroom.. . Most important they have improved the beds or the beddings.  The bed was almost as comfortable as a Westin Heavenly bed.. . The front of the MC was fairly bland and restaurant options limited.  They've made big strides with the addition of Diablo.  The Pub has been one of my Strip faves for years and it's still a good option, especially for game day, but it's not quite the value that it used to be.  . . The pool area is much nicer too with the addition of sand volleyball and the wave pool.  The downside to the pool though is that the sun is limited by all the surrounding buildings.  The area in the middle gets sun most of the day but most of the areas have a 4 hour window depending on the time of the day.  . . I'm going to give the MC kudos for stepping up its game and making major improvements.  My one complaint is that they charge premium prices on food & beverage for a non premium hotel.  The MC is in the middle or low end for the MGM franchise and its pool doesn't warrant $14 cocktails.  . . I will compliment the casino for not jacking it's minimums, even on weekend nights you can still find $10 BJ.  Avoid the tables near the front with the Go-Go dancers due to the poor odds.  6-5 BJ rather than 3-2 and no surrender.
I was excited to stay here for the wave pool and lazy river, so we booked it for our last night on Sunday, when there was a cheaper price. . . This place is kind of a let down. It's a bit outdated and old. There's old carpet everywhere that needs cleaning and it just feels old. . . Our room was average, and a bit dirty. The shower was cramped, small and narrow. The shower head leaked a lot, and so the water was always running and we couldn't turn it off fully. The shower spray was also poor because no matter how hard you tried to close the shower curtain, it seemed to always spray outside the shower, leaving the floor wet. . . Also, the clock radio in our room was broken. It wouldn't play any sound. We called and they gave us a new one, but they didn't even take the old one away to repair. The new one was a different model and with both on the nightstand, took up too much room.. . We had a view of the back of NY NY, and the parking lot -- they called it the Mountain View. It's fine; I don't care that much about the view, but thought that was kinda funny. You could see the faint mountains a bit.. . The wave pool was super small and dinky. The waves were very small, and the pool was small. Also, they don't allow tubes or floats in the wave pool, so that kinda sucked. Of course, there's not outside food or drinks in the pool area, so be prepared for that. They will check bags. A plastic water bottle is apparently allowed though.. . The wave pool was OK. It's more fun than a pool, and we brought our own tube with us, but the pool was filled with lots of drunk middle aged people who were standing around at one spot of the river, smoking and spilling drinks, and cluttering up the flow. Every time you went around, it was dreadful to try and make it through the narrow passageway to get by them. It was a constant, gross bottleneck. People shouldn't be allowed to permanently loiter in there while smoking and getting ash in the river. Kinda gross. . . The pool was in the shade and was freezing, so we didn't go in there. Unfortunately the hotel and others nearby create huge shadows in the pool area, and actually made it too cold in some spots. I didn't expect that in Vegas, but be warned. The hot tub was alright.. . The location is OK. It's across from M&M World, and Coca Cola, but it's kinda far from the main hub of the strip. . . I stayed here because I wanted a great pool, but I'm not sure I would come back for that as it was a let down. If I found a decent price, I'd prefer to stay at Mandalay Bay for their pool facilities, or Flamingo for their water slide, great location and cheap rates. I'm not convinced I'd come back here. It desperately needs a renovation.
2.5 Stars. . I would consider Monte Carlo to be a mid-level Vegas hotel. It's not fancy & nice like the Wynn or Cosmo, where you want all your friends to know that you're staying there. However it does not belong with the Excalibur and Circus Circus class either, where you DON'T want people to come hang out in your hotel room. . . I've stayed at the Monte Carlo a few times now, the most recent being in September. We booked a block of rooms. It was great that they let us check in early (without having to pay a fee like Planet Hollywood) and managed to keep all the rooms on the same floor. . . The room itself definitely needs a face lift. (Hopefully they will get around to it after they have completely the exterior renovations.) You can see the age in the furniture. We stayed in both the Diamond Suite and also the normal Deluxe room. The Deluxe room is your typical hotel room, no frills. The Diamond Suite was of course bigger. Loved the 2 people jacuzzi in the bathroom. The tub literally had 2 spots wide enough for 2 people to be side by side of one another. (Which is great since the typical jacuzzi is much smaller and you can't lay down.) The bedroom is separated from the rest of the suite. The living area had its own separate restroom, along with everything you would expect in a typical living room. There is also a wet bar that came with a mini fridge (not stocked) and a sink.. . Nearly all of the hotels on the Strip has imposed the daily resort fee and the Monte Carlo is no different. Internet is included in the cost however the fact that the rooms do not have WiFi makes me not too thrill with having to pay for something that I can not use (there is a hardline that you can use for internet but my iPad and my phone sure as hell don't have those ports!). Aside from the "internet",  you get 2 (small) bottles of water and Keurig coffee. . . One thing I do like about the Monte Carlo: LOCATION. It's almost to the center of the Strip and if you forget anything, there is a CVS right next door (food, drinks, souvenir, etc.). . Would I stay here again? Sure, why not. It has the potential to be a great hotel. Hope the remodeling will make it so that it will be a place where I would WANT to book instead of being a backup hotel.
cheap hotel rates for sure. but the rooms are just okay. This hotel is considered old and I think they should fix up the hotel rooms a bit. I do like the location of this hotel, even though it's located toward the south side of the strip, they have a monorail that will take you to Aria, City Center and Bellagio. In fact you can just walk to Aria without going outside. No need to worry about scorching hot weather or rainy seasons. . . If you want a decent room and good rate, I recommend this hotel. But do not think this is mirage status, it's one step lower. Don't even compare to bellagio or higher. . . If you don't care about fancy schmancy rooms, and your idea of a room is just a place to sleep, then Monte Carlo is agood stay. The pools are pretty nice: man made beach and lazy river. You will be close to the more popular clubs: hakkasan, marquee, etc.
Stayed here last year with a lady friend her friend in me but overall this place is really nice in a great location
Definitely in need of an upgrade.  But if you're looking to stay on the strip for a reasonable price, this fits the bill.  Everything, while dated, is clean and manageable.  Pool is nothing like other pools on the strip.  It's definitely not Luxury, which is what they're going for since that word is printed everywhere in their hotel.
I didn't love but I didn't hate this hotel. My recent stay here was my first and I truly wouldn't mind staying here again. The husband and I booked this hotel at a great price due to the fact that they are having some construction outside. We were helped by a friendly desk person who was also helpful and answered all our questions (mLife rewards, redeeming myVegas rewards, pubs/lounges/bars near by and even restaurant ). We were given our room key and helped within less than a few minutes. The lobby had a pretty Christmas tree already set up, a bar and a few benches to sit at. Our room was in the 17th floor with the view of a a few of the hotels on the strip. The room is indeed in HIGH need of a remodel. The tv is very outdated, there is a few pieces of the wall paper coming out, the tub was cracked, the lighting is sooo bad and the colors are pretty dull. The room itself isn't very welcoming but for the price we paid, we didn't mind. We didn't have any noise complaints, the bed was ok in comfort and the water in the shower was hot and steamy. I did not like though that the reception in our room was terrible! I later found out that there is only wifi in the first two floors, boooo!!!Better reception would make this place a lot better. I was also sad that the ice machine in our floor was broken, therefore we had to go one floor up to get ice.. . . I loved the location of this hotel and casino! It is so close to the tram and near the middle of the strip. Being that it was a rainy weekend, I had no trouble getting from Monte Carlo, Aria, Vdara and even the Cosmopolitan without getting too wet just by taking the tram and walking through the casinos. Excalibur and Luxor are across the street and Monte Carlo is walking distance from Coca Cola Factory and M and M World... very very convenient in my opinion. . . Monte Carlo has a decent size gambling casino downstairs with plenty of roulette tables, poker tables and slot machines to test your luck in. They have a Starbucks as well, The Brand Steakhouse, a Buffet and The Pub. If you want to catch a show, Monte Carlo currently has the Blue Man group.
If you don't know someone who can get you a comp'd room in Vegas, then Montel Carlo is a good choice for the location, price and amenities. It's centrally located on the strip so you have easy access to City Center, Bellagio and the other nicer parts of Vegas. I've always had a good experience with the front desk, valet and housekeeping, but then again I'm not in my room much when I visit Vegas.
If you want to stay on the strip and not having to break the bank, Monte Carlo is your place.. . The staff are friendly and courteous. We checked in around midnight and since we were in a city that never sleeps, we had to wait in line for quite a bit. Luckily, check-in was a breeze and off we were to our room, tired and exhausted from our drive.. . Our room looked pretty outdated. It was simple, two beds, a tv, dresser, writing desk and a chair. The overall interior was kind of depressing to me with the curtain and carpet color. Oh and walls are really thin between the rooms. Our next door neighbor was not a happy camper after hearing my toddler's cries. It was classy of them to bang our walls and let us know. . . The bathroom was spacious, complete with basic toiletries and again, outdated. Housekeeping didn't replace our shampoo and conditioner the next day nor were there any complimentary bottles of water for drinking on our first day. We had to find a cart on our floor to ask for some. Meanwhile, flushing the toilet makes this loud obnoxious noise which can be annoying especially when you're asleep and someone uses the bathroom at night. . . Here we are finally having our much needed rest and the smoke detector starts sending off a chirping sound every 3-5 seconds. We called it in and they say the battery needs changing. We had to wait a good half hour before someone came to our room to fix it. Not a very good first night...chirp...chirp...chirp!. . Morning came and I'm just glad the hotel houses a Starbucks along with other fast food eateries such as Subway and Sbarro. All I wanted was my caffeine before hitting the buffets so that was a good start.. . I can't say much about their casino as I don't gamble but Ignite Bar has happy hour from midnight to 2am on weekdays. It's located right at the Las Vegas Blvd. entrance of the hotel in the casino area. For other entertainment, check out their deals for The Blue Man Group show. . . They were nice enough to give us a late check-out 'til noon. When checking out, you can either do it the old-fashioned way or check-out via your room TV. It's faster and more convenient compared to lining up at the front desk. . . Would I come back? If the price is right, yes! Located on the strip with a tram that connects to CityCenter and Bellagio, their location is pretty much their saving grace. Valet is free but can take a while during peak hours. I'm all for walking to the garage to burn off all the buffet food!
This was my first trip to Vegas, and I was pretty happy staying at the Monte Carlo. Great location on the strip, right in the middle of everything. It's also incredibly convenient that the free tram is nearby. . . The Monte Carlo is much less fancy spancy than many other resorts, but it averaged out to under $80 per night over Thanksgiving weekend. The price is right, and we barely spent any time in the hotel room anyway. Just for sleeping and showering. Spending less on hotel means more money for dining and entertainment!. . I don't have any complaints about cleanliness of our hotel room, but the decor was quite outdated. It was pretty difficult to turn the shower faucet. Some of the furniture was pretty worn out too. Internet is included in the resort free, but there is no wifi available (only wired internet) above the second floor. . . There's some construction going on at Monte Carlo and New York New York. Looks like both places will be getting some upgrades soon.
I went to Las Vegas with three girlfriends in July 2013 and we wanted somewhere with a great location that was cheap.  I read a ton of yelp reviews and decided to take a chance on the Monte Carlo.  And overall, I was glad that I did.  . . We checked in two hours prior to the "official" check-in time and the staff was very accommodating, even upgrading us to an upper-floor, strip view.  We went up to the room and were initially quite pleased.  But if yelp has taught me anything, it's to check the bedspreads.  And sure enough, one of them had a nasty stain. Yuck!   I pulled back the covers and found a hair.  Yep.  So it had to go.  I tore the bedding off the bed and called housekeeping to bring us new bedding and some extra towels.  We went down to the pool for a couple of hoursand when we came back the beds had been remade and everything was clean.  The desk chair had a stain and the furniture was pretty outdated, but overall we were pretty satisfied with our room. We did choose to stay here because it was cheap after all...  . . The location didn't disappoint.  The Monte Carlo is a short walk from the Strip, which makes it easy to walk to a lot of other casinos and restaurants.  We didn't spend that much time at the MC, opting to walk through the other casinos and hang out in the nightclubs at the Paris and the Wynn.  There is a decent food court near the pool entrance at the Monte Carlo which was convenient for breakfast and lunch when we didn't want anything that would take long or cost a lot. . . Part of why we chose the Monte Carlo was the pool, which we all enjoyed. The poolside food and beverage service was a total disappointment though (we couldn't get a server since we weren't in a cabana!) but we were able to snag some free chairs and circle the lazy river on inner tubes.  The pool clientele was pretty laid back and there weren't that many kids around (which we appreciated).  The Monte Carlo pools have their own yelp reviews that I would encourage you to check out if pools are important to you.  . . Overall I would definitely recommend this casino to the budget traveler.  It's affordable, relatively clean (once you call housekeeping!), and well located.
My husband and I stayed in this hotel for 4 days. We walked up and down the strip and found this hotel to be one of the nicest. The place is newer and very clean. The inside has one of the nicer casinos. The staff is pretty friendly.
Monte Carlo Hotel and Resort = Monaco Themed . Opened June 21, 1996. . Recently, I received an offer online from my Mlife for, Buy One Night - Get One Free, I couldn't turn it down because of the free night, plus they had the lazy river ride. =D. . Being one of the older hotels on the strip, I didn't expect much based on the Yelp reviews and not being update and have ethernet wasn't really an issue for me. . . Cleanliness and customer service are big factors for me!. . Asusual, when driving from Southern California, I always use the self parking garage because valet is just a waste of time! Just dropping off your car and picking it up is just  unnecessary for me. Checking in, the front desk clerk was friendly and tried to do the usual as any other agent and upgrade me to a more expensive room but I declined. My deluxe room needed to be renovated to 2013's standards but it was very clean. The bathroom was outdated as well the water pressure from the shower was weak!   . . They offer budget friendly eats like a food court to the more expensive restaurants like Brand. A few shops here and there for the typical Vegas tourists and the drink waitresses weren't around as much, maybe I picked a bad location in the casino to gamble. =/  . . This isn't the Bellagio, Aria, or Caesar's Palace, but it did get the job done. I hope the renovations modernize the hotel rooms as well as the 90's style casino. I would give Monte Carlo another try after the renovations. For now, it's 3 stars for me.
With all the elite casinos and large new casinos, this place seems outdated.  Small in comparison, this casino just doesn't have the atmosphere of other exciting places.  Having said that, it still is a nice place.  The rooms are nice but basic.  Restaurant choices are limited, but not bad.  Shopping is limited, but a small alley to the Aria offers some choices and cross the strip for some good Vegas souvenirs.  The CVS is next door and is extremely convenient if you stay here.  You can take the tram to Aria and Bellagio, but it's a good hike to get to it.  NY NY is next door but again is a good hike.  Given other casinos in the area, I probably won't stay here again, but there really isn't anything wrong with it.  It just doesn't have the excitement nearby.
Actually I am being generous for rating the hotel a 3 STAR. It's more like 21/2. It's not the Monte Carlo I remembered. When we got to our room, I immediately noticed there were spots on my comforter, so I thought I do a thorough inspection just for the heck of it. OMG! I was glad I did. Not only was my comforter dirty but my pillow cases and bed sheets were too. It looked dingy and I don't know what the spots were!! I called the front desk and they said I could get a new room but we were too tired to change rooms. I just asked them to come change it.  . . As I was waiting for house keeping, I went to the bathroom, GROSS!! remnants of barf was still on the side of he sink and lower wall!!  It seemed like forever so I called the front desk again and told them I was disgusted by the second and for them to send someone up pronto! Eeeeekkk!!  Ironic part is that house keeping was 2 doors down from me!!!! Why did it take them so long!! When the cleaning lady came in, I showed her everything detail and she asked me if I had been there long!!! I TOLD HER I JUST CHECKED IN!! The nerve!!! Needless to say, I willNOT stay here again!! I probably brought bed bugs home!!! Inspect what you expect people!! If they offer you another room? TAKE IT!!!
Here on my Honeymoon. . . This is a decent place. Clean but out dated. Our room looks towards the Strip. However, it yields the view of less the than ideal. It's no parking lot, so please don't get me wrong. The Bellagio, Caeser's Palace, Wynn and Paris are in a much better location. . .  Pub and Blue Man Group are here. Both are not to miss Las Vegas attractions.
Not bad, the rooms have a decent view and the hotel is clean and nice.  The only drawback is the extra smoky casino and resort fees.
