Wonderful churriscaria. Came here because we planned on going to the RumJungle (which is now closed). Great foods, sides bar had some surprises (lobster bisque, crab rolls) but just didn't quite measure up to my old favorite digs (RumJungle).  Great selection of meats, my favorites ended up being the beef ribs and the pork ribs, everything from tenderloin to turkey. And it arrives FAST.. . Made 745 reservations, checked in at 7 and waited in the bar til about 8. But overall a good experience
Been here Three times i like to come here when we get a two for one in the email (just sign up for the email club and get free dinners) we had 7:30 reservations and didnt get in untill 8:00. and was so busy that the salad bar was coverd with people. nowhare to get in we circled two times before finally cutting in. The peppercorn sauce was awesome, the meats were alright lamb was nasty smelling and tasteing.Maybe it was old? blah lost my appitite after smelling it. its not worth the fifty dollars a peice but two for one is great.My honey is sick of this place,if i could talk him in to going again maybe we will go back.
Sign up for eclub and got 25% off, can't wait to try.. . Very nice restaurants, and "VERY" popular on Friday night, two people without reservation, we was wait for 2 hours for a tabel and keep extend for waiting time...(-one star). . Lobster Bisque a little bit salty, salad bar was really good, picanha very  tasty, filet mignon was ok, filet mignon wrapped in bacon was overcook,  flank steak...REALLY REALLY SALTY...(-one star). Compare with our next day's 24 hours meals "Buffet of Buffets" $39.99 per person...I "LOVE" Buffet of Buffets better.. . P.S. Waitress was very nice and refills very quicky.
Salt, salt, salt, and more salt.. . Hey...the meat there is pretty salty.  But it's good stuff.  They can be a little cheap on the premium meats like beef ribs - which are spectacular.  Instead, they'll bring around the parmesan chicken and such about 10 times as often.  Boo.  . . I have been there about 10 times and have to say it was better when I first went there.  Not sure if it was the "novelty" or whether the quality has deteriorated.  The salad bar is still solid with a surprisingly high quality romaine lettuce.  But you really go for the meat and last time I went they only had about 5-6 kinds of meat to bring around.  For $50/person that is not gonna cut it Texas de Brazil.  . . Sides they bring to your table also are not great.  The cheese bread has been sitting under a heat lamp for too long.  Again, for $50/person you can afford to bake those throughout the night.  What else if your kitchen doing?
3.5 stars.  Quite a lot of hoopla for this place.  While I can't really complain because my meal was paid for as a business treat, I do have an opinion.  If I were paying, $55 per head, I wouldn't come here.  The amount that is charged is really over the top given the amount of meat you come away with.  The place has a glorious salad bar that serves as a significant filler and distraction from the meat, so at $55 per head the profits are beyond staggering I'm sure.. . The salad bar did have scrumptious temptations; parm and prosciutto, fresh salads, and lovely vegetables.  Sadly, the meat didn't really impress me.  I tried their Brazilian beef (I forget the name), the filet, and garlic sirloin.  The flank steak I requested was dropped on my plate raw.  I am not a picky meat eater, and I don't mind eating rare meats, but this was flesh raw.  He split before I could say anything.  Never did get the guy who had the filet wrapped in bacon. :(  The garlic sirloin was actually the best out of all I tried.      . . Overall, a very nice treat, I give them that, but the whole experience and the other clientele seems just too bought in to the hype.
I had a friend who reads my blog come into town and take me to dinner. . It was really kind of fun to go here because I had heard all the hype about Texas De Brazil . . We met and were sat in the back, The first thing I noticed was what a noisy restaurant it is. . So not really a good place for intimate dining. . The food was tasty, But we were served like the three same meats twice. I have to say that I really prefer Yolies or Via Brasil in comparison.. The service was good and they did have a good salad bar. . Buit frankly it is a chain... and though it was good , I really don't think it lived up to the hype.. but hey that's me.
Went here to redeem my free birthday dinner that I received through email. The restaurant is situated inside of Town square which makes it convenient if you choose to go shopping before or after. Their salad bar didn't really have a huge variety, well none that really appealed to me. Their meats were too salty and sometimes it would take forever for someone to stop by our table and bring us something. Their selection of meats wasn't very wide. The only really good thing about this restaurant is their dessert. Their cheesecake is so delicious you must try it. If not for that birthday coupon I wouldn't waste my money coming here. I've tasted other Brazillian steakhouses that are way better.
I've been to a few Brazilian BBQs/churrascariain LA and SF and this was the first one that I've been to in Las Vegas. I've heard good things about this place as an all you can eat Brazilian steakhouse and I'm always ready to eat. We went after a very long bike ride and were starving. They have a great selection at their salad bar with numerous fresh vegetables, salads and salsas to go with the meat. They also have some seafood selections, and I liked the spicy shrimp ceviche they had. . . Now for the meat - they have about 15-20 different types of meat that they bring to your table on long skewers for you to taste. They range from numerous steak options, beef ribs, lamb chops, chicken, pork and more, all in different types of spices, garlic, and even bacon wrapped. We tried every single type of meat and then asked for seconds, thirds and more of our favorite ones. It's definitely a carnivore's dream as you can eat and eat and eat as much meat as you possibly can stuff your face with. . . The only drawback to this place is that I feel that the meats are a bit over seasoned and on the saltier side. I've been to other places that don't use as much salt/seasoning. The price is decent but I think a bit high for dinner compared to other places that I have been to. Overall a good place to get all you can eat Brazilian steak in Las Vegas.
This place is a lot like Las Vegas; flashy and nice to look at, but you suddenly find your money gone and you feel like the house pulled one over on you.. . I like the idea of the churrascaria; all you can eat meat?! Sure, yes please.  A whole meal of meat? Well.... If you have a large party, it's nice to be able to eat so quickly at a nice place. Our service was excellent, knowledgeable, and way on top of things. And the setting is just lovely, a nice space to be in. Five Stars.. . The meat just kept coming, from pork loin to bacon-wrapped chicken and filet mignon to lamb chops. I found myself overcome by the sheer volume of it, but the meats themselves were just okay, not great.  For those prices, it should be both novel (served on a spit) and great-tasting. We found the mass-cooked meats to be dry at times, undercooked in others. A bummer, when you get a piece of filet that is cooked like a porkchop. Not even bacon-wrapping could save that. Four stars.. . Finally, the salad bar. Myself, I like a big, fresh salad to go along with something rich and heavy like...copious amounts of meat, in this case.  I found the ingredients at the salad bar to be good, each on their own merits, but they were Very poorly orchestrated. It was a lot of fancy items that didn't really go together, I couldn't make a fancy salad, per se, the side dishes, the potatoes and soup, et al (the hot stuff), were great on their own, but weren't really part of the salad bar except by proximity. I found myself making up this odd, piecemeal salad plate with some romaine lettuce with bacon and croutons and dressing,I guess? And also a ball of mozzarella? and goat cheese? and marinated zucchini that didn't really go with anything, but was weird on its own? and there's some bread around the corner? and sushi. and so on.  It wasn't a salad bar so much as an "other stuff" bar. Three stars.. . When I come to Vegas, I come as a tourist, perhaps the locals have found redeeming qualities I haven't. My money is better spent at one of the top casino buffets, me thinks.   A novel idea, just not well-executed given what you're paying.
If I had to compare Via De Brasil to Texas De Brazil, VDB would win hands down! Yes TDB is closer (located near McCarran airport), but I would rather drive an extra 10 minutes and here are the reasons why:. . 1) The Food: VDB had a greater selection and variety of meats to try. At Via, I believe there were at least 16 different types of offerings while at TDB, I felt like the same 8 meats came around over and over again. We also felt that TDB's meats were extra salty, leading us to drink more water than we wanted to. Everyone knows that H2O is the number 1 thing to avoid at AYCE since that means less tummy capacity for meat!!. . 2) Ambience: VDB defnitely had a more classy ambience than TDB. The lighting was more romantic and tables were not crowded in the dining room as it was at TDB.. . 3) Service: At VDB, we felt like we were high rollers. From the water boy to the head waiter, we were treated with white gloves. At TDB, the wait staff was friendly..BUT I felt like they were over-selling us on their drinks (pushy would be a bit more accurate) and desserts. Also, we had 1 friend who hadn't finished eating and was taking a digestion break when the waiter walked over and you could tell he wanted us out of there so that he could make his next tip from a new table. He kept on asking my friend if he was done and then sent over more meat to our table so that our friend could hurry up and finish eating. NEVER at VDB did we feel rushed or that they wanted us out of there.... . So, what are some Pros for TBD:. . 1) Price but the difference is very minimal, like $3.. 2) Somoene mentioned that TDB's salad bar was better but the only main thing I liked at TDB's salad bar more was their prosiutto. Other than that first salad trip bar, my tummy space was saved for the CARNE!. . To give TDB some credit, friends who had never tried VDB thought that TBD was pretty good. But those of us who had tried both definitely preferred VDB.. . Folks, take my advice and head over to VDB instead. You wont regret it!
My boyfriend and I decided to try this place out for our anniversary since everyone recommended it to us. We went here on a Friday night; reservations for 7:30 and we were seated around 7:45. Not bad! It was pretty busy which I expected since it was a Friday. . . When we were seated our server explained the red side and green side. I noticed all the meat they had and the salad bar. I decided to go to the salad bar before eating some meat. The salad bar looked delicious! I was excited to see that they had lobster bisque as the soup of the day. . . They had a lot of meat to choose from. I wasn't too impressed with some of the meat because some of it was loaded with sodium. The chicken was a little dry and the sausage was just a-ok.
This place is located way south on the strip in a shopping mall enclave. One can take the Deus Bus here so if you don't want to take a cab its an option. . First time I walked in I didn't know what to expect as I have been Brazilian AYCE steak places and usually they are usually run of the mill stuff. . Next comes the sticker shock as it is pricey but you get decent mileage for what you pay here. . The place started filling up fast as it opened a good sign IMO. . There is salad buffet along with some other knick knacks like sushi etc. meh nothing special here except the Lobster Bisque so I would skip most of the items here. . Never mind meat is the star here and boy do they bring it out one serving after the other. I liked the filet and lamb as they were quite tasty. Chicken was nothing special and a lot of other meat were just OK. Though I must point out I did find it overly salty. Maybe thats how its supposed to be at a Churrascaria but I had to drink a lot of water just to keep up. . Wine selection seems good. I also got a dessert (Creme Brulee) which was OK as well though I didn't realize they charge extra for it. . Now comes the big question do I prefer it over a proper steak house and there are quite a few in Vegas? well NO. It is better than other buffet options on the strip if you are a carnivore like me and this one of the better Churrascaria I have tried.. 3.5 Stars when all said and done.
Well, the best way to describe my experiences with TDB is hit and miss,,,. I've been 2 times,, the 1st was Fantastic,, juicy, flavorful cuts of meats, outrageous salad bar, best I've seen! And great service,,,. the 2nd time,, not so much,, EVERY cut of meat was so overly salted, me and my family could hardly eat it!! Believe me, I am a SALT FAN big time,, but this was way over the top. I spoke to the manager,, very kind, and asked for some unsalted cuts, said sorry but that meats are prepared earlier and have been marinated in the seasonings,, oh well,,, for the price,, over $40 for dinner,,, I was not happy,,,. All I can say is good luck,, hope you get my 1st experience,,,the last one was not a pleasant one,,
I've been to several steakhouses like this across the U.S.  The fare served here is standard brazilian churrascaria... as far as experience, pretty top notch but the drinks were decent and food short of exceptional.  It's certainly a place to visit at least once but with so many eateries per square mile, would you really want to?  oh, and they also had dessert available which no one in their right mind would have room for at the end but looked good anyway.  Why do they do this???
WOW  that was one expensive buffett.
Hmm.... not sure about this place.  I re-read my review and it is funny that I got sick there.  I took my cousin there a few months ago, and he got sick too, like really sick.  Not sure what that's about.  It is too bad, because I like the food a lot.
Good overall. Wish some of the cuts were more rare and less slty. We had a large party and it was perfect for that.
The staff is great.  Very attentive and friendly.  I had to flip my button thing over a few times saying I didn't want food - not because my stomach was full, but because the cooks were coming around too often.. . I love the cheese bread.  I love the prime rib.  I love all the meat actually.  Unfortunately on this last trip all the meats were very salty.  I ended up stopping my meal a little earlier than usual because I just didn't want to taste the salt anymore.. . I wish they had some "exotic" foods like rattlesnake, buffalo, ostrich, or something like that.. . Now I know all-you-can-eat filet mignon isn't cheap, but the prices here are ridiculous.  I only ever bother coming if we have a half off coupon.
Rex Marvin is nothing if not a hard working fellow.  There is proof to back that statement. Among the other things you know about Rex, there was the 4 years Rex spent artificially inseminating cows in Japan...the wear and tear on your soul...and your hips...is hard work. Those cows are insatiable. There was the 2 years Rex spent working on that giant tug boat...Kirstie Alley. There is a many years of standing on street corners around this great country teaching everyone how to be awesome or how to bleed from their forehead...whatever they wanted. There are dice game organizer, rat trapper, trap ratter (hard to explain), mobile lab set up man, Andre The Giant's personal bartender, hand rolling tampons in Indonesia...and much, much more. Rex works hard for his money.  When Rex goes out to eat Rex wants tastes. Rex wants value. Rex wants it all. (Much like the Nigerians want from Rex when he sends out those emails...but Rex nevers gives ALL the banking information. By the way, all of you are entitled to 5 million dollars if you just send Rex 10,000 for bank fees and all of your banking information. Trust Rex...if you dare.)  So it stands to reason that such a good, honest, hardworking Rex would love a great buffet.   He has tried them all. Has some good experiences.  Texas De Brazil, no matter what  you call it, IS a glorified buffett.  Rex has been there many times.. . The first few times Rex went to Texas De Brazil the large selection and the never ending meat (just like Rex's pants) made him dizzy (just like Rex did for Ms. Alley...that and 10lbs of Kit Kats).  Rex was blinded by the dizzying, gut busting, array of food. If asked 1 year ago Rex would have given it a 5 out of 5.  Rex can't do that anymore, something he told his Japanese overlords after a 52 day inseminating spree fuelled by roofies, sake and viagra. (Note...those cows take a LOT of roofies even Rex's homemade Mento/gas/ammonia/gunpowder kind!). . Lets start with the least annoying issue...the inconsistent meat. Much like those lovely cows...all meat has it's own issues and qualities. (Rex KNOWS cows...more than any man should...and a lot of cows know Rex...so trust Rex...if you dare.) Sometimes the temperatures won't be right or some meat will be a little tougher or grainier than others. Rex understands that. It is a volume business, it isn't Kobe beef...it is good cuts but not great. You won't get amazing cuts for 50 bucks all you can eat. In this case though...you should...and why.... . ...bigger issue...the sides all seem (or are) store bought. For example, the manager told us that the mozzarella balls are bought from one of their vendors. Right down the road is a deli Rex has recommended here (Cuginos)...that makes their own. Making your own mozzarella isn't all that hard. Rex has done it. This is an "upscale" or "high end" buffet...they could make their own sides. Rex will also bet all of his sweet memories with Bessie the brown cow...that the lobster bisque and at least half the sides are bought pre-made. The more Rex see's it and tastes it, it is ALWAYS the same. There is very little deviation in the flavor profile that says either the consistency is truly spectacular, or it is made somewhere else and brought in. Plus, if you aren't making your own mozzarella, which is easy, you aren't making a decent and consistently consistent lobster bisque which is harder...much harder. Especially when the meat and chicken is NEVER consistent. . . Third problem...is the service. I am not just talking about servers that bring the meat and sometimes just grunt at you. I am talking about your waiter or waitress that often times sit you at your seat and sometimes never sees you again until you ask for the check. Rex is talking about the water service that often seems painfully slow or smothering.   It is just all very inconsistent. . . Rex doesn't want to bash it too badly. When done well, and it is hit and miss, Texas De Brazil IS GOOD bordering on very, very good. If you don't mind the premade brought in side dishes, then you are fine. For me...I wish they cooked more and bought less. If crappy downtown buffets can make their food...so can a place charging at least 35 for lunch and 50 for dinner!. . The cows...and the ladies know...more is better...and Sexy Rexy gives them more than they can handle (if 2.3 inches is more than they can handle for 8 seconds.) For food...more is better is not always true.
Not as good as Fogo de Chao, not in terms of food quality nor service.. It's still decent, and I'd go back there, but given the choice between the two, there's no contest in my mind.. . Still - slight edge to Texas for a more diverse salad bar, and more desert selections.  But, you came here to eat meat, right?
I've loved this place since the first time we tried it. Sure, it's expensive. Sure, the waitstaff tend to sneer at you when your group has a coupon. But the meat is always good (if a little on the salty side) and the salad bar? I can't rave enough about it.. . So let's break it down:. . Without going into a whole lot of detail, whenever we eat there, we get sick. Like, HURRY home sick. So we don't go there anymore, which makes me sad. I wish I could figure out what it is that makes us so sick because I would just avoid that one thing and enjoy everything else.. . It's very sad-making.. . Also, avoid going for lunch. The service isn't anywhere NEAR as good as dinner and there are no free refills for drinks. Additionally, the selection of meats seems to be reheated from the previous night.
This place has an amazing salad bar and the meat is great when the restaurant is busy and you request an inside cut of meat.  The outside cut is eXtremely salty and virtually uneatable.  Enroll in the online club and its worth the money.. . I like it, but without the coupons I would not eat there more than once every couple years...
Hate to drop the review, but either I came on a bad night, or the service and cooking quality is going down.. . Let's start with service.... . We had a decent sized party (not too big though), and it seemed like we were getting ignored by the meat servers.  We kept getting the same guy bringing the parm chicken and lamb chops, but where are the other meat choices??  I did not get offered filet mignon with bacon the ENTIRE night.. . I asked the server if they still offered it, which he said they did, and would have it right over.  It took almost 20min for the server to come back and check on me, and they still didn't show up.  Another 10min later, I finally get it.  That's right, almost a half hour...not counting the normal dinner time of not seeing it.. . Now the meats..... . Almost everything was undercooked or overcooked.  They would bring over top sirloin for instance, telling me it is medium to medium rare (which is perfect for me), but when they cut it, I get a bloody rare.  I can eat around the edges, but left a lot of the super rare meat on my plate.  Lots of other meats came out well done...most had no pink in the middle at all.. . The icing on the cake was the fact that we were gonna go try the "other" place...the one that rhymes with "Bogo" LOL, and the friends in charge changed last minute...a big disappointment for sure
I thought the restaurant was beautiful and the staff were nice natives from Brazil, but the salad bar was not impressive. In fact, The taste was salty and quality was ok. Too pricey for what is delivered.. The meats were good I wouldnt go back with my party of 8.
So I came here for my birthday becuse this is where I wanted to celebrate it and this is NOT the first time I've been here either. The food continues to be amazing but sadly the day I chose to come must of been a bad day because the service was horrible for such a classy restaurant. I remember when I first came here, I was amazed about the service as well as the food. First off, waiters and managers walked by but not one person came by to offer us more drinks or ask how the food was, I was more shocked when the manager did not come over to our table yet he managed to go to the other two (2) in our section. Secondly, next to our table, was a piece of sausage and once agian, NOBODY picked it up, not the waiters or managers,...WOW!!! that piece of sausage stayed on that floor  throughout our dinner. . . I would recommend this place just becasue the food is good but if the service does not pick up again, the I would suggest people go to Fogo de Chao located on Flamingo Rd because that place in my opinion has now ranked to # 1 here in Vegas.
This review will probably get lost in the 100s that have preceded it, but I feel like my opinion should be known anyway. That's so Yelpy of me. : ). . Honestly, it's really not worth it to eat at this restaurant. Great service and pretty good food, but I have had a waaaaay better experience at a churrascaria for way less, I'm talking $26/person for buffet and that restaurant offered snake, alligator, etc. in addition to the normal variety. So, I was not impressed by Texas de Brazil.. . First of all, their meats weren't very exotic. They had chicken, beef, pork and one lamb variety. They had garlic and bacon-wrapped variations, but that was it. Furthermore, they were "just okay", nothing that made me want to drool.. . Rice, mashed potatoes, and the bananas were very good side dishes, but you are at this restaurant for the meat, right? My favorite thing was the pao de queijo AKA cheesy, soft, delicious, heavenly bread.. . We got free cake. It was our anniversary and my man's birthday just a few days before. That was a nice touch, so I did write a raving review about my waitress on the comment card. But, unless I have a coupon, I won't be coming back here.
A bit disappointed for the price we paid. For the four of us, it cost over $200. The salad bar was okay and the meat was sub par. Although the service was impeccable, was expecting a little more food quality wise.
Everything was great, with the exception of the blonde hostess at the front. When I asked about my table she said it was going to be a couple minutes. 30 minutes goes by and I ask again. She gets upset by grabbing the pager from me and slams it in the charger. Then I ate which made up for the bad hostess  Really rude blonde hostess. She needs to be fired!!!! She just made the place look bad.
This is a beautiful restaurant, but the service and food were on an okay level.  I was here with a party of 8, on a semi busy night.  We were sat on time, which is always nice.  . . The service was alright, kept having to ask for refills and side dishes.  And there are times where we wouldn't even see a meat server for 5+ minutes at a time.  I would understand if the place was slammed, but it definitely wasn't that busy. . . The food was ok, majority of the meats tasted TOO salty.  My two favorite meats that night were the bacon wrapped filet mignon and the lamb chops.
I went here last year when I went to Vegas for business.  They have a nice bar and the place is nicely decorated.  Since this place is a steakhouse you would think the best part is the meat right?  Wrong.  I found the meat to be overcooked and a little too salty.  It was still edible and tasty but for almost $50 a person it wasn't worth it.  The salad bar was killer.  Calling it a salad bar is a little misleading since they had soup, salad, sushi rolls, salmon, and much more.  I found the salad bar to be better than the meats.  The bananas to wash your palette were tasty.  In the end is it worth $47-$50 not including dessert?  Not really, but it was a fun ayce experience none the less. . I did get a piece of the turtle cheesecake, it was nicely decorated but it looked like it was make days ago and it was way too sweet . . This weekend I am going to one in NY so I will see if it is any better here
The food was pretty good. It's a pretty cramped space, but it's worth it for the experience. The manager made gluten free cheese bread for me since I was concerned about cross contamination of the bread on salad bar since it was next to egg rolls and I get really sick with the slightest cross contamination. We might go back again, but not for full price, we would wait for a deal to come up.
The service was very good.  They feed you until you can't eat anymore.  The food was just OK though not great.  The banana pie for desert is a 12 out of 10.  It was awesome.  the creme Brule was horrible.
Before my favorite churrascaria opened, I used to go here. Although it's cheaper here and they're open for lunch everyday and they have goat cheese at the salad bar, the service and food quality is marginal. . . They have the usual Brazilian BBQ salad bar items such as smoked salmon, lettuce, tomatoes, mushrooms, asparagus, cheeses, olives, salami, beans and rice etc. They give you pao de queijo, fried bananas and mashed potatoes. The meats include chicken, beef, pork, sausage and lamb. I've tried their Key Lime pie, cheesecake, flan and chocolate mousse all of which were just ok.. . The gaucho guys seem to take longer going around and when I come to a churrascaria, I come famished...waiting cannot happen. They seem careless too. I'd have blood/ oil/ meat juice drip next to my plate or my arm! Obrigadinha!. . Out of the churrascaria's in Vegas. FdC on Flamingo is #1 on my list, TdB is #2, VB in Summerlin is #3...and that P place in Planet Hollywood? Forget it!
Great food! Great service! Our waitress, Sam, was on point and attentive to our needs. Since this was our first time in the restaurant, she gladly explained how everything worked. When she greeted us at the front, she wished my daughter Happy Birthday! That showed she was ready before we arrived. . . Everything was delicious! But I highly recommend the lobster bisque, house special and filet mignon!
I am not much of a meat eater, but I have to say that the meat is not that great. Too salty for my taste and the employees do not seem to understand the concept of their own " do no interrupt" signal. They bombard you with more and more. Almost all their meat is wrapped in bacon. This is rather annoying since I don't eat pig at all. Their salad bar is less than impressive. I rate it 3 stars due to the staff being friendly and helpful. . . If you are a big meat eater, you will enjoy this place. Also, if you like meat with lots of salt.
