If want a lot of food in a friendly and casual atmosphere, this is the place. I had a half a BBQ chicken w/ Mac and cheese and cole slaw. It was more than enough food. Mixed with cold beer, a table outside, and quick, friendly service, this is a great casual meal.
I heard a lot about this place and their bbq ribs & sauce. I finally ate here and well...I rather go to famous dave's but their mac & cheese is good :)
This place is a Solid B.  As a guy from KC I feel qualified to say they have great BBQ.  Those rolls and brisket are really good.  The place is a pretty nice restaurant and I hate nice BBQ places.  The prices are pretty high and truthfully you could do better for less money.
Good Q and great sides but the portions are really small for the price.  $9 for a pulled pork sandwich that was only about 4 bites. I got a 3 meat combo that should have filled me but had to ask for more cornbread to get full.
The atmosphere is very nice, the service was great, the food was a mixed bag. There were three in the party. One had the pulled pork and one had the brisket. Both were very tender and tasty. The third member had the baby back ribs and was not very impressed. We ordered a mix of sides so we could taste several. The baked potato and roasted corn were also nothing impressive. The pecan cole slaw is just slaw with pecan bits on top. Nice flavor. The grilled veg was a nice mix and grilled till tender. The mashed potatoes and mac & cheese were yummy! One of us had the Bobby-Q amber ale. It was very good and served in a very frosty glass. Desserts were good but not outstanding. All in all, a nice place to eat with good food for typical prices. Would definitely go back again and try something else.
Good food, but they messed up our to-go order, they forgot the cornbread and one side, no mac and cheese tonight. How hard is it to put the food in the bag? We probably won't go back, Haps and Joe's Real BBQ are just as good, probably better, and they've never forgotten anything. Too hot to drive back to get the missing things.
The pulled pork was absolutely wonderful.  It was delicious.  I had the mac 'n' cheese and ranch beans with it.  The mac 'n' cheese was good but heavy.  I thought the ranch beans were going to be like baked beans but they weren't.  They weren't sweet like baked beans; they had a thinner red sauce on them and the flavor didn't work for me.. . The cornbread was ok.  The pieces looked like muffin tops.  It was good, but I've had better.  . . We went here for dinner at 7:30 on a Thursday.  It was loud and really crowded - too loud to comfortably converse with the two people I was dining with.
Not all barbecue is created equally. I'm from Chicago and grew up eating barbecue NOT pulled porked sandwiches or beef brisket, but pork barbecue ribs & rib tips from the south side of Chicago. Ya know, the kind where white bread and french fries are saturated in sauce at the bottom of the basket. Where you have to work a little bit to pull the meat off the bone. Where you smell the charred ribs a few blocks away. Now that's barbecue to me.. . This does not mean that I cannot appreciate other types of barbecue. We spilt the pulled pork sandwich and slab of ribs. It was good, but I packed the leftovers for my husband's lunch today. When something is really good I don't share and sadly, the ribs we just okay. . . I gave an extra star for the customer service. The hostess and waitress were polite, attentive and nice. Too bad more establishments are not as well run as Bobby Q.
I will make my review simple.. . 1) Corn bread is good, not the best in the world but good.. 2) Portions are big. 3) Bbq sauce is mediocre, nothing special. 4) Meat is cooked well. 5) bbq sauce is mediocre******************. . I would give it less stars if it wasn't for how well the meat was cooked and free donuts!. . Our waiter was nice...and peculiar at the same time. He said and acted the way a good waiter would......but his tone of voice and facial expressions did not match his actions. I was very confused by him, but he was nice and checked up on us frequently in his own unique way.. . Pros: meat cooked well, large portions! Great donuts!. Cons: sides (mac n cheese/cole slaw/potato salad) were mediocre, and the BBQ sauce was mediocre! Expected more from a bbq place.
I had the Beef ribs and I'd rate them as ok.  The meat was really tender and the sauce was good.  However, I couldn't detect any of that Smokey bbq taste that I enjoy.  Overall it was a decent meal, I'd eat there again.
Barbeque is not my favorite style of cuisine. There. I said it. That having been said, I find myself going to BBQ restaurants on a regular basis because the men in my life live for it. So I got talked in to hitting up Bobby Q. Sure...why not.... . The food at Bobby Q is EXCELLENT. Probably the best BBQ I've ever had and as I said, I don't like BBQ very much. Very flavorful, not overly sauced, good sized portions. All around, excellent.. . So why the 3 stars? Three reasons.. . 1) RIDICULOUSLY high prices. It's BBQ, not Morton's steak house. Our party of 4 bill was nearly $100 and there wasn't an alcoholic beverage in sight..... . 2) Service was not up to par at all. You do not leave the appetizer dishes on the table when you are putting down the dinner dishes. And you don't leave said dishes on the plate after the lady of the table has gone out of the way to stack said dishes perfectly so you can easily take them away. And you don't leave them until said lady has to ask you 3 times to take them away. . . 3) Restaurant was dirty. Sorry but leaving tables unbussed all around us just isn't acceptable at the prices you are charging much less at a lower-price-point establishment. . . Bobby Q...get your service up to par, take a good look at your price points, and CLEAN. I'll be back I'm sure since the men in my life love BBQ. I would love to be able to raise your stars!
Went to Bobby Q with a work colleague and fellow BBQ enthusiast. We ordered two 3-meat combo plates so that we could try almost everything. . . All 3 ribs tasted good (baby back, st-louis, beef). I would have hoped for more smoke and more of a rub (we ordered them dry with sauce on the side). Of the three, I think that the St-Louis were the best.. . We also had brisket, pulled pork and chicken. All three of these need lots of smoke (in my view) to be a success and there just was not enough. The brisket was not sliced and had no barque. It was more of a "pulled" format in small pieces. It tasted a bit dry and lacked smoke.. . Overall, it's OK but not great. I'm stuck between going with 2 or 3 stars on this because the sides weren't all that fantastic either (mac & cheese, fries, grilled veg, ranch beans). However, it is still decent BBQ if you stick to the right items (ribs).
This is our third time to Bobby Q. My husband requested that we go there for his birthday dinner. I have to start by saying that told the hostess that it was my husband's birthday but nothing was ever said about it. I don't expect alot but a candle stuck in the mac n cheese or in a donut as acknowledgement that it was his birthday would have been nice. That said, our server, Zac, was lovely. Very attentive and pleasant. Clearly, the hostess just didn't bother to mention the birthday because I'm sure that Zac would have said something nice. He was great. The baby back ribs were yummy. Very fall off the bone. The mac n cheese is quite cheesy and I love the cornbread. On this occasion, we didn't have dessert because we were stuffed from ribs but I have had the banana dessert before and it is spectacular.
BBQ yummy!!! I'm from San Diego and I've been to Phil's BBQ and they pretty much go toe to toe. . . I feel like I should've ordered something else cause my chicken sandwich was alright, but everyone else's food was awesome. I tried my table mates food and the meat just fell off the ribs. It was delicious! They also have a spicy BBQ sauce upon request. I'm telling you to request it! Its tasty!. . I love that they gave complimentary cornbread during and donuts at the end of your meal. Didn't need to order dessert!. . All in all, good experience.
Not the best barbecue I have ever had, but I am a snob, so there you have it.. This is a great place to go with a group of people, or with family.. . I wouldn't suggest coming here on a date or for girls night.. . The baked potato was not special, but the beer is nice and cold, and they have options that aren't going to break the bank.  Plus the full plates are EASILY share-able.
Thought I'd try it again after going there about a year ago and not digging it at all.  The sides are better than the bbq...tried the baby backs and found them to not be seasoned with spices at all.Lot's of smoke flavor if that's all you're looking for. Thank goodness for bbq sauce which was pretty good.
Denise and I met our daughter and her boyfriend for dinner yesterday on my birthday. Always wanted to try this place. We started off with the Q-rolls, guess this is suppose to be trendy! Many restaurants are doing the same thing. hybrid of a egg roll and sandwich! This one was BBQ brisket deep fried like an egg roll! It was OK, not that bad. I ended up ordering their combo platter, sample of their ribs, sausage, and brisket ts. Sausage was great and spicy, and their ribs were very good. Wife had the fried chicken (boneless) I am not a fan of boneless chicken. No flavor! Get me a fried chick with bone, it will taste a lot better then bone out! So! Their chicken really had no flavor, wife was not impressed. Daughter had a burger that was huge, and it looked great! Wanted to try it, but I had enough on my plate already. Wife had a bite and said it was really good. We ended up have their peach cobbler, I tried a little. Not a big fan of peach, plus daughter already baked me a cake for my birthday. Wife again was not impressed by, said it was to doughy! . Biggest Con! Price! I have had better BBQ that cost a lot less. Spending $100.00 for four I expected it to be a little better. . Loved the place, would like to come back on a weekend evening to see how the atmosphere is!
Honestly, with the state of BBQ in this city I almost gave this a 4-star review. Nice smoke flavor, but had a steam-table quality to the meats (like they had been sitting in a warmer for a while). No bark with the pork and no smoke ring on the brisket, which made me wonder if the meat was really smoked for 18 hours as advertised. However, the sausage had nice snap, good spice, and smoke, so at least that was legit...unfortunately, a real BBQ joint needs better brisket/pork (did not try the ribs) to get a high rating.. . This place was a good value, nice service, and satisfying food. I'll try the ribs next time, but my search for real barbecue in the valley continues.
This place is absolutely great if you have never had BBQ outside of Arizona.  To some it may sound like I am knocking Bobby Q's, but it is a compliment considering the lackluster BBQ scene in Arizona.    . . This summer I had the opportunity to travel the south east and I have had REAL bonafide BBQ and nothing compares to what they do on the southeastern coast of the United States.  I have the pleasure of spending a week with a relative who is on one of the Memphis BBQ teams and have had his smoked pulled pork and it just cannot compare.  . . As for Bobby Q's, their pulled pork is good, it could be more moist and flavorful with a better rub and a longer smoke, but it is good.  Everyone seems to gravitate to the Mac and Cheese as a side dish, but I have found it to be a bit too rich.  The chicken is good and I have tasted the brisket and it was tasty as well.. . BTW, there is no such thing as St Louis Style Ribs.... I went to St Louis searching for the origin of the ribs and a decent place to get them and have found none.  I think someone is taking the Kansas City style ribs and slapping St Louis on it.  (sorry, just read another review and thought it was hilarious).
