Ok I think this winecafe is highly overrated!!. When you have a tiny menu you should do what you have amazingly!! But my sandwich lacked prosciutto. I didn't find the chips to be amazing either. Overall I felt pretty let down. And I can think of at least 2 places that bruschetta is done better in the valley.
I came here on Thursday before my company and I were going to head to LGO for dinner. I have been wanting to try this place for awhile now since I have been hearing and reading great things through yelp. I mean how great can panini's and bruschetta actually be? More on that later. . The actual building itself was pretty cool. A nice chill vibe that wasn't overbearing with pretentiousness. Always a breath of fresh air. What kills this place is the crowd. I showed up about 2 PM. and the crowd was casual and just having a good time. As the time got later the typical Arcadia yuppie / trendy crowd began coming in. Totally killing the atmosphere. I don't know why so many people in Scottsdale and Phoenix are like this, I don't get it. It's not attractive, you look like douche bags. I swear it seems as though there is a clan of people on yelp all yelping together to write great reviews, because it's what they like, so gay. . OK, now for this food review, it's strictly for the bruschetta's. Honestly I don't know why people praise somethings. I tasted four of them. Fresh Mozzarella with Tomato and Basil. Tomato Jam and fresh Sheep's Milk Cheese. Burrata, Bacon, Arugula, and Tomatoes. And Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese. Let me get one thing clear, they all tasted good, and yes some were more impressive than others, but come on it's a slice of bread with a topping, not really a culinary masterpiece. Although I will give props to the Tomato jam, that was delicious! . As an all around value of Postino, you really can't go wrong. The prices match what these items should be priced at, and solid drink deals. I would definitely go back if fellow friends suggest going there, but I don't think I would go out of my way to come back here..   But with all this being said, they have 2 locations and are opening up a third one.  So props to the owners, they have marketed a concept and people are loving it so they're doing something right in many people's opinions.
I like Postino. I don't find it amazing. I like that it's cheap, and the food tastes good. I don't think their menu is very unique, but their wine list is nice. I usual order one of their 'exclusive' wines and I'm always happy. . I wish it wasn't always so insanely busy here. I know that it's a good thing, and shows that they're doing something right. But, honestly, waiting for 45 min on a Wednesday night to sit at an awkward ikea coffee table and eat bruschetta doesn't always sound so appealing to me. . The service is usually pretty pathetic. Although there is one woman that works here that is awesome. She's always friendly and attentive and somehow always remembers my boyfriend and I. Every other server I have had here is awkward and unfriendly. . So, to wrap things up: this place is pretty good, but there is room for improvement.
Good food and wine, especially on a weekday before 5 pm ($5 wine). . . First, if you're going to call yourself a wine cafe, have a good selection of wine to choose from. I think The Cheesecake Factory has a wine list with more variety. With that being said, I did find a couple of good wines to quaff on a 97 degree day, and the service from the bartender was great.. . Second, if you're going to attempt to be a quasi-Italian restaurant, play good music. The music wasn't totally offensive, but it certainly didn't match the ambiance.. . Now for the food. This place clearly prides itself on their bruschetta. Here are the 4 that I chose:. . Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese . Smoked Salmon with Pesto. Ricotta, Dates and Pistachios. Traditional with Tomato, Basil and Mozzarella. . The bread they use is excellent. Perfect for bruschetta. My favorite was the salmon, and the roasted pepper one was quite delicious. I even enjoyed the dates and pistachio bruschetta, but probably wouldn't order it again.. . Traditional brushcetta is an appetizer for which I measure any Italian restaurant. The fresh bruschetta here was way too salty, could hardly taste the fresh tomato and basil, which appeared to be fresh and of good quality. Why would you over-salt fresh brushcetta? Major fail, and one of the reasons this place is getting 3 stars instead of 4. . . I may come here again though, I just know not to order the fresh bruschetta.
Bummer that I have to give this location three stars. My girlfriends and I came here last night, and it was my first time checking out this particular location. I went to Central last week, loved it, and thought I'd be in love with this spot too. Nope.. . Definite five stars for the food - the best bruschetta I've ever had and a bottle of wine for $20? You can never beat that.. . Three stars for the service. They were slammed, and I understand that. However, the waitress wasn't friendly. My girlfriend was trying to place her order and the waitress blatantly ignored her to talk to a guy at another table. We didn't even have silverware or napkins at our table and she didn't bring any when we asked her.. . One star for valet. Central location offers complimentary valet and Arcadia charges three dollars. That's fine, but I didn't have cash on me and asked the guy to return my car so I can park it myself. He STILL charged me and said something along the lines of, "The owner makes us charge everyone - liability reasons." Uh, what? My car wasn't even in your lot for more than 30 seconds! Anyway, tacky.. . Central location has my vote and my five stars.
Favorite spot for tasty Bruchetta!!
Lunch was excellent but the music was too loud!  We requested three times the volume be reduced but it was not.  I will never suggest the Postino for a group that wants to visit.
Good food. Nice atmosphere.
Really great atmosphere, wines, etc... but I didn't think the foodwas very good, so I give it only 3 stars.  The bread is very thick and maybe uncooked, no oil.  It was not what I expected.  I was hoping for crunchy bread with creatively delicious toppings.  The toppings are great combinations, just not executed like I expected.  I thought the bruschetta would be warm, but instead it was cold, nothing melded, and the bread was very large.  Great concept, but I don't get all the great reviews.
The food was pretty good but I hate going to places like this because there is a huge echo and you can barely hear the people you're with. I've had their catering though- a much better experience.
1 star is taken away due to the parking situation .  The food and atmosphere are good.  I've been here for brunch on the weekend when the doors are open and they have live music.  It's a good time.  It's a great place to grab a glass of wine and some bruchetta and hang out with a group of people.
The things I like best about this place are their mini charcuterie board offerings.  This is one of my fav ways to eat and sip on a beautiful glass of wine, simultaneously.  So simple, yet casually elegant.  . . Good prices.  Cool ambience.  Decent service.
The food is delicious, the brucetta is a personal favorite of mine.  The place is sometimes over crowded and the service is not always friendly.
If peanut butter and jelly are a match made in heaven, then bruschetta is meant for wine tasting.  It's hard to beat the price to quality ratio for the bruschetta here.  My favorite is the prosciutto with fig and mascarpone.  It has the right balance of sweetness and saltiness.  The smoked salmon with pesto is a close second.  On the other hand, wine selection is a little lacking.
went here to celebrate an interview my wife went to.. . Had wine. Thats about it. Love going to sit and relax and have a glass of wine (or beer). . . They try and keep their atmospheres similar between the one on central and here.. . This one feels more condesnsed than the one on central. Obviously i prefer centrals location and atmosphere better.. . Food is the same at both places.
I'm so disappointed to be downgrading my Postino's experience on Yelp. I've been a regular here since I moved to the neighborhood over a year ago. However, there appears to be some staffing changes that are interfering with service.. . The food and wine really are top of the line. There hasn't been a single morsel of food that has crossed my palate that I've disagreed with. Unfortunately the experience is not what it used to be, and for that I'm disappointed. If you're ok with extended wait time between glasses of wine, great. I'd recommend ordering a bottle of wine and being done with any further expectation of service. (Including water.). . I've been visiting during off peak hours to ensure there would be no unnecessary wait time or standing around. (So, for example, 2pm for a lunch hour.) This is a wine bar. When you go, it would be nice to receive the wine you order. The last time we went I watched my wine sit at the bar. When my friend managed to flag down our server (fifteen minutes after we had placed our first order) what the status was he joked, "I can't squeeze the grapes." (If it had been convenient/easy for me to move quickly I would have picked it up myself. Crutches, not so much.). . So not funny. I get it. You can get in the weeds. It's better to admit that.  But - maybe - call me crazy - check in your table more frequently the rest of the meal. We eventually were able to order a second a glass of wine. The wait time for vino was, alas, terrible.  . . I'm telling this story as an example of the service I've received as of late. There are others. I'm not sure what's happened or why. The upside to not having any table service (or much of it) is that you have ample time to speak to your table partners. Perfect for a date. Not so perfect if you're on a business lunch or in a rush at all. . . Another option for speedier service might be to sit at the bar. The bar isn't terribly huge but offers comfortable seating. The bartenders are wonderful.
