This place is dirty as fuck but tourists love it for the smoked meat. I hate to break it to you but it probably tastes no different than any other place.....only here you worry about how clean the cooks are and rats
One of the guys in the group wanted to try this famous place.  A short line was waiting but we got a table pretty quickly.. . I went with the kitchen sink combo.  The sausage was pretty tasty.  the corn beef was kind of bland.  The steak was thin and just about right for a medium.  There was a lot of food and I finished everything but probably only ate a few sticks of french fries.. . The line got long as we came out.
They may recommend the "medium" cut, but I would opt for the "fatty" version of their smoked meat next time, as this admittedly tasty but neither here-nor-there cut lacked the kind of mouth-drooling unctuousness I remember from my first encounter years ago.. . The cole slaw is also a must, as the cool, crisp vinaigrette lends a perfect contrast to each savoury bite of smoked meat.. . Also be warned re: the black cherry soda.  A recommended classic complement to the smoked meat sandwich, yes; but also strongly reminiscent of cough syrup, so perhaps better to skip if you're afraid drinking said soda will dredge up memories of being force fed medicine as a snotty nosed toddler.
I might have expected too much of this Montreal staple.  It's definitely a very popular place.  There's pretty much always a line waiting to go in.. . We had 2 platters:  Combo plate and the chicken combo.  Both of which are served with fries, cole slaw and a pickle.  The cole slaw was good, especially for someone who doesn't usually eat cole slaw.  It wasn't the kind with mayo but tasted very refreshing and light.  My friends tell me the pickles were good and that it was sweet but I didn't get that when I ate it.. . The combo plate was a plate of meat with different sections.  We got the medium fat one.  The fattier parts definitely tasted better.  Considering this is their bread and butter, I thought it was just okay.  Maybe it would have been better if I ate it as a sandwich.. . The chicken combo had chicken and a little meat.  The chicken was the best thing on the plate.  It was very seasoned and done well too.  The chicken was the highlight of the place for me.. . I think I was expecting the meat to taste better.  It was good but no wow factor.  . . It's a small place so expect to be sharing tables with others and make some new friends :)
Let me start by stating that I hardly ever crave or eat smoked beef; however I heard this place is a Montreal staple and the fam was eager to go.. We ordered the smoked beef/pastrami plate, pickles, fries and coleslaw.. I rate this place a 3.. again because pastrami is not my fav, but it was GOOD.. The fam loved it, finished every bite - seriously there was nothing left .. . . When we walked out there was a long line out the door.. A crowd is a good sign.. While I don't get it, many more do.. so I must be wrong.
Did not blow my mind in the least. The line for takeout moves faster than you think, but the sandwich is much smaller than I thought it'd be, and much plainer, pretty bland besides the saltiness. Their fries looked amazing but we didn't have enough cash on us so we only ordered the smoked meat, having spotted the cash-only sign. Then we get up to pay and find out they take credit.. and the guy filling orders a few steps back wouldn't take 5 seconds to dump some fries in a paper bag for me, so I just huffed and puffed and bought fries across the street (bad idea, they weren't good).
They make a great "corned beef" sandwich. If you are in the area-go have lunch here but don't make special trip, and don't wait in a line that's too long.  Lunch for 1 including sandwich, pickle and fries for less than $10.
Not bad.We had a large party so we got take out. . The dudes helping us at the counter weren't very friendly. Kind of a cold shoulder feel. It was our first time, like probably many others, but didn't offer any expertise.. . I got the smoked meat sandwich and nothing else as some of my other buddies got frites and cole slaw. . . I stood outside and ate my sandwich. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't Langers or Katz pastrami. It is cheaper at like 7 dollars and they don't skimp on the meat. I just wasn't amazed. If you want it to taste better though... add cole slaw into the sandwich. It adds a lot of depth. The acidity and crunchy texture of the coleslaw complements the softness of the bread and saltiness of the smoked meat. I actually enjoyed my sandwich a lot more after the addition of cole slaw.
Good try. . . I had it for take out maybe it is a whole lot better devouring it on the spot. But please note, I walked 5 more steps outside the store front and chewed it all up.... . I got the smoked meat, which seemed like it is the bread and butta of this place, and some fries... . The fries are nothing to remember about... . The smoked meat sandwich didn't have the ooOmph of flavor for a smoked meat. It was a tad of the bland side... A couple of my friend added their cole slaw to their sandwich which made it X100100002031083028 times better. It adds another texture and taste to the sandwich. . . It ain't Katz's or Langer's in the sandwich and meat department, but it is a little cheaper (not by much US dollars) but then again the sandwich is smaller in quantity ...
Yes, this place is just OK. Unique ambiance depends on if you like to share a table with strangers. I can't believe they had no horseradish for their sandwiches. Quality is what you would expect of a deli that was not in New York city.
Real good smoked meat but:. The smell while queuing outside is terrible. The place is everything but clean. Don t look under the table. And then, the extra fee to share a plate is a scam. It s not matter of cost, as the price overall is very good for what you get, it s just ridiculous to pay an extra to steal in your buddy's plate.
Just ok.  Meat wasn`t juicy, and I found I was adding a lot of mustard while eating it.  The bread with the `sandwich` seemed superflous since it was too small to contain any meat inside it anyways.. . Also, I think I just paid $1.75 plus tax for a large pickle.
So, a lot of people put this as a "must go" for Montreal. If you've never been to New York then you might find this to be true. Otherwise, though, I would say skip it. The smoked beef is good, the food IS cheap, but it is definitely nothing special or unique. The bread is standard "bimbo" bread...the french fries were standard but still pretty OK.
The service was just okay, not super nice, but not super rude either (as some have experienced).  However, we paid $17 for just ONE sandwich, a coleslaw, a pickle and a black cherry coke.  That's a pretty hefty price tag for bread that you can barely hold because it's so small and insignificant.. . The medium fat smoked meat was good, but maybe I was expecting planets to shift based on all the reviews I've read.  A good sandwich that I might eat on occasion if it was in my neighbourhood, but not something I would drive 6 hours to try (which I partially did).. . The fat was probably the best tasting part...and the only reason I ate it (because I usually avoid it at all costs), is because removing it would have de-flavoured the sandwich.  . . So, if you're a tourist like me, I guess you have to go because all your Facebook friends told you to go...but if you don't care much about peer pressure, then you might save your stomach for something tastier...like foie gras poutine?
Tried its smoked meat sandwich. The smoked meat was really tender and succulent! Very pleasantly marinated! But this sandwich spilled with unhealthiness as it was really oily. Was quite messy to eat as well.. . The place was a 20-min walk from the nearest metro station ... if you are not a big foodie, I do not think it is worth making the distance for the sandwich.
This is review is from our visit to Montreal in August.. . Like everyone, we had their smoked meat sandwich, but the fat version. I admonished my husband for ordering it but then I had a bite--it was tender and, admittedly, delicious.  (Fat is tasty!)   . . We were lucky and didn't have to wait in line. Although the sandwich was satisfying, I don't know if it was "wait in line for a hour" good.
Was in Montreal a few days and this was on our must list because of travel shows, such as Bourdain.  Everyone had the smoked beef, or #3.  We also had fries and cole slaw.  The sandwich is ok.  The meat is a little drier than pastrami you get in the states.  The sandwiches are definitely smaller, but also much cheaper (around only $6).  The rye bread doesn't have seeds.  The mustard is standard deli, not spicy.  The fries were soggy, but I think that's the style here.  The cole slaw is more like pickled cabbage.  The cherry soda was good.  The line was super long, but fast.  It was full of tourists, just like us.  The service is very good and attentive.  One really good benefit is that they accept USD and will exchange into Canadian $ for free.  So, if you pay with a $100 bill, you will get straight Canadian change w/o a transaction fee.  So, you can think of it as a free money exchange!. . I still think Langer's in Los Angeles is the best sandwich I've ever had.  It's pricey, but the meat is so juicy and thick cut.
Cool place but not sure why everyone is talking about this restaurant as if it was the best in montreal.. . Sure it has been there for years and all but to me it's only smoke meat maybe because i dont go crazy for smoke meat? . I didnot like the fact that someone that i dont know is sitting right next to me. . I'm usually sociable but this guy was just smelly and i was eating so this is not a good mix. . The place is really old school and no renovation was made recently... i mean tourist come to this place and it's not an image we want to project... . . . What i dont understand is that celine dion husband rene has bought it for several millions. . Not sure it's worth it. . I dont get why people are afraid that he franchise it and make it become popular.. If you love something you want it to grow and be successful no? . It's not like you own the place or if it is because you are afraid that the quality will be lost well go to the original schwartz no? . . At least if they franchise it the lineup will definitely be shorter :) . . I'm sorry if this review has offended some of you but this is a review site no? :) . Cheers ,. . Eric Van Nguyen
my first impression of Schwartz's as i peaked through the window was this place is major old school, which makes plenty of sense since it's been in business since the early 20's. Seating is communal but there are seats at the counter. The menu is in French but the waiters speak English so don't worry about whipping out your pocket translator. i believe most people are there for one thing and one thing only which is their smoked meat. the smoked meat is similar in taste to corn beef. it's served on rye bread and with a touch of mustard. there's a good ratio of meat to bread. i was a bit worried there was going to be a huge tower of meat that i wasn't going to be able to finish. i also ordered a side of fries as it seemed like the thing to based on what other people were ordering. i feel a bit guilty but i sorta liked the fries more than the smoked meat. perhaps it was because good fries in the states is hard to come by or maybe smoked meat was not as good as i expected. i think it's fair to say it was a little of both. if you're a visitor like myself, i would recommend this place because it's cool to visit places that are rich in tradition.
Schwartz's Smoked Meat of course on our "To Eat" list for Montreal. . . We were so anxious, but unfortunately arriving at 8:30 AM was kind of early.... too early... no lines... and of course no Meat.... . 11 AM Sunday arrived to a fully packed restaurant.. But luckily, I went and just hogged the last 3 seats at the counter...Now we talking business!. . Maybe of the high expectations.. I was not impressed with my Smoked Meat Sandwich Medium Fat ($6.15)... it definitely not tender or moist as expected...blame it on the lean meat?. . 2nd order of Extra Fat was just a little better.. I am not convinced... this is decent but not good... and why am I eating a EXTRA FAT Smoked Meat Sandwich?! I thought I am on and on going diet!! And it was funny to see the reaction of the staffs when I placed my order!. . I secretly have to admit that Katz's in NYC is much better,but Schwartz's pricing definitely more down to earth!. . Should had skip the Salami Sandwich ($5.95) that was not worth your while!. . 12:00 PM Sunday, the huge line of over 30 people by the time we finished!! Seriously, I don't think it is worth the wait in the cold for Schwartz's.. but I would have not know until I tried.. and I am not going to line up for that!
There was a much-awaited hype for trying this place since it was very well-known both on tour guides and yelp. The food was good but the service wasn't good at all. Maybe that's the norm for super-famous places and I got to get more used to it, but by any standards the guy who waited on me was apathetic and just pushed me to have the smoked meat sandwich when I clearly wanted to try not only the smoked meat but other stuff on the menu. Whether or not this is a must try is totally up to you, but don't expect to be greeted and waited with a smile.
The line outside the door was looong...but gladly the turnover was rather quick, so it didn't take us too long to be seated...but they do require everyone to be present to sit you! so make sure your whole party is there instead of wandering around checking out the area..... . it took sometimes to get used to and warm up to the sarcasm of the server, they are rather friendly once you get used to it! LOL.... . the smoked meat was really tasty! Order the medium one! We tried the medium and the lean.....fat content does make a different! LOL...but i am not sure if it worth the wait.... . The black cherry coke went really well with the meat!
This is a review of the food that I got, and a bit of the service I saw when I walked in to see what was taking so long. My friends raved about this place, and I can understand why from the food that we got. We got a smoked meat, extra fatty. It was very good, but I'm sure my heart attack is not too far behind. Anyways, my biggest gripe was when I walked in for a minute, and this might be my own perception, but the fat guy with glasses who worked there seemed like he was a total dick. He said thank you to my friends, but while he said it, he tapped the tip plate. I wasn't too sure what I had walked into, but I wanted to keep an open mind about the situation. The place looked like a regular small diner with a butcher located near the front. This same fat guy with glasses looked outside and snarled his face towards my direction when we left (mind you, we left a tip after his words and actions), but I'm not too sure if he did so for his disgust at us (because we're Americans?) or because it was raining heavily. From what my friends told me, my observations about this fat guy being a dick were correct, but they are not from my own experiences, so my perceived perception with a grain of salt. Sandwich is very tasty, though very greasy.
It's a real good smoked meat. The hurry up and get out part is what irks me. That and the tourist line up on the weekends.
Lemme start off with I love meat.  I love hot juicy smoked meat.  And therefore, I had to have Schwartz here in Montreal.  Is it the best sandwich ever?  Nope, but for smoked meat, it's pretty good for what it is.  There's a good flavor but its not on the same level as Katz Deli, which I'm holding up high.  But I got the sandwich and some pickles and side of fries which easily made for a satisfying meal.  . . The lines however, are ridiculous.  My friends and I (a party of 15 with a losing chance of ever getting seated) decided to go to the sandwich only place next door to fulfill ourselves in the smoky meat goodness.
I realize this place is super popular, but honestly, I just wasn't THAT impressed.. . As recommended by Foodology.ca, we took ours to go when we visited this place one Saturday afternoon. We dropped by around 3PM, so it was surprising that the line up was still pretty long. We ordered the regular smoked meat and some soda drinks. The service for the take out counter was efficient and prompt. . . The sandwich was one big, meaty affair. Just looking at it, I was prepared to be blown away. The actual result wasn't as epic though. . . The meat was super tasty, and I can see why this place is famous. But the bread was a little dry and the meal was too salty for my taste buds. Even for a meat-loving dude, I thought that the sandwich had too much meat and not enough anything else. The sandwich's flavour was too one note.  Perhaps I just expected too much?. . I'm not super impressed, but I would recommend this place for tourists just to see what the buzz is all about.
Good, but not by NYC standards. Good on its own. Nothing fancy, cash only. Average for deli service. There are more exciting restaurants in the neighborhood unless you are craving Jewish deli.
The line was long but there are 2 lines to choose from:  Take out or dine-in with 2 different entries.  After 30 minutes of waiting we got our hot smoke meat sandwiches.  It was good but not great. There are part of the meat that is extremely lean (dry).  The fatty part and outside was very nice.  The dry rub used was very good but did not mask the dryness.
This is what makes a trip to montreal complete.  They have their staple of smoked meats on a platter, sandwich etc.  and ask for fatty cuts if u like that.  No frills environ.  Service is quick and you come in for the smoked meat and you leave content.
The smoked meat at Smoke's Poutinerie that topped the poutine was much better. This place was good but not as exceptional as the 400+ reviews say it is.
One of the many advantages of living in Montreal is access to the most amazing smoked meat, a trademark food of the city. The most famous place to get your smoked meat fix is, of course, Schwartz's on St. Laurent street. You can tell which one is Schwartz's by spotting the line of excited tourists lined up down the block for a chance to get a seat! The meat (I get mine full-fat, not lean) is juicy and smoky and greasy and tastes amazing with a massive pickle and yellow mustard. Everything you could want from a smoked meat. But personally, I will not wait 30 mins for it-- I usually go to the Schwartz's STORE which is right next door to the restaurant and order mine as take-away.. My honest opinion: Schwartz's smoked meat is really delicious, but not that much more delicious than the smoked meat at le Main across the street! There is never a lineup at le Main, and although you won't get the novelty or feel of the real thing, the food is right on par.
D'apres le globe cooker Fred Chesneau (les nouveaux explorateurs, canal+) Schwartz est l'endroit incontournable pour gouter la fameuse "smoked meat". Apres 30mn d'attente (un vendredi a 14h) nous avons pu obtenir une table pour verifier son jugement. Premiere impression : Le resto a 80 ans, il a du etre renove plusieurs fois mais la derniere fois c'etait il y a tres longtemps... Une fois a l'interieur, la prise de commande et le service sont tres rapides. C'est vrai que la viande est bonne et ne ressemble a rien de connu (peut etre un peu le gout du pot au feu). Vous avez le choix entre de la viande grasse ou seche. J'ai pris de la medium sur les conseils de mes amis Quebecois et du serveur, il parait que c'est de loin la meilleure. Pour conclure sur mon avis personnel, je dirai que Schwartz est une bonne adresse, un bon rapport qualite prix mais le sandwich ne justifie pas plus de 30mn d'attente, il faut paspousser quand meme.. NB : en caisse ils acceptent uniquement le cash.
Maybe I am spoiled by the NY "smoked meat" AKA pastrami... It's just OK here. It's not as moist, and a bit stringy, rubbery. The flavor was on point, but there was something off for me so the wait was not worth it.
This place has a lot of hype to it. It has great Montreal smoked meat (some of the best in the world) but the sandwiches are really, really basic. I've had so much better ones using their meat it has spoiled me. The service is fast food quick; they have a small menu and lots and lots of people so they cook everything in seconds. Very simple menu. . . Oh and warning this is a Cash only business.
I went there a couple of weeks ago. It's simple. If you like huge piles of tasty meat. Come here. If you don't. Stay away. I had there standard sandwich. It was good. Lots of meat. My gf is a vego. So she had a overpriced pickle and some soggy fries. I have heard some say its a smaller cheaper version of Katzs in NY..... If you like meat, come here.
I've been to this Montreal institution many a times, mainly because my travel companions always clamor to come here.  They seems to love it as meat lovers, but in my opinion as a so-so meat lover, their smoked meat sandwich is just ok.  The sandwich is huge, perhaps too big, which takes away the enjoyment of the meal itself.  Bottom line, if you love meat, you'll likely love this place, but if you are indifferent  towards it, the meat will not win you over to team meat.
We were really disappointed by our Schwartz's experience. The line for the restaurant side was around 45 minutes long, which in itself makes one wonder seriously if the place may have wandered into myth territory because the reality of the sandwich that we found on the take-out side was that the meat is dry and bland (a once-off perhaps?) but it was great with extra mustard to add flavour. I've eaten countless smoked meat sandwiches over the years so I have an idea of what a good one should be like. The staff who took our order and served the greasy mess in a bag seemed to have no joie de servir  - I guess that's the burden of their legendary popularity - but the cashier lady did smile and thank us for our business which we liked. Over all it was an experience we might try one more time just to make sure this one wasn't a fluke.
The wait is pretty long to get a table or to get takeout. We went on a Sunday and waited about 45 minutes outside. The seating is very tight and they sit every seat in the house so likely you will sit with strangers or cannot have a huge group to one table.. . Service was very good and quick. We ordered the smoked meat sandwich, pickle and fries. The food was good but not the best meal I have ever had.. . Recommend for folks who LOVE lots of smoked beef!
I can't say that I appreciated the crowded, dirty hyped up diner as much as all of the other people. The food wasn't particularly expensive and we had to share an already cramped table with some random strangers. It kind of reminded me of eating in China. Smoked meat was a-ok but the skinny sausage we tried was less than ok. All in all, I'm glad that the line moved faster than it looked and we were in and out within half an hour. I was starting to feel claustrophobic by that point. No thanks.
My smoked meat sandwich was a solid 3 stars.....it was good, but for my tastes it wasn't spiced nearly enough; and some of the meat was chewier than I like. Worth a try, sure, but if you're seeking out the mother of all smoked meat sandwiches, I'm sure you can find better in Montreal. (But if you do come here, the dark cherry pop is a must.)
It was a cloudy Sunday afternoon as we waited for the #55 bus. An elderly couple ahead of us were climbing aboard and the woman asked the driver "Are you going to Schwartzie's?" It was hilarious and adorable, because we imagined how many times a day the drivers get asked that question and because old people are cute. From that moment on, transit line 55 will always be known to us as The Schwartz Bus.. . It wasn't very long till we reached our stop and judging by the long line along the street, we'd have to wait quite a while for a table. Unfortunately, this was our last day in beautiful MTL, so time was of the essence. Luckily, they also have an even more casual takeout operation right next door. There was a line in there as well, but it was half the size. I really appreciated the small counter space with chairs in the back.. . Watching the flies buzz around and periodically land on the bread really turned me off. My girl was dying to try this place, so I didn't want to ruin the experience for her by pointing out just how grimy it looked inside. The walls are covered in various press clippings and celebrity autographed photos. Celine Dion seems to be the shop's favourite. Surely it has something to do with the fact that she's also part owner now. Joan Rivers (in all her natural beauty) is another celeb on the wall. Customers can also buy all kinds of tacky memorabilia like mugs, hats, and shirts. They even made a musical about this place! It's just a smoked meat sandwich people... chill out.. . Speaking of which, that's exactly what all the hype is about; two pieces of bread, a pile of meat, and some mustard for under $7. I enjoyed watching my little darling munch on her sammy more than anything else. She even picked up a hefty sealed bag of brisket for $40 to share with her colleagues at work. My overall impression is it's good, but nothing special. I personally love Caplansky's back home, because they kick it old shul and the food is In-Zane to the membrane. Special shout out to Thunderin' Thelma.
Yes, the "smoked meat" is good here, and a huge portion, but maybe not the "best" pastrami I've ever had. . . What I don't get is the hype though... I suppose if you're just dying to eat in a tiny, cramped, historic, but grimy diner, elbow to elbow with people you don't know, this is your place.. . Our not-so-friendly server looked and acted like a heroin addict, complete with unbuttoned shirt, greasy unwashed hair, and sweat pouring off him. A couple of the other servers looked similar, so I have to question if some of that lack of hygiene is getting into the food. One server told me the owners had paid $10 million for the place when they bought it from Celine Dion's husband... Guess they didn't have any money left over for cleaning or renovations. . For me, it's really not worth waiting in line for this. Take-out is the way to go here... 2 star place + 1 extra star for the meat
This is a review for the takeout section.. . I recently visited Schwatz's for the first time in over 8 years and opted to skip the line by visiting their takeout operation connected to the main deli. The takeout place has bar-style seating at the back, so in theory this is a decent option if you don't need a table or service.. . The takeout prices seem to be the same, and I won't complain about them because they're fairly reasonable (though the cherry soda seems a bit expensive).. . I ordered a fatty sandwich, fries, and a black-cherry soda. The fries aren't bad, and seem to be fairly typical Montreal fries: dark, fairly crispy, and quite short with lots of fragmentary bits.. . The real letdown was the sandwich. The flavour was there, but it was deeply compromised nevertheless. Unlike previous times I've been to the sit-down portion, the smoked meat wasn't actually sliced: instead, it was chopped up and combined in order to get the desired fat profile. Although I couldn't see the grill, there were obviously pieces/slices of meat laying on the grill, and when a customer ordered you could hear the cook chopping the meat together in order to get the right mix. This meant that some of the meat had been laying there for a while, and some of the individual pieces/fragments (which were pea-sized) were dry and almost seared. Fresh cut slices of smoked meat this was not. Disappointing.. . In contrast, if your order meat by the pound at the takeout counter you will get fresh-cut slices.
Ok... I am born in raised in Montreal, now living in Toronto. So I am truly  Montreal-er at heart. Now, yes I know this is a must-go-to for visitors, it's historical! You can't NOT pass by Schwartz's if you are in Montreal, it just wouldn't be right.... However, I have to say that I have eaten my share of smoked meat, and will give the honest opinion that Schwartz's does NOT have the best smoked meat in town.. I give the smoked meat a 3...maybe a 3.5 on 5. . . So, you get there and yes, usually there is a line up, sometimes just to the front door, sometimes down the street, I have apparently been quite lucky, never seeing a line-up when I go... You step inside and notice how small and 'homey'? the place is... if you are three or less people you will most likely be sitting with other random bodies who are also embarking on this piece of Montreal tradition.. Plastered all over the walls are newspaper clippings, reviews, photos and other miscellaneous memorabilia claiming the fame of Schwartz's.. I usually order a smoked meat sandwich and a pickle on the side, because what goes with a smoked meat sandwich like PB&J other than a pickle!. Unfortunately I find the bread to be quite dry and hard... so maybe I could recommend just ordering  a platter?. I would say maybe 50% of the time the meat I get served is pretty good, and the other 50% it's on the old/dry side... maybe it just isn't busy and dries out? I couldn't say.... But, the staff is always on point there, no matter how busy it is, you'll order in good time and get your food in even better time!. . It is definitely a place you must go to once in your life! But when you've been there already I would recommend venturing to some of Montreal's other smoked meat joints, they might not have all the years Schwartz's has... but they know what they're doing! ;-)
got the smoked meat sandwich...it was pretty good but i'm not sure it justifies the half hour wait in the below freezing cold (on a saturday). . also, i don't see the big deal with the cherry cola?!. . FYI passed by on a weekday and there was no line.
