Man, I feel bad that I didn't really enjoy this place that much. It kinda makes me feel like a contrarian but it's my honest opinion.. . This new buffet is supposed to rival all the other high-end buffets in town such as Bellagio, Wynn, and the M. Although it is definitely not your average buffet, I don't think it's as good as any of the above mentioned ones on their worst days. This buffet didn't have that "wow" factor I was expecting, especially after having that when I first ate at each of those previously mentioned.. . It was not all bad but I would like to point the things that determined my 3.5 rating:. . King crab legs were still frozen. Not sure if some of the pieces had been sitting on the ice for too long or if they came out that way. Stone crab legs were dry and bland. Oysters were not that fresh even though I observed some guys shucking them behind the line :-/ Some of the labels were missing and or wrong for the food items and that's just a pet peeve of mine. Sushi and Chinese stations had your usual suspects, nothing that really stood out.. . Okay enough of the bad, let's talk about the good/must haves:. . Cheddar broccoli in the American section was the best type of broccoli I have ever had. It was kinda crunchy from being baked, with gooey, greasy cheddar cheese melted on them. Wow. Italian meatballs were perfectly flavored. Sop up the extra marinara with a garlic knot. Prime rib was good, had the nice peppered crust on the outside that I just love. Lamb chops were good, no mint jelly needed. Not gamey at all. Mexican station had this awesome grilled pineapple and jicama salad. Chinese station had a peppered beef with asparagus and dim sum that were pretty good. There was a pho/ramen station that I didn't get to try but I thought it was cool that they offered that. Nutella crepe made to order was yummy and the buttered caramel gelato has to be my new favorite flavor. So rich and buttery, you need to have a drink handy. That sweetness will sit in the back of your throat and tickle if you don't wash it down.. . Okay, so that was my review. I think everybody should still go check this place out and I hope you all have a wonderful experience if you do. I think I was expecting too much because of my past experiences. Not to mention all the hype about this.
The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly; . Bucchanal Buffet, Cesars PaIace,  . . I went to the Bucchanal Buffet yesterday as a treat from my girlfriend as a birthday gift.  We had heard that it had newly opened, and was attempting to be the best in Vegas.  . . So, to start out, The Good; Great variety, and probably the most variety of any buffet in Vegas.  Asian (Chinese and Japanese), Italian, Mexican, American, Seafood, and desserts.  . . The Bad;  Terrible wait.  We waited about 2 1/2 hours.  Service was mediocre.  I had to ask for creamer for my coffee three times over ten minutes from the same server.  The food was good, not very good, not great, just good.  I tried the Chinese food, Japanese food, American food, and seafood.    The Chinese food was probably the best of what I tried.  The sushi, once again was just good.  Likely not as good as a good Japanese restaurant in any major city.  I had their snow crab legs, and they were good, but not as sweet and juicy as the ones I had a couple weeks earlier in the Bellagio buffet.  The prime rib was also good, but not as good as what I have had at the Wynn buffet.  . . Now the Ugly:  Part of the reason that the wait was so horrendous was that the management lets their rewards program Diamond members stand in a separate line.  They then pretty much hold the regular buffet line at a stand still while they allow the rewards member line to go.   I am really a free market kind of guy, and think that a business can implement whatever policy they want.  BUT, it is one thing to allow their awards members a quicker line, but just to give you an idea, I would guess the average wait for the rewards member was 10 mins compared to our 150 minute wait.  . . In my opinion they should have a dedicated line for their rewards members which is faster than that for non reward members, but it seems overkill for the rewards members to totally monopolize the buffet, while the non members cannot gain access.  . . In conclusion, would I go back to the Bacchanal Buffet?  NO WAY at a wait over an hour let alone 2 1/2 hours.
The interior decor was beautiful. Food display was awesome. Selection was large. Taste and flavor were bland. Service was terrible.. . The food lacked any depth or spazaz in flavor. Selection and quality were on par with the Rio. Fine but not great. Some dude was angry that the olive oil was mixed with Canola oil and was calling the chef out. . . Not sure why the great reviews....I feel like I'm that odd hater.... but having been to many buffets in Vegas, I won't be coming back. I expected so much more from Caesar's Palace! Especially after paying $40.. . I had to finally get a manager to get me help refilling my tea. I waited 40 min and asked twice for a refill. I felt like I was a starving man in a desert that had to fight for a taste of liquid. . . BLUF: Wicked Spoon is better. Haven't been to the Wynn to compare theirs yet.
The ambiance and layout of the place is great. Get there early on Sundays to avoid long lines. While it was a decent size buffet it certainly is not the biggest. The stations are well organized and a good amount of selections. One drawback is the omelette station at the dessert station. The small dishes looks good for presentation but not very practical. Many of the small plates are too hot to grab. The mini pancakes are great but not necessary to have it on small places. Grabbing just two small plates would fill your plate. Get rid of the mini-plate idea. The french toast was the was excellent next to the red velvet mini pancakes. I was disappointed on a dismal fruit bar. A mixed berry dish was about it. The meat selection was excellent. The dessert selection was very average. Overall this place is okay for a $39.00 breakfast buffet there are many places with more selections.
The food was ok, lots of variety, yummy dessert, and fine service. Problem for me was, nothing stood out. Going back for my 4th plate (yeah, I know but not I never ate everything on each plate), there wasn't a single dish that I wanted more of. I actually just moved on to dessert, which I normally can't physically do at Vegas buffets. Below average to average for a Vegas buffet, which I'd say is still much, much better than any buffet outside of LV.
Things that Vegas doesn't need any more of: steakhouses, bros and buffets. Regardless, hearing about a new buffet opening up at Caesar's Palace had me intrigued (especially with the success that Wicked Spoon brought to the buffet game). There was a lot of hype: "over 500+ dishes!", "only 20 some odd dollars!", etc... We made sure to check out a little early on Sunday so that we weren't hit with waiting in a monstrous line. We get there and the line moves along fairly quickly. It takes about 20 minutes for us to get to the cashier. She then tells us that it's $50 per person.. . She breaks it down:. - Food is ~$20 +/- some change. - Mandatory Champagne/Mimosa addition (Might be a Sunday thing. None of us want to drink after going out the night before.). - 18% automatic gratuity (because we have a group of 10).  . We're ready to be seated, but then our elderly hostess miscounts our group for 8 and tells us that we need to wait for a table that can seat 10. Another 15 minutes goes by, then they take us to our tables, plural...separate. What the hell did we pay 18% extra for then? Maybe it was for the service, but I fail to see how a waitress who came around maybe 3 times to fill waters, is deserving of it. The manager came out to what I assume was going to be an apology, but all we hear is that we can take it or leave it. No real, sincere apology. . . The food, in my opinion, was okay, at best. There were some hits: the mini carafes of fresh juice, the ramen, and maybe a few of the desserts. Everything else...it's been done before.. . After this experience, I'm tempted to give up on Vegas buffets (with the exception of Wicked Spoon). . Do yourself a favor AND save a little dough. . Go to Estiatorio Milos instead, for their lunch special. Three courses, $20.11. You'll get better service and far better food. Plus, you won't feel disgusted by yourself.  . . http://chowhound.chow.com/topics/779072
I'll have to admit...I'm cheap, maybe because it's being Chinese and I rather spend my money at the tables or what but I'll admit. I'm that person that bought the buffet pass. Yes I spent $44.99 on a one day pass to Harrahs amusement of buffet. . . I really didn't know Caesars had a buffet, but whatever. So my friends and I waited in line for about 50 minutes to get in. We had our 24 hour pass there and as soon as we got up to the line.... . "Oh you need to pay an extra $16.99 on top of your pass to enter here.". . "What? Your kidding right? Nowhere it says that I have to pay more money.". . "Sorry.". . So essentally I got screwed on this deal. I wasn't going forget it. I already wasted 50 mins already in line so we all paid. . . So we got our table all the way in the back and waited for our server. We waited a good 10 minutes until he realized, "whoa...I have people!". . So they do have everything. What it really is another copy of Rio's Carnival Buffet except it's more fancy! . . The food was not bad. For the extra $17 I put in it better be decent. The meat was moist and the veggies were not bad at all. Didn't like the buffalo chicken wings, tasted like somebody dropped a bucket of vineger in there and just decided to serve it. . . Apparently service lacks, maybe when Caesar died, he decided to take all the nice servants back with him.. . I think the Rio is still hands down better in the Harrah's family of amusement foods, but Caesars Palace does come a close 2nd.
If you like quality of the Wynn and Bellagio-type buffets, Bacchanal is in the same arena but dips into your wallet a bit deeper. The 4 of us for a Sat brunch came out to a little under $180 and that's WITH the player's cards. It's a weekend champagne brunch and that's where the additional costs come in when comparing it to Wynn and Bellagio but, there isn't even an option to opt out of the champagne if you don't care for it. I agree with past reviewers that the design of the new place is absolutely gorgeous, but that's not what people wait hours for and spend $$$ on. Most of the items were either too sweet or salty, and while it's always left to personal taste, I still rather have food that is spot on or that I can add to for personal preference. The highlights for me were the carving station (prime rib was super delicate, slow roasted brisket was smoky and the thick slabs of bacon were sweet and savory) and gelato. I enjoyed the abundance in variety and cuisines and while I didn't sample any, liked the cheese, meats and dressing station! The small plates (like Wicked Spoon) were enough to sample almost everything Bacchanal has to offer without going overboard and rolling yourself out of your seat. I wouldn't return unless someone else was footing the bill and even then, I'd ask if Wynn or Bellagio could be considered.
This could have been a 4 star rating, had the seafood bar attendants not been incredibly rude.  . . Overall this was decent, but I definitely wouldn't wait more than about 30 mins in line for it. Fortunately our wait was about 10 minutes, and it shouldn't have been that since there were only 2 couples in line ahead of us and 4 cashiers,  but somehow there was some sort of computer snafu and they couldn't figure it out.. . This buffet offers a good variety of average food which is very well presented. If only the taste lived up to the visual appeal - but what can you expect from a buffet... I suppose.. . On the plus side: the variety is excellent. Korean, Italian, Mexican, Asian, American fare - all well presented and visually appealing. The sushi was outstanding - spicy tuna rolls were fresh and perfectly balanced. Rainbow rolls were fresh.  Edamame was crunchy and tasty. The Italian fare was also excellent- especially the bread basket!   . . The prime rib was tender and easily cut, very flavorful. Beef brisket was a little strange tasting. Lamb chop was average - a little more gamey than I prefer. The roasted duck was amazing.. . Vegetables were average. Desserts also average in taste but above average in presentation.. . The seafood bar was a huge disappointment. First of all the plates were in the middle of the bar - which facilitated some confusion.  The seafood displayed was apparently only for display - which the attendants somehow expected you to know.  You were supposed to ask them for hot crab legs - which actually turned out to be ice cold anyway. And don't even think about asking them to give you some hot ones.  The 'drawn butter' was not real butter. The lobster corn  chowder was very tasty but probably would have been better if it actually contained some lobster. . . We arrived 'early' (for Vegas anyway) - about 5:30pm. The service when we arrived was pretty poor, but after a shift change our waiter was much better.. . Only worth the price if you enjoy sampling small portions of a variety of food or if you have a huge appetite. . . Oh - and the 'beautiful views of the pool' don't exist.  I walked around the entire restaurant and there is hardly a table with a good view of the beautiful pool area. Pretty much the only thing you see is people engorging themselves.
3.5 stars in Caesars Palace. My friends who frequent Vegas buffets felt this buffet was comparable to others in price ($26 lunch), food quality and variety. Though this place offers dim sum and custom ordered ramen. Crab legs are served dinnertime and buffet is $45. .  . PROs:. -Nice ambiance, semi-posh with all the glass and well lit. . -Service was great. . -Food: Cooked fish, shrimp cocktail, decent soup dumplings, cheese, beef lasagna, pasta, beef ribs, freshly squeeze juices. . -DESSERTs:  Macaroons! 8-10 Gelatos to choose from. Custom made crepes. Small individual desserts (i.e. tiramisu and chocolate cake) were delish. I liked the pistachio souffle (you have to ask for it). Panna cotta was eh. I probably ate $10 worth of desserts.. . CONs:. -They served several things in these small dishes including seaweed salad. On the flip side, they served fried foods in baskets which was too much food so I didn't take them. Why can't they just let you take what you want to save on dishwashing and time spent preparing them???. -Burnt broccoli and cheese, burnt meat in custom ordered tacos, crab croquettes.
It was a Saturday, around 1 pm, the line was extremely long, about 1 hour wait, the cashier informed us it was during brunch time, the price each person came out to be $44 something like that. . . I had high expectations since the reviews I read were all pretty promising, time to test out the food myself, nothing particular caught my attention, the dim sum section was nice but nothing too special. I suppose a lot of people go there for the slow crab legs which were all cracked open and made easier to eat, I am never a fan of these things, I did enjoy their jumbo shrimp.. . The dessert bar was nice, but I didn't like how each dessert comes in small individual plate, it makes it hard to carry them back to the table, and I ended up looking like a fat kid going back and forth for dessert!. . Overall it was okay, service wasn't that great, I like Bellagio's buffet better than this, cheaper too.
My boyfriend and I came here for lunch because of the great reviews.. . I was not disappointed, except for the fact they did not have crab legs, I just wasn't blown away. For the price, blowing me away is expected.. . I loved the atmosphere. Our server was very nice and accommodating.. . The food was good, not great. The dessert area had some of the best array of desserts I have ever seen. Too bad I don't like sweets much. The fruit was very fresh. They had all kinds of dishes. I did not have a favorite dish.. . It was a great place to try while in Vegas, but I don't think we'll return.
Not very nonmeat eater friendly. Everything I thought that was suppose to be vegetarian had meat in it, lentil soup, congee soup, potatoes, the rice, . . .uh everything. I do fish too, but the fish at the sushi station was just ok. I think what was more sad was that when I left at 3:30 I noticed they had pulled out different dishes including more fish entrees. I was angry. Oh well. There were a lot of cute looking dishes. Little quail eggs on top of corned beef hash or pizza. red velvet pancakes. I didn't really enjoy my experience here, cause there was nothing for me to eat. Omelette station was gone by the time I went. I liked the truffle potatoes. I ate about 8 macaroons. The fig balsalmic gelato was good. Mimosas took forever to come. So did my water. Service sucks. Is what I am saying. For the price, I would go somewhere else. The place is nice though.
The food here is very good, but the experience is marred by long wait (to get in ... wait for the food are fairly short or nonexistent), high prices, and poor service.. . I went with friends for a late lunch/early dinner on a Saturday and waited almost an hour and a half and paid $48 to get in. As we were leaving (around 6), the line seemed twice as long as when we got there.. . Anyway, the food. Just about everything is good. Highlights for me were the lamb chops, tomahawk ribeye steak, king crab legs (that they'll heat if you ask and are pre-cut), and dessert. Salad bar seemed good too but I'm a carnivore.
Alright. I hate to do this, but they have forced me to downgrade them a star based on my most recent experience there. Really the only super great thing about this buffet is the ribeye. The shrimp seems to be better quality than the last time. The lamb was just so-so this time around. . And of course you know I already have an issue with their version of chocolate souffle. This time they only offered the banana & pistachio flavored souffle. I knew banana was already not worth the cheat from my usual Paleo diet, so I decided on the pistachio...ughh.... it was not good either. It tastes like they are using a commercial sysco brand base cake mix then just adding different flavorings. Well, it's just gross & not light and fluffy with the egg whites texture that one would usually expect from a typical souffle.. Also they raised their price up to $42.99 from $34.99 which is crazy for the lack of what you get here. Just not worth the time, money, or cheating from the diet. . Go to Bally's Sterling brunch on Sundays for $85/per person where you know you will get your money's worth plus really enjoy your meal....all you can eat lobster etc.
sunday brunch...line forming eleven am and getting longer by the minute...reaching register and part of total rewards casino...paying $forty-three.twenty-three exact per...others asleep or late...service quite slow...over fifteen minutes to request coffee and orange juice...a pot of coffee delivered and never refilled...starting with snow crab legs...split for easy pickings...enjoy self-serve cold or request heating...cocktail, horseradish or hot butter dips...pile of legs and mountain of cold peeled prawns...crustacean start...sushi selection quite poor in appearance and quality...simple salmon and tuna slivers dead above rice ball...looking dry and dull...best not to even attempt if it looks this poor...standard american-asian...hot trays of pad thai, egg rolls, sweet 'n' sour, dim sum dumplings, etc...fillers and passing...taking a salty smoked salmon delicious....chunks of whole smoke trout tasty...sliver of prime rib juicy, salted crust and perfect...dry rub ribs a stiff chew...hash browns or tater tots in individual little fryer baskets for presentation cute and crunchy....individual carafes of fresh juices from cucumber to grapefruit self-serve...some fresh fruits and a crepe to finish...just a crepe made fresh...build your own after...endless choices and decent brunch buffet...
An amazing buffet for what it is.  Caesars Palace really took it's time in renovation and making the decor and ambience a world class feel with contemporary looks and divisions of room sections. Place was clean in presentation as it should be with a newly open place.  Depending on the time of day...average wait times can range between 45 minutes to 1 hour and a half.  For now, being a newly open buffet with all the hype, expect off times to be at least a 45 minute wait.  During Lunch times 12:00pm and Dinner time around 6-7pm especially on a weekend,  you will most likely be there more than an hour.  The Lamb Chops and Rib Eye Steaks were excellently executed in cooking and portion size.  I would even go as to say the cuts of meat here rival and to some circumstances exceed quality of Texas de Brazil.  The New England clam chowder was creamy and filled to perfection with real clams. The dessert bar is exquisite, rather small looking in size it does have plenty of selection that one can appreciate to choose from.  The best part is the crepe station...and you can go around and add any toppings from fruits, to syrups, to nuts & chocolate, ice cream and even candy or more.  I could go on and on about the food...and pros.... . ...but with the good reviews one may ask why I gave it a mediocre 3 stars???. .  WELL ..... The quantity and variety deserve two thumbs up...but on an average appeal, Bacchanal would almost be typical to your usual quality buffet in Las Vegas.  The self advertised "over 500 items" supposedly makes it the most selections of food in a single buffet.  Could it be an illusion though, that it doesn't seem that way? Maybe...maybe not.  And what is up with the smaller portions in individual mini plates?  They must have took this one out of the book at (COSMOPOLITAN's "Wicked Spoon" BUFFET)  "your welcome for the free plug and advertisement" hehe, but on a serious note, this is plain ridiculous.  Sure it helps cut down on wasting food, but you can barely carry a plate with food without it taking up so much space! and plus more unnecessary dishes to clean?  I guess the price hike will take care of that.  On the other hand...the chefs/cooks cater to your needs upon availability.  Sometimes they are so welcoming, other times they are no where to be found or walking past you without acknowledgement.  It really is a hit or miss.  That is respectable for a busy buffet though.  What annoyed me is the price went up as I was told by the cashier for a second time.  Opening month was approx mid $35 minus any rewards club membership or discounts for dinner rates.  Now, the price with rewards card came out to $46 plus per person.  That's fine and dandy once in a while...but with that price you would expect the food on the counter being on point...re-filled and not being left to a crumb.  Not this time around I guess...it was kind of disappointing.  This was also my second time at this buffet...and our server looked lost giving us wrong drinks and not even making an effort to check on us or refill our drinks.  Felt like we were being ignored.  Could have been a second strike and bad day for our server...but no excuse for customer service.  We had to call a different server who apologized and gave us our drinks promptly.  Caesars management need to emphasize this critical area for it could be a downfall in the long run.  For this price...I might rather go to the Wynn, Bellagio or Wicked Spoon buffet instead.  Don't get me wrong...Bacchanal is a wonderful buffet experience that I recommend one tries at least once in their lifetime or during a Las Vegas Vacation trip...but seriously raising the price...Common Caesars Palace...Step it up!!! Next time I might not be so willing to empty my pockets and bring my hungry taste buds here...or more so... I may recommend others elsewhere, where they can get better quality and service.   I don't disagree with all the 4 & 5 star ratings on here...but this was a personal experience I had to be honest about during 2 visits here.  If I do come back a third time...please prove me wrong.
Seems smaller than the M Resort buffet, but has better quality food. Serving style similar to Wicked Spoon with individual food items pre-plated on small plates. My favorite items were the roast duck and spicy tuna roll on Asian station, but they couldn't keep the ahi poke and crab salad stocked. There were at least 4 "chefs" behind the counter that never addressed the customers or seem to care if the items were stocked or not. It wasn't very busy and I went back 3 times and they never had more than two of each or less. Mac and Cheese was fabulous, Seafood station was good, but nothing spectacular. Lobster Corn Chowder had corn, but no lobster. The Halibut and Salmon plates were okay. They were blanching pre-cracked Crab legs to order, so that was a nice variation. They had a smoked meat station, pizza station, cured meat station, Mexican food station, none of which I didn't try mainly because the items didn't look or were not presented special. The fried food station had fried chicken that was horrible, overcooked and dry. The Dessert station had fresh baked dessert Souffle' that were good. The Crepe' station was good, all other dessert items typical. They had Macaroon's (not the coconut ones, the cookie looking ones) which I haven't seen on a buffet, however, not made in house. They purchase them pre-made. I know this because when the were stocking the dessert station with them, they brought them out in the boxes they came in, pre frozen. Why they would bring them out in the boxes is beyond me. I didn't want to know that this item isn't made in house. That said, they were pretty good, for a pre-made frozen, boxed, purchased product. Overall very good buffet, but for the price paid and the buffet attendant service provided, ($86 for two adults and 1 child, 11yrs at the lunch prices, before the tip) I have to give it three stars only. Doesn't live up to the hype, (hype being this buffet is different because 90% food made to order on live action stations) Typical poor service from buffet attendents. This does not include the dessert station, where the attendents were friendly, accommodating and engaging.
Why am I rating this buffet 3 stars instead of 5 stars like many others? The answer is very simple: raw meats, and I don't mean rare, it was raw. The lamp chop was raw and the slider was raw, yuck!!!. . Other than that, everything else was good, but not $45 good. The one thing that surprised me the most was that this place has the BEST PHO in the state of Nevada. It was sooooooooooooooooooooo good that I ate like 4 freaking bowls (small bowls but still...) So now whenever people asked where can they get good Pho in Vegas, I told them about Bachanal Buffet.. . Their desert is excellent too, hopefully the quality doesn't go down hill (with time) like the Studio B at the M Resort. Anyway, I should need to cut down on buffet stuff anyway, reading Yelp reviews too much make me gain weights :-)
The place was great looking and  the employees were great, but the food while plentful every item I had was lukewarm and average in both quality and taste.
I am painfully slow getting to reviews but in this case it really worked to my advantage.. . My wife and I have been three times,  Dinner than Breakfast and finally Lunch.  Each time the price has increased from the previous visit.  It is unfortunate because I would have given 5 stars on the first visit.  After each subsequent visit however it has been losing stars.. . The positives are there.  The dishes are fresh and very flavorful.  The layout is fantastic.  The smoked meats at the carving station are superb.  The desert area is simply delicious.  No question about the food.  It is great.  Especially if it is your first visit.. . Now, areas that really need to be attended to IMO being that it is THE most expensive daily buffet in town.  This is all mostly service related.. . 1) Now I mentioned it to more than 1 employee during my first visit.  SALT goes in the shaker with less holes and PEPPER in the shaker with more holes.  My later visits.... not taken care of.  This is BASIC. Others had mentioned it as well.  Our server told us.. 2) I should not have to guess what the chefs behind the service counter can do for me.  I should not need to ask each and every single station what they do extra.  Signage at the stations explaining their extra available services would be very helpful.. 3)Prices going up, selection and service going down.  Charcuterie and cheese station selection began with a very interesting and varied selection which as of our last visit had been scaled back.. 4)First visit, Crepe' station.  I was asked what I would like on it and she proceeded to make a wonderful crepe for me.  Last visit, handed me my crepe and it became a DIY kind of deal.. . I have suggested this buffet to many friends at work and my out of town visitors.  Now however, with the increasing prices I simply can not in good faith tell people that it is the best in town.  It WAS but only just for a short moment.  The service simply does not stack up with the ever increasing price.
I think if the wait wasn't so long I could easily give this buffet 4 Stars.. . I think the best thing this buffet has going for it, is the variety of food. I think there were two things that really impressed me; the ramen and the gelato bar.. . Will I go back again? Only if the line isn't almost 2 hours long. The sad thing is that the line doesn't seem very long but takes forever. I've been in line for the Bellagio buffet which seemed twice and as long and took half the time.. . Maybe it's because it's still fairly new but hard to justify spending that long waiting for a buffet in Vegas
Being the newest buffet, we just HAD to try this place out. . . We got here around 11:45am for the lunch buffet..only to realize the longest line I've seen since the opening of the M buffet.. . You can buy the right to cut in front of the line for an additional $15. The lunch buffet menu was $39. Not bad.. . The BBQ line was the best! The prime rib they had here was REALLY goooood; chicken apple hot links, pepper hot links, baby back ribs, five kinds of marinades you can smother all over..everything! . . Seafood was MEH; I've never tasted saltier king crab legs in my life. I had to stop eating the fourth leg because my tongue started to sting. The mussels were very dry, but I did enjoy the shrimp! I believe they have oysters available during dinner time as I saw one of the line chefs shucking a bucket of oysters...for a moment I thought those were for lunch, but they weren't...what a tease.. . Anyhoo, come here and try it out. Overall it was a good experience, but the seafood line could definitely use a little sprucing up. I didn't try the Asian food they had here because...well..I'm from Rowland Heights.
My friends and I were originally suppose to go to the Wicked Spoon but that place closed around 3ish to prepare for dinner so one of my friends called up Bacchanal and they were opened the whole day, so we went to check it out. The line wasn't extremely long, but still anticipate the theme park wait of 20 - 30 mins around 3pm, it was probably longer during lunch hours. They also have a fast track line, where you pay $15 to not wait in line, price of the buffet is about $56? That price included tax and tip for a part of 7. . . The decor of the place is nice, very modern, a lot of nice fixtures and glass walls, the stations for each food selection was clean and neat. The service is excellent, staff is attentive with drinks and clearing the table so you can stuff your face with their many options. . . The prime rib line was long, so I went over to the Asian side, they had the favorite dim sum selections, I grabbed some shui mai, har gow, pork dumplings and some fried potstickers, potstickers being the best of them all, the other four were decent for a buffet. They also had bbq pork which was pretty good and some fatty roast duck. Onto the other side of the restaurant, the crab legs, which are usually my favorite to get, so I grabbed two plates, and filled it up with crab legs for our table....to my dismay, they were salty, like really really salty, I think I ended up eating like 5 and gave up, it was too overbearing....like wtf. OK, forget the crab legs, I saw fried chicken which comes in its own little fryer with fries, pretty good..........but salty as well, fuck I seriously think buffets just pound a bunch of salt. And finally I reached the prime rib which was pretty good and wasn't as salty as the crab legs or fried chicken..they also have beef tamales which actually tasted decent.. . tldr; about the same price as wynn buffet, very very salty food, great service, nice looking buffet
2.45PM Mon. Nov. 26..Best day. .I got in rite away. Always go on a off time. Checked it out 2X before on busy nite and the wait was 2 1/2hr. It was $29.18 lunch price + tip.  I got a bench.. . I had snow and alaskan crab. They were not salty like everyone complained, just not sweet. Maybe they get sweet in Jan.. . Oysters were from East Coast. Not sweet. Clams were good.. . Rib eye and prime rib was very disappointing. They were from a Nebraska ranch, dry, tuff. Sausage, ok. Tell the bbq chef to wipe the sweat off his head when he's cutting your piece of meat.. . Best food I liked was the proscuitto, different salami from Italy and violet mustard...a balsamic flavored mustard.. . Tried the pistachio and  banana souffle. Not good. tasted like mushy cupcake. They don't make the choc. one anymore..Malted ball was shitty. Tiramisu, not good.. . I liked the mint watermelon gelato and aztec chocolate. I ordered the coffee because another yelper said it was the best. Not! I drank the whole pot and didn't feel the caffeine at all.. . The waitress I had was 90 years old with dementia. She forgot  my order.. . I still like the M resort the best. The seating is better. The way M RESORT designed the layout of the  Buffet..And best of all you have access to the beer and wine..Free... . All I can say is try Bacchanal for a dif experience.
Been wanting to try Bachannal since it opened a couple of months ago.  Came here with my family over the Thanksgiving holiday.  We waited in line for 4 hours!!!!!  Personally, I don't think it's worth the wait.  If we had waited for 20 minutes, I would have given it 4 stars!  I think the only difference between this buffet and others (Wynn, Bellagio) is that they boil the crab legs so it's nice and piping hot!  Also, the crepe station is different.  You can also have your choice of caramel, nutella and chocolate topping. Other than the crab legs and crepes, everything else is pretty much in line with other buffets.. . Oh the variety of gelato they offer is a nice touch too.  Try the fig + basil and blood orange flavor.  . . One thing we noticed is the techno music that was consistently playing.  That's a sure way to get us to eat quickly and get out.  They need to change to better soothing music.  Also, interior is cold and contemporary decor.  Would I come back? Probably not - you'll find me at the Wynn buffet next time ;)
3.5 but I'll go 3 because while I was full, for this price I could've eaten at Delmonico. I've never done the "Vegas buffet" thing and so I wanted to try it SOMEWHERE.. . Price:. Lets be honest, its expensive. For 8 people they pre-charge 18% gratuity, which was $61. Total bill was over $400. Gratuity was not earned AT ALL.. . "Service":. My drinks were never refilled. Dirty plates were ALWAYS left on the table. For $61 tip and you don't actually serve me or take my order, you better make sure I have unlimited iced tea. . . Food: . It was a long wait just to get into the restaurant. Luckily you don't wait for food as long as stations are spaced out well. Dessert is the best station. Italian second best followed by American. Food was just mediocre generally. Another yelper said "a fest for the eyes but not for the stomach." I agree completely.. . Shellfish:. I'm allergic to shellfish. There is shellfish available at almost every station and they are NOT really marked. For example, I couldn't eat anything at the chinese section because hidden throughout were tiny shrimp in almost everything. I believe you can ask the chefs to accommodate you but I didn't really want to deal with that. In terms of the seafood station: those in my party said the shrimp was rubbery. My sis in law actually spit hers into her napkin. However everyone loved the crab legs and probably ate their $40 worth in that. . . Ambiance:. I enjoyed the ambiance, table sizes and music.. . I think it was a cool experience but I'd try another buffet or just go to a sit down place for the same price.
Bacchanal -- IMHO -- rates a solid Meh (or three stars). Part of that may just be my problems with buffets. I don't enjoy overeating and hate to see food wasted -- which it is by the plateful here.. . Does it represent good value for the money? If you're eating breakfast or lunch, the price is much more reasonable than dinner. And it seems to be pretty easy to get in at those times (zero wait for me at 11am on a weekday) so you save on the added cost of excessive waits that others have written about here.. . Service on my visit was friendly and prompt. No complaints there.. . Bacchanal is probably a good bet for the chronically undecided, those with fussy children, or those with enormous appetites.  Otherwise, I thinkyou're better off spending a few moments thinking about what you'd like to eat and seeking that out at one of the multitude of places on the strip. You'll probably pay less and have an all around better experience.
Arrived early and didn't have to wait in line.. . This place is big and does have the fresh cooked appearance.. . They have an extensive, Asian section and beef.  Italian was small, seafood was excellent.. . The fish had everything you wanted. Crab legs, muscles etc.. The meat section had prime rib with the rib if you wanted, lamb, brisket, ribs, sausage.. . Most everything was good. Some was excellent, but overall a good dinner for 44pp. . I was disappointed in the dessert section. Very small plates just not what I was expecting based on the huge selection in the main food area.. . It was an experience, I would go back again for about half the price or free.  In other words, not going to happen.. . Mixed drinks were about 14-15 dollars each.
This is supposed to be the new benchmark in terms of buffets in Vegas.  The insane line to get in is artificially conjured by intentionally being inefficient with their table clean up and seating.  You'll see plenty of open tables during your 2-3 hours wait to sit down!  And hell that's genius on their part since they offer a cut in front of the line option for an additional 15 bucks!. . The overall food quality is pretty good though i'll give them that but there is a crazy line to get all of the "good stuff" like crab legs and prime rib.  I mean i eventually  gave up and just ate the random stuff that didn't have a line.    I could have easily eaten 2-3x as much raw oysters and crabs legs if the line wasn't so insane.  Another genius move on their part to move these lines a long so slowly.. . I mean if you are one of those people that love buffets then definitely check this place out but personally I think you are much better off at one of the many great restaurants in vegas.
Short and simple here.  Keep in mind this is a buffet, your focus is on the most expensive items and don't expect the food to be top notch.  The obvious plan of attack, crab legs, shrimp, oysters, mussels, critters in the ocean.  Bacchanal offers cold crab legs and if you want hot, steamed ones, ask the staff behind the counter.  The crab legs were great, split in half, pinch and pull the meat off.  The shrimp cocktail, served cold, were a nice size.  Not over cooked and had a good texture, not mush.  The other items around the buffet didn't really grab my attention, such as the char siu pork, char siu ribs, roast duck, dimsum items.  But like I said, this was expected, I didn't pay $44.99 pre-tax to eat these items.  Nor did I really enjoy the kalbi and ramyun.  The sushi rolls were good, no sashimi for those expecting to get piles of raw fish on their plate.  They had a good chose of smoked meats, prime rib, lamb chops, and even beef rib, which is harder to find.. . Overall, a good experience and again, go for the seafood! Our wait at 6:30 PM was 30 minutes before we got in.  The annoying part is the restaurant is way understaffed.  As you walk around, you'll find vacant tables but then you'll notice a line that's 50+ deep.  On the night we went, only two hostesses were seating guests, but there were six cashiers?  The servers were good, but there's just not enough to assist cleaning tables to get the next group in.  Fix it!!!
Oh how I wanted to give this place a GREAT review with 5 stars. But I'd simply be buying into the hype of this buffet if I did that. . Pros: the meat/BBQ section, the home made soups, the different Asian cuisine and the amazing presentation . Cons: the seafood, the price, the wait, the hype . Let me elaborate! When I first heard of this buffet, I seen it advertised for $25 with a list of items including souffle and king crab. Neither of which were offered the day I came, nor was the price $25. I wasn't too worried about the cost, if it was up to par. . There was a wide seafood variety and I'm sure many will not like that I seen this section as a "con"  but IMO, if you offer King, then don't have it, at very minimum offer steamed snow crab! There were oyster shooters, clam bakes, and different variety shrimp, salmon and halibut. None of it blew me away. . I luckily arrived at around 5pm, in about the 3rd week of opening, so I personally did not experience the crazy wait times others have mentioned. Buying a line pass on top of an overpriced meal just doesn't float my boat. . Anyways, on to the good. . The BBQ section was on point, and I loved tht they offered lamb. I also remember seeing duck at one section as well. Nice variety. . The desserts tasted homemade, although I was disappointed in no souffle. I had a handmade crepe with fresh made whip cream & strawberries and it was ideal. I also had creme brulee, and cheesecake lollipops that finished my meal perfectly. . This place wasn't bad by anymeans. I'm sure tourist of all over will absolutely love it here. But for a born n raised vegas foodie, it just didn't do it for me. But hey, neither did wicked spoon and it was voted best in vegas! Maybe buffets just aren't my forte :)
$41.99 for brunch. $40.99 if you have a Total Rewards Card.. . Overrated. Absolutely overrated and not worth the price. I would have been so much happier and $10 richer if I had just gone to Wicked Spoon instead. Seafood selection is slim. I did appreciate crab legs, shrimp, and mussels but I was super disappointed to see them shucking oysters but not having them during brunch.. . I liked the dim sum bar. Prime rib was nothing noteworthy. Sushi was mediocre.. . The hype keeps this place busy but I will pass on this in the future.
Although an upgrade from the last Caesars buffet, a few turn-offs gave this buffet 3.5 stars:  Some of the hits included the surprisingly fresh tasting choices - the prime rib was perfectly cut and seasoned and the steamed crab leg option was a nice touch.  Some of the misses didn't have anything to do with the food really, but the layout.  . . Because the prime rib and seafood stations are inherrently the most popular, it was very difficult to navigate through to the supporting cast of the super stars.  If you wanted a classic side dish of mac n' cheese or mashed potatoes, you had to wait in the prime rib line or dare to cut someone off.  The lines to the buffet also spilled into the main walkway where incoming guests were feeding through; it made the space feel a bit busy and crowded.  . . I know it's new, but I think it was a bit too cramped for my taste.  I think Wicked Spoon trumps Bacchanal - a great 2nd choice once the buzz dies down.
Typical vegas buffet. It's defiantly an upgrade from the old caesars buffet but its not the best out there. The poorly designed buffet leaves you waiting awhile to get to the seafood and carved meats area. While in the mean time trying to move so people can get side and other food while your waiting. All in all it's worth trying now while its new and before it goes down hill like other buffets in the past.
This was kind of disappointing. The Chinese duck was always empty-I went back 3 times and just skin and bones were there. Also all of their roasted meat tasted smoked and that is not what I want. I loved the oyster shooters, the shiu mai and char siu was very good. $100 for 2. Then I splurged and bought Veuve Cliquot for $120 -only triple what I pay for at Costco. But after 1/2 a bottle, a bug was in my glass. I brought it to the manager who said it was still alive (but drunk) and brought me a whole new bottle. So I spent less for more champagne.
Really good food.. rather pricey, but I have been 2x nonetheless. Everything from an antipasti style meat counter, to Asian style foods and BBQ.. the buffet also includes and bit of sushi and fresh seafood.  They have redesigned the previous buffet to include a more spacious floor plan and larger food stations. At something like $50 for dinner though, it's a hefty tag for a buffet. I know you get what you pay for, it is just a high price to pay when you consider how much gym time it will take to burn it all off! haha.. in actuality it's pretty good ~!
2.5 hours wait time to pay. 30 mins to get seated. Lets see what the hype is all about. . . The cons:. 1) the line for seafood is placed at an utmost bad location. Since there's always a line for seafood, any food items on that section are constantly filled with ppl standing in line. To get food or even plates, you will need to get thru the line every time . 2) food too salty. I like food that has strong tastes but this is just beyond salty. 3) not much food selections. 4) unfair customers treatment from the Asian food dept. I saw a lot of customers asked for the special soup in a jar & they were told every time it will be 20 mins wait. 20 mins. 20 mins later you go back, the soup are out again. In between the 20 mins, I saw the server in that section handing 4 jars each to 3 customers that appear to know them. I'm Asian & since they were conversing in Chinese, I can tell the server was cutting slacks for them & let them have more soup, leaving other customers waiting & go back for nothing. . . . The pros: . 1) good desserts selections . 2) the only place that boil your crabs for you. 3) fresh seafood. . Seriously, when you see the line, you will think it is so good that ppl are willing to wait for 3 hours or more to get in. For those that are not willing to pay, you can pay a 'robbing' $20/person on top of the buffet price for the express lines with no wait. But the reality is, it s just another Vegas buffet & noting really special at all. The food are pretty much the same as other more recent buffet. . . If you ask me if I would stay in line again for Bacchanal, I would say no. Would I go back again? Well not really. It is just not worth the wait & the food really doesn't justify the price. . . Again as I noted at my other Vegas buffet reviews, I still think the Seafood Buffet at M Resort is still better than most of the new recent buffet. Cheaper price, shorter wait & unlimited beer & wine, you can't really go wrong!
Meh -- just OK. This buffet was hyped up to us by Caesars staff during our last visit in August 2012 before it opened, so my fiance and I figured we'd stop by during our December visit to give it a try.. . Price was more expensive than other buffets on the strip. With a Total Rewards card, our bill was $48 per person for dinner on Friday night. . . It didn't feel like the food selection was much larger than the RIO buffet, but the selection was a bit better. If you're a seafood fan, which I am unfortunately not, there were quite a few choices. My fiance pigged out on the crab legs and said that that alone was worth the cost. I did like that they had a taco station where they grilled up some beef and had a wide variety of salsas and some seriously delicious guacamole. Besides that, nothing in the main food buffet stood out to me.. . The dessert section was where I was actually impressed. The crepe station was a nice touch, wide selection of mochi, and some delicious macaroons. Yes, I did go up for seconds.. . It was the service that really made this a 3 star (I'd give it 3.5 stars for just the food). One waiter was servicing a whole section and wasn't able to keep up with the seatings. It took 20 minutes (almost 1 dish) to get his attention then another 15 minutes to get water. The table next to us (and boy, some of the tables are close) tried to get an iced tea for almost 20 minutes before walking up to another waiter. The server didn't come back for water refills until the end of the meal and plates were piling up on all the tables around us. . . I probably would not make a return appearance at Bacchanal.
Food was good, some very good. The wait on Christmas morning before 10 am was only 20 mins.; however, I have a special needs child who doesn't chew food well and wasn't going to eat much anyway.  I kindly asked if they could charge a child's price instead.  The cashier went and asked her manager and was told NO.  I had to pay the full $50 plus for him to eat about $5 worth of food...merry Christmas from Caesar Scrooge.  He had some scrambled eggs and biscuits and gravy and about three ounces of OJ.  Thanks.  Try Bellagio buffet for those with special needs kids.  They treated him much better and if you wanted to be seated sooner, ask to speak with the manager, he'll get you in sooner.. . Anyway, the good was the dim sum, the black chicken soup with ginsing, brisket, fried chicken and waffles, the Kobe sliders (great!), skirt steak with egg, sweet potato fries, sushi and spicy chorizo con papas.. . The OK, was the shrimp cocktail and crab legs .  Had better at Bellagio and better sushi.. . The really good was the watermelon mint sorbet and the cucumber juice if available.. . Quality was very good, but the customer service with my son was a deal breaker.  I had called Caesars three times and could not get someone from the buffet or a manager to speak to earlier to ask questions before we went.  We could not even get a voice mail.   Got to speak with operators who did not give me any viable information.  Similar thing happened at Wynn a couple of years ago...will never go back to gamble or stay or eat ever again.  Sometimes an act of kindness on a day like today would have gone a long way.
I would come back again if the wait is not 3 hours! . . We came on Christmas Eve and was told the wait on the regular lines was 4 hours and express line was 2 hours with 20 bucks extra. Of course, we chose to wait at express. We thought our time was too precious and what's 20 bucks anyway? If we only knew! We saw the regular line was moving constantly while we're stuck at express. Why??? Because those stupid Caesars Palace's managers don't have management skills at all. The express line was combined with Seven Star and Diamond members--I have no idea what they are, maybe the ones who stay and gamble at Caesars a lot. They have the priority. So when any of those 2 members came, they cut our line and got prioritized. There were times when we're not moving for almost an hour! . The lady who was in front of us, said if she was in the regular line, she would be in front of a family who was moving closer and closer than we were. She would be so pissed if that family got in first than her LoL... . . After 3 hours and 15 minutes, 3 dramas, (protesting to the manager about super slow express line and people arguing because after you paid, they pooled you at one place and there's no arrangement at all---that's why I said earlier, stupid managers of Caesar's who looked confused and overwhelmed!), we finally got in. The ironic thing was, after all the wait, all we ate was chicken ginseng soup and porridge! . . The desserts? Well, the crepes was no better than Paris (seriously Paris has the best crepes so far in buffet category), Other desserts was OK, nothing special, except one chocolate cheesecake, it's first time I ever had it, it's very good. . . And if you're not Oysters lover, I don't think 57.99/person buffet is worth it.
I came here twice in three days (against my own volition). talk about fat and bloated.. . The first time, I came for lunch on sunday 12/23 at 11:30am with my bf (price tag $48.99). We were afraid that the wait would be crazy, especially because it was the holiday weekend, but it wasn't bad. The line looked long, but from the time we started waiting until we got seated was about 50 minutes. Totally do-able.. . We saw a sign that stated there was a 2 hour limit so we quickly got our grub on. steamed crab legs, tacos, corned beef hash, 5 types of meat, japanese ramen, charcuterie, fried chicken, sweet potato tater tots, desserts... it was A LOT of food. as we were progressing through our meal, one by one we saw the three couples who were in line in front of us leave. wayyy confusing because we weren't even halfway through the buffet yet! weak-sauces... anyway, we barely had a minute to spare before our 2 hours were up. service was GREAT. we had a super sweet waitress who was very attentive, and this other dude who cleared our plates consistently. the food was okay. not the best. wicked spoon is way better.. . The second time I came was on Christmas at 11am with a party of 4. Again, the wait wasn't more than an hour and the price was $52. Exact same food. And same plate clearer man. I was finished with my meal within the hour this time because i was over it.. . I always hit up buffets when I'm in vegas, but i don't think i'll be back at bacchanal for awhile. wicked spoon's food beats bacchanal's BY FAR.
compare to cosmopolitan, I were more prefer to go cosmopolitan because their food is more impressed to me. and avoid to wait for 3hours in line, we go at eary morning for brunch in xmas holiday. $51/person for xmas brunch, I didn't feel its worth.
All I really remember about this buffet was standing in line. . . Standing in line for seating. We spent the extra $15 for the express line. Was it worth it? Yes...during peak times. It probably saved us an hour. . . Standing in line for the food. The way that the buffet is built requires everyone to stand in lines to get to any of the popular food stations. It was a nightmare, but probably also a strategy by the designers to get every one filled up on the cheap food. Because guess what is at the end of the line? The most expensive food...crab legs, clams, oysters and shrimp. By the time we actually got back to our seats with the food, most of it was cold. Eek. But the best way to get through the lines is to pair up and have one person hold a place in the line while the other person puts the plates full of food on the table. Repeat. . . The food: Prime rib and lamb chops were dry, clam chowder was super salty, sweet potato tater tots were delish, kobe sliders were ok, crab legs were ok, shrimp was huge and fresh and everything else wasn't too memorable. . . But...since I paid $65 for this buffet, I was going to get the most bang for my buck. The oysters! My friends and I originally grabbed a bunch of oysters in the shell, but then realized we would get the most out of the oysters shots, which are at the very end of the buffet line. We didn't even have to wait in line, we just kept grabbing the oysters shots from the counter. We poured the extra tomato juice out and just kept eating. Needless to say...a deliciousoverdose of raw oysters. =P. . For dessert I really liked the macarons, the creme brulee, the watermelon mint sorbet (so refreshingly clean), and the fig gelato were delish. Also, they serve FRESH squeezed orange juice and watermelon juice here. Just ask the waiter. Loved. . . Overall, there are some high points, but I consider this place average when there are competing buffets in the vicinity with less lines, lower prices, and more unique dishes.
I'm quite torn between giving this place 3 or 4 stars, what it boils down to is ultimately the question of quality over quantity.. . Granted this is a buffet and in Vegas, the sheer quantity of choices and variety dictates who's buffet reigns supreme. What Bacchanal lacks in variety, it makes up for in quality. I had some of the best tasting ramen, Kobe beef burgers, and pastor tacos. These were cooked to order and masterfully crafted to restaurant standards. Sadly though, given the competitions from places such as the Buffet and the Wicked Spoon, I'm not sure if I'll return for more.
the buffet was above the average vegas buffet but a few things could've been done better.... . - the layout of the buffet was all on one side but did not understand the placement of food...seafood closest to the register, meats, appetizers, asian cuisine at the very back and desserts in the middle of the buffet... im no expert on where the placement of food should be but didnt understand the asian cuisine at the very back...would think appetizers would be the very back and work you way to the front or it only makes sense...also because of the way the buffet is laid out, lines that form for the crab legs or prime rib congest other areas for diners to grab food and makes things very unorganized. . - fruit ....there was hardly any fruit...i spotted some pinapple but there should be more. . - price  was your average new buffet price for dinner at $44.95...for an extra $15 dollars you are able to hop intothe express line to skip the line...didn't think it was worth it too much since the line moved rather quickly. . - food:  tried quite a few things but the items worth mentioning were the prime rib which was a 3.5 out of 5 stars, hot and cold crab legs was a 3 out of 5 stars because it didnt taste any different from crab legs at other buffets...lamb 4 out of 5 stars was juicy not dry at all   . . - desserts : i give the creme brulee 4/5   very easy to eat not too sweet, red bean and coffee mochi 4/5, chocolate covered strawberries were delicious as well. . overall the buffet was good but could've been better
Make it by 3 PM and pay the brunch price and stay for dinner. . . The best thing here was the King Crab Legs... I have to say this was the best king crab legs I've had. Everything else was just ordinary or really just not as good as I thought it would be. Not sure if it's worth the price, but best believe I stayed and ate my moneys worth. . . I guess it's worth a try once. It's new, it's exciting, it's completely hyped up, but go at your own risk, and if your wallet is feeling generous.
Unfortunately overrated. We went on a Saturday evening in mid-December. We were in line for over an hour (got in line at 8 pm). Even with the Total Rewards member discount, dinner buffet came out to cost ~$50 per person =(. . Lots of reviewers have compared it to the Wicked Spoon buffet, but I personally think Wicked Spoon has improved significantly since it first opened (and now I consider to be among the ranks of Wynn Buffet) and is better than Bacchanal Buffet.. . Whenever I go to a buffet, I pretty much make myself try as many different foods in order to get the best overall feel of the quality. . . Although this buffet really offers a huge selection in terms of variety, the quality and taste was not impressive at all. Pretty decor and furniture, but food does not match up =(. . Probably will not return unless a friend insisted on coming again.. . (See photos for reference). . Corn on the cob: good, but nothing fancy. . mashed potatoes: average. . BBQ ribs: WAY oversmoked, can't even discern any meat taste due to all the smokiness; meat was also dry and tough. . seaweed salad: decent, but I can get better seaweed salad at my local Costco. . Italian meatball: Very good -- juicy, flavorful, and very well seasoned. AND huge!. . xiao long bao: NO SOUP INSIDE AT ALL. tiny lump of flavorless meat wrapped in dried out hard peel. failed on all levels.. . roasted duck: good for a buffet, but cannot compare to a Chinese restaurant of course.. . Alaskan king crablegs: I got the legs cooked hot (although I feel they are just boiling legs that have been already cooked before but are now cold) -- there is a separate line formed for the hot legs, which moved slow and ultimately was not worth the 10 minute wait. The crab meat was tough, rubbery, dried out, and didn't taste very fresh.. . (BEST crab legs are still at M buffet). . cooked shrimp (in-shell): DELICIOUS! perfectly seasoned, very tender and fresh! Watch out, these run out fast, so make sure you get some before you end up waiting for the next batch to be ready.. . Spanish rice: decent. . fruit: watermelon was terrible, pineapple was fresh and ripe, (chocolate-covered) strawberries were sweet and fresh. . desserts: you bet I tried most of them that evening (8+ kinds) most are pretty good and on par with the desserts at Wicked Spoon, but nothing amazing or comparable to those at M buffet or Wynn buffet.
Luckily for us, our friends got there early and waited in line for 45 minutes for Sunday Brunch.  We were running late so they let them pay for us and by the time we got there all we had to do was duck and skip the line and go straight to our table (running late..clever move, eh? haha).  Anyway, It didn't seem crazy busy, but once our server took our initial drink orders, she never came back!  . . There was a TON of variety, everything you can think of.  The lines weren't that crazy either, but it did seem to me like there was way too much of some of the food.  For example, I took a little dish of what looked like an open-faced egg sandwich with a poached egg on top.  It looked delicious, but when I took a bite of it, the egg was over-cooked and it was luke-warm.  I think if it had been fresher, it would have been delicious.  The prime rib was just okay.  The crab legs were quite dismal.  The dimsum was yuck.  Bacon is always delicious but I felt like I was drinking a shot of grease when I ate the slice of bacon..not complaining too much because bacon is bacon and is always delicious but could've done without all the grease.  My friend grabbed some dessert, which I tried a bite of.  The icecream with a brownie was really delicious.  The cookies weren't even as good as a box of nestle chewy chocolate chip cookies.  How sad.. . Also, for brunch, they need some sort of bloody mary bar, or bottomless mimosas or SOMETHING.  $14 for a bloody that probably was made of V8 and cheap vodka is NOT the business!. . Maybe I am just not a big buffet fan, as I rarely ever go to one, but I do remember going to the buffet at the Wynn and being completely blown away.  It might have been WAY more expensive as well, but seriously, this buffet was NOT worth the money.  Go to Tix4Tonight and get a half-off coupon to go somewhere else!
We came here on a Saturday night. My family had gotten there early and they wouldn't let my dad pay until the whole party was there which irked me. They had gotten there at 4 and there was no line. 1. the buffet is a pretty long distance from the garage it took us probably a good 15 minutes to walk to the buffet 2. They should have let my dad pay but not seat them until everyone was there. In any case this buffet was busy! There were lines after lines. Lines to get food...lines to pay...people were very adamant about no people cutting the line that they were just plain rude!!. . The food was good. The seafood portion was my personal favorite. I did have a slider which was overcooked and the Mac and cheese not so awesome. However, its a buffet not everything's perfect. Dessert section looked awesome! However there was a line for gelato as well. . . Overall the place has definitely upgraded its style as its more of a loungy moderny feel to it. If you don't mind waiting and you love AYCE seafood and yummy dessert then this is the place for you!
AVOID - LINES TOO LONG. . I came the week between Christmas and NYE.  At around 6, the line was about 3.5 hrs long.  We paid $20 each for the express pass which shortened the wait to only 20 minutes.  . . HOWEVER once you get inside, the FOOD LINES are also very long.  Around 7:30, there was a 30 minute long line just for the seafood.  I waited 20 minutes in the meat line!!!  I was pissed off the entire dinner because of the food lines and took more food than I can eat because I didn't want to wait in the line again.    . . Bacchanal needs better food station management.  The seafood and meat stations always have long lines which block people from getting the other dishes besides the crab legs and the carving station.  . . There was a sign that asked people to limit their eating time to 2 hours but that's impossible because you spend an hour just standing in each of the food station lines.  MANAGEMENT NEEDS TO ORGANIZE THE STATIONS BETTER.
Great food, but the wait destroyed the experience for me.  Just to get in, the line was 90 minutes, but then I had to wait another 20 minutes in the seafood line.  For $50 per person, i would have expected better.
So, after reading all the great reviews from all the local Yelpers that had a free meal here I had to come check it out. So , I came during a weekday at 11:30 and it was $45 errr ok . I am fine with that if it is good. . The good:. good layout and clean look, great deserts (crepes were perfect and gelato was supreme) , Potato Latkes, fresh juices and sliders. The bad:. The food was not of great quality overall, the Chinese food was old, mexican food was  limited, and it was considered brunch up until I left at 1:00 and still had mostly breakfast out. They are trying really hard to be Wicked spook with Tapas style items like them and really not coming close. fairly angry people working here other than the desert people which were really nice. . . I think they were good but not as good as Wicked Spoon or Studio B and probably even with the Bellagio.
I was really looking forward to this but it was a slight let down.  Most of the food was good.  Asian food section and meat selection were great. Seafood area was very limited compared to what was advertised on yelp and their website.  For $50.99 per person on a Saturday night, I would rather be at The Buffet at The Wynn with beautiful flower arrangments surrounding me.
I tried this last week, and I must say that I was severely disappointed. . . . I've read so many good things about this buffet and when they first opened up, I definitely wanted to try it due to the reviews & price. However, the price started to go up and up and when I went, it was already $46 per. It's not the price issue -- it really isn't. I'm not afraid to pay for something that's worth my while. Heck, the wait wasn't even an issue either. I've wanted 4+ hours for other buffets. It's just I don't think the Bacchanal Buffet left an impression on me.. . . However, I do LOVE their rack of lambs. It was perfectly cooked and it was juicy/tender. It wasn't dry at all like how some places cook them. Another thing I loved was their personal soup bowl of "Black Chicken w/ Ginseng" at the Chinese corner. The ramen was good as well. The soup base for it was pretty decent and light rather than heavy. Other than those three, there wasn't much to celebrate about or brag about. . . . I felt, in my opinion, that there wasn't enough variety. There wasn't really anything that screamed at me to try it. I didn't feel as though my $46+tax+tip was justified. It was a great experience, they had great service, and they were good .. but just not whatI'd imagine it to be. . . . The dessert section wasn't all that great either. . . . I feel as though Wynn's buffet or the M Resort (Studio B) would be a better selection. Though their dessert section beats Wynn's dessert section. . . . I would say try it for the experience but it's nothing "that" great.
We went for breakfast at 9:30 on a Wednesday morning.  There was no line so we were seated quickly.  The price was just shy of $30.  There were lots of yummy options, eggs benedict, chicken fried steak. croque madame, breakfast pizza, red velvet pancakes, chicken and waffles the list goes on and on.  We were seated close to the buffet so we were able to grab a couple small plated items and put them on our table and go back for more.  That was nice cause they are so cute but take up a lot of room on your plate.  Most of the stuff we tried we split in hopes of not filling up after one round.  The food was good but not amazing..not even special really.  It was good for a buffet I guess?  I was really looking forward to the fresh juice I had seen pics of.  They only had tropical and by the time we left were completely out.  I am surprised they don't restock, especially at breakfast.  Service was lacking.  Plates were not cleared and drinks not refilled, which wouldn't have been such an issue if they would restock the damn juice.  It was not busy at all.  So we should have been able to get better service.  The dessert section was nothing special.  I hope they put out better desserts with lunch and dinner.  There was crepes, pastries, cookies and candy in jars and gelato.  That was it.  We got some gelato on a small cone on the way out.  I would try again if a friend wanted to go for lunch or dinner.  I'm over breakfast though.
Waited 1h in express line that cost extra $15pp, price of buffet $50 on weekend, kids half price. For two adults, two kids, cost $201.00 in express line that took so long it could not be express! Then there is tip. At this point, too frustrated with wait to enjoy food.  For that price, you can get better food and service elsewhere for family of four, assured.  Go eat somewhere else no matter how good the buffet because it will never be better than what you get freshly made to your order in a nice restaurant.  The return on your time and dollar are over at this rate...unless you have nothing better to do but stand and wait for buffet food.
Just got back from a lovely time in Vegas and I feel I really HAVE to review this buffet...  No, really.  My bitterness compels me, even several days after the fact.. . A friend of mine who had tried this buffet on a previous trip just raved and raved about it and was eager to have the rest of our group try it, all the while hyping it up to be "the mother of all buffets!" and "so good you'll pass out!"  ...Yeahhhh, not so much.  I felt bad for disappointing him, but after spending $50 for a single meal, I have a right to be a tad critical.  So here's how it stacks up:. . PROS. . -Amazing food.  The ingredients seemed fresh and well assembled, and everydish I tried was incredibly flavorful....  Gourmet indeed!  (And the only reason this buffet gets three stars from me instead of one or two.). -Varied selection of dishes/cultural representations. -Gorgeous atmosphere.  I loved the clean lines of polished glass and stainless steel at every turn.  And I appreciate the fact that each separate area has its own individual look and feel.. -STREET TACO STATION!  Someone, somewhere, heard my prayers on this.  I was so excited to try my carnitas tacos that I almost ran into some poor, unsuspecting lady in my frenzy to get back to my table.  However, by the time I was able to make it out of the crazy line for food, they were ice cold and the carnitas were hard.    More on that below.... . CONS. . -Price.  This mutha is EXPENSIVE.  I mean, seriously, what is that about?  I chose to try this the one time for the experience, but for what this buffet offers, it hardly seems worth it.  I could go to the Wynn buffet or, to a lesser degree, Wicked Spoon to get more for my money (if the goal was, as it usually is, stuffing my face with yummy foods!).  . -Service lagged.  Once my friend was able to flag down one of the servers to order our drinks, he was pretty good about seeing to our needs.  Initially, though, he was nowhere to be found.  We had just come from the Valley of Fire about 40 minutes outside of Vegas and were dying of thirst, but no one came to ask for our order for a good 10-15 minutes after being seated.  Plenty of servers passed us and our conspicuously empty table that evening, but no one bothered to stop.. -LINES!  CRAZY, UNFORGIVING, TORTUROUSLY LONG LINES!!!  As a few previous reviewers have noted, this place has an absolutely awful set up.  I can see that if they just moved a few of the stations around the dining area (perhaps on the other side of the dessert bar, for instance), it would help immensely with the pileup of angry/hungry patrons.  As it was, I waited a good hour on my feet, plate in hand, just for a chance to SEE what foods were offered!  And this is after waiting almost an hour and a half just to get in!!  The line hardly ever moved because the lady working the carving station moved at a glacial pace and honestly looked like she could cry from being overwhelmed with orders.  I would've avoided the meat altogether, really, but after waiting that long to get a shot at my different options, I knew I had to at least try some ribs and the brisket.  There would be NO going back, that's for sure!!  I hardly ever got a chance to eat with my friends because we all stood in the massive line of doom at varying times.  :(  Boo.... -Rude staff.  The situation in line was intense, folks, as I have mentioned, but there was intensity from the kitchen, too.  When I had finally made my way up to the carving station (hallelujah!), an older gentleman came right up in front of me and lifted his plate up, asking if the carving lady could put just the tiniest piece of chicken on it.  While I was in NO MOOD to allow someone to cut in front of me, even I felt this sweet old man deserved a better response than what he received...  One of the kitchen staff heard him and came forward, rudely yelling at him to get to the back of the line.  He scowled in the general direction of the rest of us, too.  I get that he may have been having a rough night with a bunch of unhappy patrons, but there was no need for that.  I'm a big girl, and I can speak for myself, thanks.. -Repeatedly out of foods.  I missed out on mac and cheese and green tea mochi balls, people!  And once they ran out, there was no replacing them.. -THEY LIMIT YOUR PORTIONS.  ...Think about this.  It's a buffet, for crying out loud!  For $50, I think I am entitled to pile my plate if I choose, but management came around and literally limited the quantity of meats per person.  Not cool.  Not cool at all!
We're typically very good at getting to buffets super early before the dinner rush, but our schedule went off track and we didn't arrive till 6:45--didn't get seated until 8:30. The line also looks misleadingly short. . . I could justify the line if the food was amazing (like the Wynn Buffet), but even though we were so hungry our stomachs were devouring themselves, we left feeling rather ho-hum about the experience.. . Everything tasted great initially, but I'm pretty certain that was because my gfs and I all experienced a second-wind of hunger. Fifteen minutes into the meal and we were pretty much done.. . Additionally, the buffet lines are poorly organized. Each section of the buffet bleeds into the other (seafood next to meat etc), so if you wanted one of the more popular foods, it was hard to tell where the end of the line was without accidentally cutting off someone else. And sometimes, you found one thing but not the other in obvious proximity--like a bunch of different hummus, yet no pita. cheese and charcuterie but no bread :(
It was only ok.  To be honest, I'm quite disappointed in our experience.  We waited quite a long time before we received our drinks.  Our group also wasn't seated together, but they had no problem charging us 18% tip because of our group size.  . . I can't think of a single dish that I was in love with except for the chocolate chip cookies, but I seem to love those everywhere I go.. . I'll be going back to the Wicked spoon instead of this place.
I was kind of disappoint may be because I had too much expectation for this place. Went there on a Friday night, wait for about 20 mins. . . Service was 4 stars. . But Food worth no more than 3 stars.. King crabs were fine like any buffets in Vegas.. They do have seafood paella, but its lack of flavor and dry.. Chinese dim sum disappointed me.. . The crepe with ice cream was good . They had japanese ramen which is unique to other buffet.. oyster shooter was not bad.. . Overall, I'll be still going back to Wicked spoon instead of bacchanal
This is one our favorite buffets here when we are talking solely about food.  Although it is on the pricier side, the food is prepared well and there are tons of options to choose from.. . However, the service is lacking (cashiers, hostesses and waiting staff).  They all seem unhappy, make weird comments that are more on the rude side and are quick to try to get you out even though you paid an arm and a leg to sit at a table.  The people preparing and serving thefood behind the counter are a lot nicer and friendlier.  I'm not the only one who has said that. My friends and co-workers who have been here have said the exact same thing about the employees here.  We also notice that if you include the tip when you pay (despite the tip being a very generous amount), the waiting staff treat you with less respect than if you didn't give pay the tip ahead of time. All friends and I have now been putting the tip on the table prior to leaving the buffet so that we get treated better than in the past.
With so much anticipation my family expected so much with bacchanal buffet and we've been on quite a few buffet here in las vegas, nevada. we came around 5:30pm (after reading some recommendations from my yelpers out here to avoid "hungry man delay") and it was perfect timing. we were on our table after 20 minutes of waiting on a Saturday dinner. not too shabby.. . DECOR: well lighted; huge comfortable seat; earthly colored carpeting; warm plates (super warm that it came with a hot plate holder). However, the only problem i had was the musical background...a bit noisy for my taste and from where i was sitting its a little loud adding up with my own family noise (having my 7 year old son there). . STATIONS/PRESENTATION: like we know there are seven stations. seafood; mexican; poultry; salad; italian; asian; dessert. each kitchen are presented with a clean elegant feel. plating of the foods are great and divided into small portions. all entree came with a name tag which is always good especially those with allergy. the only problem i had with the stations is that the kitchens are all scattered. one side has seafood ; poultry ; mexican then you walk on the left side of the room estimably like 100 steps then you get the salad ; italian ; asian while 100 steps from the right of seafood are your dessert. it gets quite far to reach left end to the right end. . . FOODS: overall taste is great. seafood kitchen offered quite a variety of clams, crab legs which seemed like regular crabs and another tray of the snow crabs, shrimp cocktail with marinara sauce or lemon, lobster chowder, corn on the cob, salmon with lemon zest sauce, baked halibut, shrimp with tomato sauce. at one point on this kitchen i had a glimpse of the sign that says "for dietary preparation, ask the chef" and stupid me had to ask if he can serve the lobster on the glass but it turned out to be a display hehehe. next was poultry with the awesomest scallop ever (which is weird because of the kitchen "poultry" maybe due to the potato IDK) presented on a cute little metal dish with glazed potato super yum! the rest i didn't really taste such as different cuts of fries, hush puppies, baked potato, baked chicken, roast beef, steak, ribs, pork, fried chicken...i got overwhelmed really. mexican kitchen didn't do anything for me so i skipped that as well as the salad and asian kitchen, maybe only trying the roast duck and i got grossed out since it was too lumpy and the day that i went, such area of the buffet really didnt sold out as the rest. italian was quite alright and my son had 3 slices of pepperoni pizza and as for myself i had pesto pasta with shrimp...lovely!...now on the dessert kitchen were i really got my money back with so much choices of baked pastries; a crepe station, ice cream station where i had the thai tea ice cream and strawberry and mochis which i end up eating like 10 pieces green tea and strawberry yummmmy!, baked souffle per request, macarons, sugar free items, chocolate mousse. . SERVICE: a little annoyed! our server failed to assist us with our drinks. at some point my husband rather stand up and do it himself with the refills...but thank god I'm with him. the plates were little late on the pick up and its just really slow. maybe like 20-30 mins before they refill us. and honestly after we left we had to buy out own bottled water to quench our thirst. bad. . PRICE: a little heavy on the budget at $50 each and my 7 year old son at $25. . ***its quite an experience. although i had better buffet on the strip in the past. the taste at Wynn, Aria or Planet Hollywood is still the best for us.. ***maybe we have to re think if were ever going back here. long lines? poor drink refill? expensive? we'll see...
I went to the new Buffett at Caesars tonight with my family and we all raved about it! Sure it's expensive but the quality of food and the multitudes of choices were amazing. The only minor annoyance was when I went back for seconds to the carving station for turkey the server gave me a tiny piece. I continued to hold my plate and said keep going. He did but obviously they have been told to ration second portions. After paying $200 for the four of us I expect to get as much meat as I want!! The new remodel looks great and I'd go back in a heart beat!
Honestly, it was OK.. . I wanted to like it, I really did.  Bacchanal is extremely hyped up and some of my friends even raved about it - I just couldn't get into it too much.  It's also one of the more pricey hotel/casino buffets.  A friend and I went around 7-8PM on a weeknight, and thankfully the line wasn't more than 15 minutes.. . The selection felt like a normal buffet selection: seafood station, carving station, asian station with ramen & pho, pasta, cheese & charcuterie bar, etc. etc.  They did have a neat little area where they were making honey.  That contraption was cool looking.  . . The only things I remember really sticking out were the taco station and dessert.  There were 3 different types of tacos available and a cook making them to order.  They were delicious and I actually broke unspoken buffet code and went back for seconds. :p For dessert, they have a crepe station where you can douse your crepe in toppings and drizzles galore.  I ended up with nutella with a side of crepe and fresh fruit. :) . . All in all, it was a pretty forgettable experience and definitely overrated.  I'd much rather spend the money at Wicked Spoon.
This was not as good as I hoped it would be.  The line was long, very long, even at 9:30 in the evening, and because of that, I forked out the extra $15 to go into the express line.  The set up is huge and there are plenty of things to choose from.  . . I was very happy to find some quality ahi tuna and could have ate just that and dessert.  In an effort to mix it up, I tried a little more than that and discovered that the only things I really enjoyed was the stuff that wasn't really cooked (the tuna, the crab legs and salads).  The ice cream mochi was delicious as were many of the other dessert offerings.  However, the main dishes, soups and sides all seemed to have a ton of salt and got to the point of just too much.  Even the soy sauce was way too salty, if that is even possible.. . Of the buffetts we tried in Vegas, this was most definitely not my favorite but certainly the most painful to my wallet.
Maybe I was just expecting to be blown away because of the Yelp reviews, but I was genuinely disappointed when I finally got to go to Bacchanal. This was the one Vegas buffet I decided to splurge on during my latest Vegas trip, and I really wish I went elsewhere. The set-up is undeniably impressive with eeeeendless bars of fresh dishes from every food genre imaginable. Everything looked lovely and I was always excited to go back to my table and try things out. While there were a few dishes that I loved (and that combined with the great service resulted in my 3 stars), I unfortunately found myself finding more things that I didn't like :(. . My favorites:. -The Mexican food! I don't usually go for Mexican at buffets, but every meat dish looked incredible - and they all were! My favorite here by far.. -The chicken fingers. I loved the presentation in the little baskets and the flavor was very rich and unique.. -Prime rib. -Glazed carrots. INCREDIBLE!. -Mac and cheese. -The ice cream/gelato bar!! I had baklava and coconut, and I wanted sooo many more!. . My gross list:. -Roasted duck. I've never had duck before and I thought it was alright, but my boyfriend tried it and said it was awful (he's had it many times). Weird texture I guess?. -Sliders. Waaay too greasy!. -Sushi. I heard good things on here but I was disappointed in the quality and selection.. -Chili and cornbread. -Shrimp and grits. -Yogurt parfaits. -Red velvet cake. I'm a baker/red velvet lover and this was a disgrace to the dessert!!. -Italian dishes. Veeery plain. . We were here on a Wednesday for lunch, and at $33.99 each the quality should have been 5x what it was. I'll only be back if the price drops (ha!) or I end up with a comp somehow :P
I've been waiting for weeks to eat here. Even more than that, I've been waiting to mark my 5 stars and add Bacchanal to my list as the best buffet in Vegas. Unfortunately I didn't get to do any of those. There's not a lot I can say bad about this place. Overall, it was a good experience, but it wasn't the best there is. . . First of all, I parked in the garage and found it difficult to find once I was inside Caesars. There were no signs to the buffet until you're almost there. We asked four employees along the way. One person didn't have a clue. Once we got there, a long line awaited us. On a positive note, we only had to wait 25 minutes. We got there on a Monday at 10:00. I can't imagine what the wait is like on a weekend. The great thing about getting there after 10 is that they start changing the food line at 11. You get the end of breakfast and the beginning of lunch. Hmmm...I believe that is called brunch. Oh....there is a big price difference between breakfast and lunch. . . The facility is beautiful. It is large enough to walk between tables without disturbing others. Yelpers comment about how expensive it is, but I think it is well worth the money. The food was very good. I was stuffed when I left. For breakfast I had bacon (greasy and fatty), red velvet pancakes (just OK), sweet potato tots (scrumptious), biscuit (OK), scrambled eggs (runny), shrimp and grits (OK). I tasted my partner's french toast and it was very good. . . For lunch I had dim sum (all that I tried was very good), paella (good and an unusual dish for a buffet), BBQ spare ribs (smoky). I didn't bother waiting in line for the very small salad bar. I tasted my partner's very good fried chicken. There were a lot of food choices and the food was a little above average for a buffet. There were no signature dishes that would be unique to Bacchanal such as some of the dishes you will find at the Wicked Spoon. Actually, the way that the food was displayed and served makes you think that the designers spent a lot of time checking out the Wicked Spoon as they were designing this place. Unfortunately, they didn't bring over the chefs.. . Lastly...the desserts. I only had the red velvet cake and carrot cake. They were both very good. I usually hate the nasty carrot cakes at buffets, but the bakery stepped up to the plate and hit a home run with the carrot cake. My friends had different desserts and said that they were all fabulous. The coffee was good. . . I don't like to do buffets because I tend to overeat. I can't imagine that I would ever go back to to this one unless I was with someone that insisted upon going there. I'd much rather go the the M or the Wicked Spoon.
After waiting 45 minutes and getting no closer to the start of the line, we decided to pay extra to get in earlier. . . While their variety is great, being told (suggested, by a sign) that I can only stay for 2 hours to feed my fat face, was a little annoying.  Then being told, by the cooks, who are sitting there in front of me, WHILE SHUCKING THE OYSTERS that were making my mouth water, that I could not get them for another 3 hours just annoyed the shit out of me.. . All in all, the food was good. Great even - Specially taken into account that this is all a buffet.... .  Time restrictions just bothered me... $50ish per person, and getting oyster teased left me unhappy... All I wanted was some oysters to fill out the rest of my meal.... . Sad Panda
For $50 a person, it's three stars but if it's $35 or $40 a person, I would say four stars.  Anyway Bachanal at Caesar's Palace is probably the best buffet along with Wicked Spoon in Vegas.  There are a variety of selections which makes it stand out.  From lamb chops to ribeye to crab legs to pho and ramen, there are a plethora of selections.  I think you have to do at least one buffet in Vegas and if you haven't try Bachanal, you should try it out.
For a buffet the food is as good as it gets. There is a catch....the price you pay to get in can buy you the same type of meal (slightly better quality) without the variety. I'm not a buffet fan, as a matter of fact this will probably be the last time I hit a buffet this year! . . Food: . Variety variety variety! There was just too much food and not enough stomach. The quality was really good for a buffet. Surprisingly had the best Bbq pork bun in the Asian section. Yes, I said BBQ PORK BUN. I know what you're thinking...wtf is he eating a Bbq pork bun at a high end buffet for? Try it and you be the judge. . . If you like deserts you will absolutely love this place! . . Service: . This is a buffet..... . Environment: . Buffets tend to transform polite individuals into crazy pushy individuals who will toss you aside if you look at their prime rib too long. . Price: . The most expensive buffet I've been to....but for the quality and variety I guess it is okay.... . Food: 5. Service: 3. Environment: 3. Price: 3
This place is so so. Very expensive.They increased the price to $45 bucks per person. $49 dollars including tax. Don't come here if you have heart disease and high blood pressure. Food is super salty!!!  I've been here twice and it seems the same. Service is great though. . . The food? only so so because the seafood stand is super sour. all of their ceviche and gazpacho is so sour. The only thing that was good there was the shrimp. Very succulent and juicy. Paella was ok. Everything else there was so so. The cooked crab legs were super salty. My bf was ok with it though. The halibut was super dry too. Salmon was not bad. . . The meat stand was ok. Only the lamb chops are divine. brisket was dry, prime rib is slightly over cooked. Veal was super dry.  Ribs were actually really good and tender. . . The mexican food stand was really salty too. the carne asada so so salty. I tried to eat the taco but threw it away bc it was so salty. . . The italian food was also very salty. sausage was almost inedible bc it's so salty.. .  Get the trend here?. . Chinese food was also very salty. Their cheese selection is only has 5 cheeses available. seriously? . . Their dessert is actually pretty good. Nice selection. It's a bit better than Wicked Spoon for dessert.  Nice selection of gelato and different desserts. . . I would come back to here but  only to eat the lamb chops and eat dessert and maybe the shrimp.
Could have easily been a 4 out of 5...but bad service and horribly inconsistent quality of the food drops it down to a 3.. . Everyone knows the deal at a buffet...quantity over quality.  No matter how much Vegas tries to reinvent the wheel with the promise of amazing quality, things always veer back.  The GF and I were excited to give Bacchanal a try while it was still new and for the most part we were very satisfied.  The afternoon was marred by a few annoying things.. . First off here are the highlights:. -Sliders - 4 out of 5 - very good. -Beef brisket - 4.5 out of 5 - one of my fav dishes there.  Don't forget the Chipotle BBQ sauce. -Shrimp and grits - 3.5 out of 5 - ...could have used a bit more seasoning but still very good. -Crab legs - 4 our of 5 for first batch 0 outof 5 for the second - first batch was great.  Perfectly cooked and easy to eat (since they were sliced in half), the second batch were HORRIBLE completely over salted and inedible. -Corn beef hash with a quail egg - 3 out of 5 - could have used more seasoning and a bit more corn beef but still pretty good. -Creme Brulee - 4 out of 5 - very good.  This was my GF's fave dessert. -Chocolate Creme Brulee - 4 out of 5 - this was my fav.  I liked the deep chocolate flavor.  Not overly sweet.  Really liked it. -Gelato Bar - 4 out of 5 - Great selection.  I tried the Aztec Chocolate which had a nice spicy flavor with good hint of spice.  Thai Tea and Watermelon lime sorbet were also great too.  The consistancy of the gelato could have been better.  They were a touch on the lumpy or pasty side, but the flavors were good. . The Mehs:. -The entire asian food section! Sushi was supermarket quality (not a compliment), the dim sum section was equally blah.  The steamed pork dumpling faired the best but was still just ok.  The sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaves was gummy and the Pho was nothing special...or even really all that ok. -Prime rib was just ok. -Braised pork belly was funky.  It was really fatty so it wasn't the most pleasant to eat. -Cheese cake was kinda powdery instead of creamy. . And here are the lowlights:. -Service was kinda blah.   There was only 1 guy bussing plates in our section so often they were stacking up. -There was also only 1 waitress so getting refills on the supposedly bottomless mimosas or fountain drinks was hard.  We had to flag her several times.. -The dessert section had a display showing all the items.  When i asked the lady where the creme brulees where she gave me and my girlfriend a good dose of attitude saying that they were on the other side. -Our second serving of crab legs inedibly over salted.  It was so salty I actually spit out my bite.  Not sure what happened but me and my GF went at different intervals and both of our crab legs were inedible so the whole batch wasn't cooked properly.. . Overall, not bad but still a little lacking.  We are definitely gonna try another buffet next time we are in town.
Ive had better food for a lot less.  The service was great...food....ok nothing spectacular.   For Buffett Food it was good but nothing special.
I tried coming to Bacchanal Buffet the weekend before Christmas. To be exact, we tried dining here on 12/22/12 on Saturday night. I assumed not many people were going to be in vegas during Christmas weekend so hoped that I wouldn't encounter super long wait for Bacchanal Buffet but boy I was wrong. Our party arrived around 7pm and there was a longgggg line that snaked around the restaurant.. . We were in line for about 20 minutes and our line was right next to people that were in front of the line so I asked the girl how long she waited in line for. She responded, "3 hours but we were started the line at an earlier point than you guys." WHAT!?!?!?! Within a minute of discussion, we decide to leave Bacchanal buffet and come by next morning for their brunch.. . Since we learned our lesson yesterday, we woke up super early on Sunday to be at Bacchanal by 7 or 730am. There was pretty much no line and we got in immediately but I left the buffet with disappointment. I know the brunch and dinner menus are usually different but the menu was SIGNIFICANTLY different. In yelp photos, I've seen all these multi-cultural food from pasta, tacos, mexican corn, prime rib and all these other foods but there were hardly anything I was looking forward to. I pretty much ate the regular breakfast food like potatoes, eggs, some pastries, and the only exciting thing there was pho/ramen/porridge section. :/ But Bacchanal is super clean and it looks fancy. There's miniature everything like mini jam, mini honey, and what not you can freely use. Brownie pts for that.. . I would like to try Bacchanal buffet during their dinner hour but I don't know about the 3+ hr wait. At this point in time, I totally prefer Wicked Spoon at Cosmo in a heartbeat.
There's definitely quality in the food they serve but for some reason it does not seem at par with Wicked Spoon nor the Wynn buffet. . . Came here for dinner a couple of months ago.  There was a long line at 8 pm on a Thursday but we were seated after a short wait.  There was enough variety and the seafood station made it worthwhile, but nothing stood out.  And I was disappointed with the dessert.  Only thing I liked was the chocolate creme brulee.. . Service is outstanding however.  Something you would expectfrom Caesars.
Came here last weekend with my husband and another couple and while we had a good experience, I didn't feel like it was a GREAT experience.  It was $50 per person and at 9:30 PM on a Sunday night, we waited about 20 minutes.. . The Seafood station made the buffet worth it, but nothing else.  The fresh Crab Legs that they steamed right in front of you were delicious.  There was no Lobster which was a disappointment given that they have Lobster in a showcase before you enter (false advertisement).  The Asian station was pretty good -- but the Sushi was no good.  The presentation was awful and it didn't taste very fresh either.  The Steamed Dumplings, however, were good.  The Meat station was good but they didn't have Filet (which I heard they were supposed to have).  I found the Lamb Chops to have too sweet of a marinade.  And the slices of Ribeye they were giving were nothing but fat.  The Wagyu beef sliders were good but the patties were too dry.  Fried chicken was bland.  Pasta was sub par.  The dessert was a disappointment too.  I believe that they boast 147 desserts -- I think I saw like 10.  And the only one that was remotely good was the chocolate chip cookie in a ramekin and one of the ice creams I tried.. . Not an experience that really sticks out to me so we probably wouldn't come back.  We kept hearing that this is the best buffet in Vegas, so I'm really bummed that everything else must be worse.
After hearing and reading of all the hype and seeing the long line on a Tuesday night I have to say I was a little disappointed. As previously mentioned the large seafood selection was rather tasteless.  At the carving station, the brisket and prime rib were very bland as well. Au ju for the prime rib is only upon request. The dry aged rib eye and lamp chops were very good. Fresh fruit was limited to a few slices of melon. The desserts were average. The Chinese items looked like they had been sitting awhile. The fried chicken was very good but the onion rings were cold. The price is high $49.95 and wii cost you an additional $15 if you want to bypass the line. I'm glad I went but would not rush back.
Ehhhhh I was super hyped to come dine at one of Vegas' newest buffets. However, after trying several items there, I don't think I'll be going back. I felt everything was just mediocre, especially in the Asian section. I may be a bit biased since I eat Asian food all the time but it just wasn't good or great like you expect one of the "best" buffets to be, although I enjoyed a couple items like the Chinese roasted duck and the Char Siu (Chinese BBQ Pork). But then again, you can't really mess up on those...The sushi and poke did not taste fresh as well.. . I also made the wrong decision of starting from the right end, the Asian section. My advice when you get here is to go straight for the crab legs and prime rib and meats (those are the best items there) and don't waste your appetite on the other mediocre food unless you want a taste of everything. If anything, try them AFTER the crab legs and prime rib and sausages...because by the time my girl tried getting some crab legs, they ran out! They then had her stand there and wait for like a good while...over 5 minutes! You're a buffet...shouldn't you be aware of when food is running out and refill it before or immediately after? When they brought out more crab legs, those ones were literally half frozen. HALF FROZEN CRAB LEGS - WHO WANTS TO EAT THAT? Definitely ruined one of the best items there.... . Sigh, another one of those overly hyped places that turned out to be a letdown. There are BETTER choices in Vegas, why pay $42 for a brunch at this mediocre one? My suggestion would be Wicked Spoon or the Buffet at Wynn and if you're willing to go a little of your way...definitely hit up Studio B buffet at the M Resort.
Was here on the weekend and waited 2 hours in the line.  You go through a line to get to a line where they make you wait to get seated.  While waiting in the second line you see many empty tables where they would not seat any of the people waiting in line.  Not to mention the girl who is in front of me all alone who took as long as we did (party of 2) to get seated also.  Not to mention them seating big tables before you who were in line before them!  so one star for their attentiveness.  . . Food was good, variety is a plenty.  Just didn't like the amount they had out so you had to wait for them to make a few things while you are waiting.  Not to mention, they were running out of things, especially you are suppose to be a buffet place.  They had snow crabs legs and at the VERY end brought out the king crab legs, talk about cheap.  SO two stars here.. . Overall experience, it was ok.  Not work my two hours to wait here.  Rather take the time and go to the M buffet off the strip.
My family and I (group of 8) tried the new buffet on a Saturday night.  It is good my uncle has platinum status as the regular line was really long.  We even waited about 20 minutes in the platinum line. Also, because we had a large group, we had to split the group into two tables so I did not see half my family during the whole dinner. I would say overall the food is really good here.  As with any typically buffet, they had food from all different countries, styles, etc.  Everyone I had was good.  My main issue with the place is all of their action stations.  They seem to not have enough staff to cover the amount of people that want food from the action stations.  There were really long lines and it blocked others from getting the food that was already prepared.  I missed many stations because the lines were blocking the way.  They have to either hirer more staff to move the lines along faster or they need to somehow arrange the lines so they are not blocking other people.  I would probably try the buffet again but definitely not for dinner on a Saturday night.
This is probably the best buffet I've been to in Vegas. The had a variety of things from raw seafood to grilled meats to chinese food. I love eating raw oysters but the oysters here lacked any taste. The grilled meats were good but only if you got a piece that wasn't overcooked. I went back for the ribeye multiple times and it was a hit or miss. . . I arrived at around 5:30 and didn't have to wait at all. Left around 7ish and saw the huge line. If you do go to a Vegas buffet, wait for this one. If you've already been here once it's probably not worth it to wait again.
After hearing all the buzz about Bacchanal buffet, my friends and I decided to go here for Saturday brunch/lunch while we were in Vegas. We got up early (by Vegas standards, at least) and headed over to Caesar's Palace around 10:30-11:00AM. There was no line to pay, and only a few parties ahead of us to be seated. This is where the first problem came up - the servers seemed to be SUPER CONFUSED! There were 3 of them at the hostess stand staring at the iPad seating arrangement chart and it seemed like they could not figure out where to seat everyone when you could CLEARLY see a bunch of empty tables just waiting to be filled! (NOTE: this may have irritated me more due to hunger). . After we were seated, our server was very nice and friendly and brought us waters, juices, and a mimosa for one of my friends. Then we were off! Bacchanal's Asian station is BY FAR the most diverse and delicious Asian station at any Vegas buffet I've seen! They had dim sum (ha gao, shu mai, chicken sticky rice wrapped in a lotus leaf, leek dumplings, etc.), they had a noodle station that offered pho, ramen, and udon. They had Thai (spring rolls), Korean (bulgogi) and Japanese (sushi) offerings as well.. . The pizza is delicious!! Thin crust, but able to support the weight of the toppings and nice and flavorful. There was a bunch of different pastas and the egg station that I didn't try. I really liked the croque madam sandwich (super cute portion), tater tots were nice and crispy and they had standard breakfasty foods like: eggs benedict, sausage, scrambled eggs, etc.. . The seafood was a bit limited at brunch/lunch (more is offered after 3:00 PM). But they had mussels and crab legs. There was also fresh juices served in cute glass milk bottles - orange, cucumber, tropical, and melon.. . DESSERT: lots of offerings! I tried the carrot cake (not carroty AT ALL), cheesecake (nice and dense, but a bit dry), and some of the sorbets. They do NOT have a gelato station but their sorbet offerings are SO GOOD! very unique such as balsamic fib, thai tea, watermelon mint, red bean, Aztec chocolate, chili mango and lots more! I'm glossing over the other 50 desserts they offer but it runs along the lines of pastries and baked goodies.. . I liked the buffet, but I don't think I would come back because of the price $50+. Wicked Spoon is better (and cheaper!)
The BACCHANAL BUFFET at Caesar's is billed as the best buffet in Vegas.. . Pro's - the buffet provides a wide variety of dishes: seafood, Mexican, Asian, Italian pasta's, large selection of meats, and a large variety of desserts. Everything that we tried was well prepared, hot and appetizing. . . Con's - the noise level was horrible. Music was too loud.  Finally, the cost. Price was $45.99/person. . . Conclusion: BACCHANAL BUFFET is good food even if the environment is annoying. The best buffet in Vegas? No, we still prefer the buffet at Bellagio.
Caesars Palace New Buffet. Trying to be like Wicked Spoon, eh.. Sorry Caesars, Wicked Spoon still wins in my book. . Yeah you got the Seafood going on but other than that your average.
Food was awesome, service was not.. . Easter weekend dinner was 60 bucks per person. Having the Total Rewards card provided a $1 discount. Beware that there are different lines depending on the size of our party--the cashier did not tell us and we had to wait an extra 15 min. The hostess seating us told us champagne was served all day but the server said no. Checked with another server and he didn't get back to us for the rest of the evening and avoided our table. Not very professional. Could've just come by and say that the champagne wasn't available at all. Our server disappeared for the first part of our meal and we had no drink refills for a while until we flagged down another server. . . The seafood section was great. Mussels, clams, lobster chowder, shrimp cocktail, crab labs, and oysters. The meats were cut against the grain and not very tender. Edamame was dry and not fresh, but the juicy pork dumplings were good, albeit a bit dry sitting under the heat lamps. They also have the Chinese herbal soup with ginseng and chicken, which is a good way to help cleanse your palate after all the seafood! Dessert was unbelievable with the macarons, mochi ice cream, various ice cream flavors, crepes, and cheesecake on a stick. However, no chocolate covered strawberries and the chocolate chip cookies were in fact raisin even though it was labeled as chocolate chip. I can see how it was amazing when they first opened, but they are starting to go downhill.. . The plus side was that my bf saw Cee Lo Green while waiting in line for more prime rib.
It is ok for what it is. I was just disappointed by all the hype. It was not worth the price of admission. They do serve some specialties that other buffets don't serve.
We went for breakfast on a Tuesday morning.  It cost  $25.99 plus tax not including tip.  There was a line on the bill for a tip when I paid, but I prefer to tip after I receive the service.  The prices were not listed at the cash register.  The wait in line was not bad at all.. . The food was beautifully displayed with fresh juices in mini carafes when you first walk in for breakfast.  They had orange, melon, carrot, cucumber, tropical, tomato, grapefruit, etc.. . There were Red Velvet Pancakes on a giant rotating griddle.  Later there were tortillas on it.. . There was a carving station with sausages, Salmon Wellington, and meats.  One sausage was very spicy!  The Salmon Wellington was very flaky and good with the dill sauce on the side.. . The individual egg dishes were cute, but luke warm and dried out.  The tater tots, onion rings, and waffle fries were in mini frying baskets.  They were sitting under warmers.  I like my fries hot and freshly fried.. . The Xiao Long Bao was deflated, dried out, and had very little soup inside.  But it was so cute in the mini bamboo basket.  The broccoli in the Broccoli Beef was over cooked.  The Shrimp Fried Rice was hard, but the shrimp were tender.  The Lotus Wrapped Sticky Rice had a generous portion of filling inside.. . The breakfast desserts mainly consisted on croissants and danishes.  There was a vanilla pudding in a shotglass with assorted berries.  I ate 4 of them.  My friend had the Crepe made-to order with fresh whipped cream and berries.  It looked very good.. . Overall, the temperature and freshness of the food was very disappointing.  I would not come back for that price.
Dined here on Thursday 4/4/13 with 5 friends. I will say that you can definitely eat your money's worth so that's not the issue. We all spent an additional $15 for "express pass" otherwise we would not have been able to dine at all (Total: $65.93+TIP). The "normal" line was long, REALLY long. I don't think the $15 "express pass" was worth it though because it didn't seem like we were a priority to the staff. Then they tried to squeeze 6 grown men into a table made for 4 people. We essentially used mob-rule against the lady seating us to takeover a larger table. Our waiter was great, he was 5 star. The cashiers, host/hostess, etc were 2 star. The food was 3-4 star. I am not a huge seafood person so I didn't try the crab legs but did look them over, meh. I tried various things, liked the sushi the most. They had little cheeseburgers, sort of like gourmet sliders - although only in appearance - they were DRY and way too salty. Could only eat one. Prime rib was good. Dessert offerings were good, especially the crepes. Surprisingly few offerings to pare with the crepe however. Can't say that I would wait in line for this buffet again.
I don't mind paying $50 for a 5 star buffet but this wasn't what I expected. . . First of all I found someone else's used straw on the chair they seated me at. They did not acknowledge it and I refused to touch it when my hostess should have checked the table entirely. I ordered a ginger ale and they obviously ran out of syrup from the machine or the bar so it only tasted of club soda. I put the napkin on my lap and I saw a spot of DIRT, yes dirt on my napkin and I was about to wipe it onto my mouth. . . The soup dumplings were sitting in their container for so long the gyoza soaked up what was left of the soup. I really hated the small trays that held one small item of food that was too hot to carry and too big to put on your plate for the rest of the food. The oysters on a half shell weren't their freshest. They can at least put some flavoring in it I.e. green onions, hot sauce, or salsa. The shells were not rinsed well enough. . . I wanted to complain to the manager and explain the fact that their quality control needs to be at their best because of the price that we paid for but I don't want to go back even if they offered a discount on my next visit.. . I can not fathom Bacchanal is not #1 because of the poor service and forgettable bites. However I do back up the fact that their desserts are amazing. . . I feel that paid a large amount of money to google for advertising because the experience was not great. I think we're going back to Wicked Spoon.
Went to Bacchanal the day after going to the Wicked Spoon with my boyfriend. I thought the experience was just average and I don't think it lived up to the hype of it being apparently the #1 buffet in the US. Here's the lowdown:. . FOOD:. Just Average Average Average!. . Tried:. -brisket- pretty tender and cooked well, bbq sauce was just ok. -prime rib- ewww, I got a center cut and the carver cut me a really thick (about 1 inch) and big slice, It was mostly raw, I just nibbled on it and threw most of it away. My boyfriend loves rare steak and he couldn't even eat it. I felt embarrased for throwing out like almost a lb of prime rib. Slices need to be a lot thinner and portions not THAT HUGE. . -scalloped potatoes- just average, I've had better, I thought the potatoes was a little undercooked. -salad bar- not impressive. Greek salad was good, but dissapointed they didn't have any more creative salad selections. A nice fruit or nut salad would be nice with some creative type of dressing. . -burger slider- meat was cooked well, but bun was a little hard. -lasagna- subpar. -seabass- it was okay, I thought it needed more flavor. -sushi bar- tried the nigiri, the salmon and tuna seemed relatively fresh. Didn't have any of the other rolls because they were plain- california, spicy tuna roll etc. I was dissapointed they didn't have low sodium soy sauce. . -sweet potato tater tots- seasoned well, above average, relatively crunchy. -tomato basil soup- typical cafe/restaurant quality soup. -mango chili lime sorbet and blood orange sorbet- pretty good. -mini tiramisu- subpar, the portions of ingredients are off and it didn't seem fresh. -mini strawberry lemon cupcake- not that good, icing didn't taste that great, I make better cupcakes at home. -juice bar- probably the best part, but obviously not worth the 32.99. I had the tropical juice and thought it was yummy and fresh but it could have been colder.. . PRICE:. I think this buffet is overpriced especially for a weekday during 11-3. It was 32.99 for lunch on the weekday. It's almost 10 dollars more expensive than Wicked Spoon. For the quality of the food it's not worth the price. . . THE BOTTOM LINE:. Bacchanal has a better seafood selection, but I'm not into seafood anyways and it was just average anyways. I saw that a couple people raved about a CREPE station but it was not available when I went, so don't expect it to be available. I love crepes too. I feel cheated now.. My boyfriend and I will probably not be back to Bacchanal.
My daughter, mom and I all preferred the Wynn buffet over the Bacchanal however my husband begged to differ....
I heard a lot of hype about this place.  So had to check it out.  A bit disappointed though.  My short list here is all I really have to say.. . Cons: . - Pricing: What is their pricing?  We paid $54 each.  From previous reviews on here, the dinner menu varies from $34 to $60.  Seems like they flip a coin each week?. - Service: Our busboy outshined out waitress by far.  He was far more attentive and even got us refills when she was MIA.. - Layout: yes, you get the 30 second breakdown of where everything is from your hostess, but it just didn't flow the way it should have.. - Location.... We literally asked 5 different Caesars employees where this place was and got pointed in 3 different directions.  At six months old, Caesars needs to add this to the signage around the hotel.  Had someone simply said it was next to the pool, I would have found it quicker.. -We noticed the disclaimer to 'please limit visit to 2 hours'.  However, we felt "kicked out" at one hour as our waitress brought us the check for our drinks at exactly 1 hour without asking if we were done.. . Pros:. - Seafood: Everything about it was excellent!  The Mussels, Cajun Crawfish, oysters and king crab legs... yum!. - Variety was excellent. - Desserts... WOW!. - Decor - It is beautiful in here.
Honestly this place is overhyped.  Dinner prices have gone up to about $50 on the weekend.  It was worth about $30.  The wait was about 1.5 hours on a Saturday night at 8:30 PM...  We got in and then on my second trip they started shutting down the stations.  WTF!  No oysters worth eating (they put out leftover mini oysters...)  The crab legs were older and the chef "refreshed" them by dumping them in hot water and then serving them to us with all sorts of leftover pieces of crab meat hanging all over the crab legs.  HOW APPETIZING!  There is a lot of variety here that is for sure, but nothing really tastes amazing.  Wicked spoon is still the king of the Las Vegas strip buffets.    The prime rib was good and so was the mac and cheese.  I honestly don't remember much else.  Unless I get comped, I won't be coming back here.
I recently moved to Vegas and have been trying a different buffet once a week. Today I came to Caesar's Palace for theirs. . . Pros:. Atmosphere is much like a sit-down and be served place. . The food! Wide selection of chef prepared plated foods that aren't all in a big tub. Desert bar is glorious. I highly recommend the blood orange ice cream. . . Cons: . While the service is pretty great, I got stuck in the area with a slow waiter. They took about 15 minutes to clear a plate and never asked to refill my drink until I flagged him down. . . Overall, a great variety of choices but a pretty steep ticket at approx $48/person at dinner.
I absolutely love this place for breakfast.  I have never seen so many selections for breakfast.  I'm definitely coming here again when I'm out in Vegas.. . Dinner:  its 108 for 2 people and I don't really think its all that.  Yes, they have crab and a seafood selection but I was disappointed.  I thought dinner was going to be better than breakfast.  For that amount of money you can get a nice meal at Mesa Grill located in Caesar Palace.
For $50 a person, Bacchanal Buffet is one of the most expensive buffet in the strip. I had such high expectation for this since it is rated as the best buffet by numerous sources. Unfortunately, I don't think this place really lives up to the hype.. . We came here around 6pm on a weekday and there was zero wait. We walked up to the cashier, she swiped my credit card and we were seated right away. I love the glass decorations here and they made the place so much more prettier. As I walked through the area, I realize that this place is gigangtic. On one side, there is the buffet that goes on and on while the middle area is reserved specifically for desserts. . . To start off with the good, I love the desserts here. There are just so much varieties so much sure you save room in your stomach for them. From the usual cheesecakes, ice-creams to the more unique crepes and macaroons, they are absolutely delicious. As for my other favorites, they include the cocktail shrimps and lamb chops. The meat was so tender and juicy.. . As for the not so good, let's start with the service. It was by far the worst service I have received in any of the Vegas buffets I have eaten. Every time when I finished a plate and grabbed more food, the previous plate would always be there waiting for me. And with 2 people eating, that is a lot of plate stacking to save room for the not very large table to begin with. Drink refills were also very slow and ours didn't get refilled until we were already at the dessert phase (I had to even ask for it). If the servers can't even handle the people on a weekday, what would they do on a weekend?. . As for the food, I was pretty disappointed with the seafood. The oysters were very skinny, the crab legs were verysalty and the clams were very sandy. The Japanese section also needs major improvement because the sushi selection is quite little. Seriously, I can find a $20 buffet in LA with better selection than what they offer here. . . If the price of the buffet is somewhat lower, I would rate buffet a lot higher. But for $50, I just don't think the selection and the quality of the food are worth that much. For now, Bellagio buffet is still my number one favorite in Vegas.
It's already happening...the quality is going down.   Came here on a Tuesday night for dinner around 8:45 pm.  A 15 minute wait to the point of being seated; not bad. My appetite was building as I waited in line looking at the raw bar and the crab legs. I didn't get that the last time, because I came for lunch. . . With a bigger crowd than my lunch visit, I got a better feel for the weaknesses of this buffet when it is "packed".  The waiter was far less attentive than last time, he was missing the first 15 minutes after we were seated.  I waited to order our drinks and let my fellow diners go get their food.  However, my husband had a meatball accident...and the waiter brought a rag and club soda.  That was nice although it took him about another 15 minutes to get it.. . Now about the buffet.... Again I love that for the most part they pre-portion food, so it "grab and move along".  However, the seafood bar is really not set up correctly.  The condiments and sauces are first, then the plates and then seafood.  People waiting in line (and there is always a line at the seafood bar) get down right angry cause it looks like you are cutting in line, but all you want are your condiments.   So about that seafood; I got oysters this time, and they were good but not great.  I guess I like a different type.  The crab legs....holy SALT! And I like salty, but I guess that is how they stop you from taking more than one plate.  So disappointing.. . Meats- Impressed they had lamb chops, but they were, unfortunately, well overdone.  The prime rib was also a medium-well done; i prefer it rarer and asked for a med-rare piece but that was the piece I got.  . . Mexican- I pick here and there.  Taking they carnitas, hot sauces, salsas and guacamole.. . Italian/Pizza/Mediterranean-  I don't eat any starch, but it looked decent.  Hubby said pizza crust was a bit soggy though.. . Asian- yeah. I finally made it this far, but none of it was impressive, but it was decent, better than most take out Chinese. Sushi- generic, but like they still offer it. . . Honestly, I think my favorite thing was the salad bar and cheese selection.. . I actually walked away this time, not stuffing myself. That is a first. Anyway, I STILL think this is the best buffet on the strip, but I think I won't be back unless any out-of-town guest ask to go to a buffet.
I came here from brunch on a Saturday after hearing all the hype about this buffet.  I have to say that I was disappointed.  Yes, the decor was gorgeous, but there was really nothing about this buffet that made it stand out from other average buffets on the strip that I've been to. . . The coolest thing here was that you could get your tacos made fresh...but there was always a line for this and considering I'm from SoCal and can get bomb Mexican food anytime, I was not impressed.  Their meat spread was also pretty cool, with a variety of sausages, whole hens, smoked brisket (YUM), and pork ribs.  Unfortunately, when I went the pork ribs were WAY overcooked and had a rubbery consistency.  However, this may have been a fluke because my waiter (great service here btw!) took note and made an effort to ask what was wrong with the ribs when he cleared out my plate.  . . Interesting enough, I found that the best food here was the Asian food.  They had xiao long bao, blackened chicken soup, noodle soup (pho, tonkatsu ramen!, udon), kalbi (but no kimchi anywhere?), a variety of stir fry dishes and Chinese BBQ (peking duck!!, charsiu pork, bbq pork ribs). The sushi was meh though.. . They had a pretty interesting salami and cheese spread, but that's not what I really want to eat when I go to a buffet.  I LOVED their fresh squeezed juices and got two bottles of carrot juice :9 . . They did not have their signature oysters when I went, and instead they had mussels. =/  The dessert was your typical Vegas buffet fare--I was ready to be wowed by the custom crepes and macarons, but they had neither when I went.   They had pretty interesting gelato flavors though--balsamic fig, chili mango, blood orange and baklava!!. . This place still gets 3 stars because it is a good Vegas buffet. Just not the best, and not particularly unique from other decent Vegas buffets. For the price you pay, I had expected unique dishes like Wicked Spoon (which was priced $10 less than here that day!). I would rather go to the Carnival World Buffet at Rio for a wider variety of similar food.. . Oh, and if you have a Total Rewards card you get a whole dollar off each buffet meal purchase.
I was really excited to try the buffet at Caesar's after hearing and reading so many rave reviews about it. . . I think the $35 price (if you have a casino rewards card) is right on point as it really is an amazing buffet offering a vast array of dishes.  However, I'm only giving it 3 stars cuz well alot of the dishes weren't really all that great tasting.  The presentation is beautiful and the service top notch but several of the dishes I tried were either overcooked or rather bland, especially the "American" dishes.. . The best section was by far the Asian dishes -- these were all standouts IMHO including the dim sum and the noodle dishes. The dessert bar was also good but a few of the desserts I tried were just kinda meh. The gelato on the other hand was outta this world --- a definite MUST try. . . Just as a point of reference.. we went at 1:30 and there was NO line. When we came out the line was crazy long so it seems like this a good time to come if you want to avoid the crazy crowds.
Make sure you come prepared to stand in line here at the Bachannal Buffet. Being one of the more popular buffet's on The Strip, this line can get outright outrageous I heard.  We were lucky this time,  waiting less than 45 minutes, after hearing stories of people waiting 1-2 hours. BTW, you can opt to pay an extra fifteen bucks to enter via the "Preferred" line. Nope, I'll wait. After paying for two, which by-the-way set me back a cool $102 bucks, we were escorted to our seats and invited to start anytime we wished. Ah, my dining companion and I decided we would make a "dry run" through the entire buffet to prepare ourselves for the journey ahead of us. After familiarizing ourselves with the setup, we proceeded to get our food. For me, the first stop was the Asian section. Being savvy enough to disciplineoneself to realize that there is one big huge buffet ahead and not to fill up on starch here can be difficult here.  There was a nice layout of sushi and other Oriental delicacies. As I made my way around the buffet, I couldn't help but notice the standard items found in most buffets. People were piling their plates with crab legs, which btw were probably snow crab, really skinny. I think I took maybe two small legs. I made my way to the prime rib, which is kinda how I judge a good buffet. I asked for a medium rare piece, but was a little disappointed in it's being dry. There were other meats, but they looked equally dry also. The oysters are good, though, very fresh. They have a nice display of fish in the display case which made for a great photo op!  The Mexican section was pretty good, but I think the star of this buffet had to be the dessert section. Macarons, cakes, pies, cake pops, even mochi ice cream! A dessert lover's paradise! All in all, I have to give this buffet a three star rating because I felt it was a bit overrated and because the meat section wasn't what I expected. The service was fair, although I noticed towards the end of our meal it got slow and our drinks went un-refilled... Would I go back? Probably not, I did want to try the brunch one day though. I think for the money, there are other better choices in Vegas.
This place is just A-Ok.  . . $60! outrageous!  I think the layout of food could be better.  Doesnt seem that efficient and the food way in the back seem to never get touched.. . Service is terrible.  Our first plate was on our table the entire hour we sat and ate.  Boo on that!. . Food tastes just as good as other buffets.  Since this is the newest, expect a one hour wait.. . Most of the dessert here tastes like it has 1/4 of the sugar it supposed to have.  . . TIP: show your rewards card to save $3!
Quality:   3.5.  Selection:  4.  Value: 0.  Overall:  2.5.   Went the Sunday before Memorial Day.  Encountered a long line.  Decided to pay $20 extra per person to move up in line.  Dinner price was $60.95 each.  So, I paid $80.95 per person.  There was a display case in the front with lobsters.  After being seated, I looked for the lobster.  NO LOBSTER I WAS TOLD.  What the hell.  Looked for other options.. . Great:. Lamp chops. Burger sliders. Asada tacos. . . Disappointing:. Crab . Prime rib. Sushi. Salad bar. . This buffet is worth maybe $30 to $40.  Pay $60+ and no alcohol.  Not again.
If you're in the mood for mountains of food, this is the place for you. Their selection of seafood was great, but nothing stood out taste wise. The best thing that I had by far was the sweet potato tater tots. The massive dessert bar with almost anything that you could imagine on it was fun to peruse. I had a gorgeous pecan tart that was pretty tasty. Made me with that my wife was there to enjoy it as well!
I really don't have too much to say about this buffet. I realize that it receives rave reviews and it's been featured in many "Top _____" lists of places to hit up in Vegas, but it simply didn't leave a lasting impression on me for whatever reason.. . My husband and I decided to get in line a little after lunch time, around 3p.m. The line moved so incredibly slowly, I was soon getting pissy. My feet hurt, I was tired of staring at the folks next to me, and I was hungry! Rawrrrr!. . We finally got to the front of the line after roughly 45 minutes of waiting. Once it was our turn to pay, all the cashiers left their stations and stood around chatting for about 10-15 minutes. By this time, I was expecting every dish to be made of gold and diamonds, based on the excruciatingly long wait time. . . Finally, the cashiers returned to the their stations and we paid and waited in another line to be seated. That line, luckily, didn't take as long to get through and we were seated right by the entrance of the place, about a foot away from an odd older German gentlemen and his younger 'not so interested' male date. On our other side was an Asian couple who barely ate and just looked grumpy. It was a little too close for comfort for my hubby and I, as we enjoy moving our arms freely as we eat. . . After giving the waitress our drink orders, we got up to indulge, finally. I grabbed a plate and walked around the loooooooong seafood line to get to the other areas of the buffet. I really wasn't wowed by anything they had to offer. I had some sweet potato tot things (Hey Napoleon, give me some of your tots!), mashed potatoes, some type of chicken, and a sample of numerous desserts. . . After tasting the food I had waited so long for, and paid so much for (It was an Easter buffet or something at the time), I was really not blown away. I mean, it was good, it was a Vegas buffet, after all. In all honesty, I'd much rather blow my money at the Wicked Spoon, which at least has a couple of dishes that I LOVE.. . As far as ambiance - it was super duper crowded and uncomfortable. I felt like everyone was staring at me eat because they literally were staring at me while I ate. Not EVERYone, but the people nearing the front of the line who had been waiting their hour. A good 30 or so people had a good view of me stuffing my face. I know I shouldn't care, but I'm the observant type, so it was off putting. I didn't like how closely I was sitting to our neighbors, and I didn't like being seated right in front of a line! There. I've said it. . . My hubby and I may try this buffet again on a future trip to Vegas to see if the first encounter was a fluke, but more than likely we'll stick with the Aria buffet, Wicked Spoon, or the Wynn buffet.
I chose to go here solely based on the way the food was described on the hotel pamphlet and Yelp reviews. It probably would have been a worthy meal  if it had just been the cost of the unlimited wristband ($25) plus $15 but this was solely for breakfast ALONE. Dinner prices were the unlimited wristbands ($25) and an additional $25. FLIP WHAT? That's right we paid $50/person to eat here. I was contemplating going somewhere else but after an almost hour wait and reservations at Insert Coins, I already had to push back once, I said forget it. Now if you're not going to eat seafood or high end meat, save your money and go somewhere else.. I ate 3.5 plates of crab legs, ceviche shooters, shrimp cocktails, mussels and oysters. The other half a plate was pickings from here and there. The one random pick that that I ended up really loving was spicy fish. The fish tasted like it had been marinated in a in seasoning that had a quick but low kick of heat and a splash of salt at the end. I was sad I didn't find it until my last plate but something tells me it wasn't the best thing for you. . I was so full I didn't really get to try much of the dessert. I had a creme brulee which was fabulous. It was caramelized to perfection on top while being thick and rich in the center. I also grabbed a couple of cookies for the road which were nice to snack on late in the evening after drinking. I would save this buffet for special occasions. I don't know if would ever come back to eat just for the heck of it.  The wait alone had me ticked off and starving.
I'd been looking forward to visiting the Bacchanal Buffet once I'd heard about it.  My mom really enjoyed the Wicked Spoon buffet (WSB) and when I told her that lots of reviews stated that this one was WAY better than the WSB, she was down to visit Caesars to check it out.. . Ended up going to lunch on a Wednesday afternoon around 1:00.  There was no line, but I did notice how the queue went around like crazy.  I couldn't imagine waiting in a line that long.. . We paid ($34.99 p/p) and were sat down immediately.  We were seated somewhat far from the buffet since some of the closer tables weren't cleaned up yet.  My seat was next to this standing lamp fixture, so every time I wanted to leave or get back to my seat, I had to squeeze in next to the fixture.. . Our server, Jung, was really nice and always prompt at taking our empty plates away and filling our water glasses.  . . The buffet line was huge!  There were all types of items up for grabs, including Chinese, Japanese, Italian, Mexican, and seafood.  The dessert spread was immense as well!. . I liked that they had fresh-squeezed fruit/vegetable juices up in the front and I was happy with my tropical juice combination.  Mom was adventurous and tried the cucumber juice.  Another item that stood out was the gelato from the dessert bar.  There were a lot of choices, but I ended up with the coconut one.  I could have eaten a whole cup worth of that gelato.  . . As far as any other memorable items, nothing else really stood out to me.  I guess if I went for dinner, then my opinion may have been different.  I'd be willing to go again when I return to Vegas to see if anything's changed.
So upon conferring with the wifey it appears as though I got my figures turned around as to the cost of the buffet. The buffet, if you DO NOT have a 24 hour wrist band, is $50/person. If you have the 24 hour wristband, which runs a penny shy of $50/person, the Bacchanal buffet is an additional $25 for dinner. So we technically paid $75/person to eat here but part of those funds paid for our breakfast the other two mornings. Still not worth it in my humble opinion.
I felt like this buffet was mediocre at best. The chinese section isnt even worth mentioning. I think I'd rather eat panda express. Seriously. The meat selections were so dry and reminiscentof other typical buffets. The Desert section is decent. The best part of this buffet is the King Crab Legs and the shrimp. But if you think about it, It is pretty hard to screw that up considering they just buy it in bulk and freeze em. For the same price and less wait time, you would have a better experience at the M buffet.
In the past, when we wanted a good seafood buffet, we used to head to the Flamingo for their Friday night seafood buffet.  The price wasn't bad and the seafood, although not great, was better than you could find at the other buffets in town.  Unfortunately, the price went up and the quality of the food went down.  We checked out a other places, but few had a decent selection of seafood.. . We heard some good reports of the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars and decided to check it out.  Once we navigated our way through the casino to find the buffet we were greeted by a long line waiting to get in.  Although there were probably at least 100 people in front of us, the line moved rather quickly and we didn't wait that long.  The price was about $45, but you can spend another $15 to move to the head of the line.  . . Once in and seated you see the size of the serving areas--at least twice as large as any of the others we've been to.  They claim to have over 500 items on the menu.  We didn't stop to count them all, but that number probably includes all the sauces and different flavors of gelato.  . . We tried sampling as many of the different dishes that we could.  Here's a quick overview of the different stations:. . * Seafood - this is what we came for.  Lots of choices including the standard shrimp and crab legs.. . * American Comfort - really good sweet potato tots.  The onion rings were ok, but nothing great.. . * Italian - Some good pasta and pizza choices here.  Didn't eat a lot since I tend to overstuff myself when eating pasta.  . . * Deli - lots of choices although some are the standard Tillamook cheeses I can pick up at Smith's.. . * Salad - large selection of greens and toppings.  Also a good selection of fruits and prepared salads.  Although we like salads, we tend to avoid them at buffets since they fill you up and don't leave room for the other items.. . * Carving - lots of choices, but the good stuff goes quick and you have to go back multiple times to see what's available.  Unfortunately, this was the worst station in the buffet.  Most of the meats were served cold and the ones that weren't were dried out.. . * Mexican - didn't try since neither of us is a fan of TexMex.. . * Sushi - tried a couple of the items (the tuna and salmon sashimi).  Ok, but not really our style.. . * Oriental section - My favorite station.  Everything I tried here was fantastic.  Hit this station multiple times.. . * Dessert - this is probably where most of their 500 items are.  Lots of cakes, pies, gelatos and other desserts to choose from if you have room left after eating everything else.  I had the red velvet cake (dry) and the bread pudding (better at Golden Corral).. . Here are some of the high/lowlights of some of the individual items that we sampled:. . * King crab legs - the ones on display are cold and you'll probably find a few that are still frozen.  Not much fun biting into a crabcicle.  They will cook them for you and we'd recommend that if you like your crab warm.. . * Shrimp--wow, they're already peeled.  They are on the large/jumbo size so they can have a mealy texture at times.. . * Clam buckets - not bad, but most of my clam shells were missing their clams.  Had to get multiple buckets to get all the clams I wanted.. . * Steamed Mussels - Ok, but after they're cooked they put them on ice.  They're just not as good that way as freshly steamed dipped in butter.. . * Oyster shooters - best to avoid.  Something just doesn't smell right with them and some folks have complained about being sick after trying one.. . * Oysters - they're west coast oysters, so there not as good as we could get in DC. They weren't bad, but we wouldn't recommend them unless you really have a craving for oysters.. . * Crab cakes/croquettes - very good. . * Wagyu sliders - delicious, although try to grab them when they're first put out; otherwise the rolls tend to dry out.. . * Prime Rib - sorry, I prefer my cooked meat warm, not cold.  That may have had something to with the texture of the meat.  Had better at The Feast at Santa Fe Station.. . * Lamb chops - delicious.  I probably ate more of these than anything else.. . * Chinese ribs - ok, but not that tender.  The meat should almost fall off the bone if they're done right.. . * Har Gow - a Chinese shrimp dumpling served in dim sum.  Never had one of these before and they were fantastic.  I'm not sure how many times I went back for more, but I grabbed some every time I visited the station.. . Overall, it wasn't bad, but it really wasn't great either.  There's a large selection of items to choose from so no one should go hungry.  Is it worth $50 per person?  I didn't think it was that night.  Maybe they just had an off night on the carving station.  The meats looked good, but just weren't cooked right--this was what knocked the rating down to 3 stars.  We'll probably try it again, because even if you avoid the carving station, there are still plenty of other things to choose from.
This is a hard one to write.  The food was uneven in quality. Service was great, but it is ultimately  not worth the price.  Over $100.00 for dinner including tax and tip.  We went at 5:30 on a Monday and there was no line. . . The good: prime rib, dim sum, truffle potatoes, shrimp, which were huge, although you occasionally got a frozen-ish one and the watermelon and feta salad. . . The bad: ribs, hot and sour soup, some deserts, sushi. . . The OK, but I was expecting better: Alaskan crab legs, a bit watery and not very flavorful.
Finally broke my Bacchanal Buffet virginity, and I'm sad to say that this place has been over hyped.. Or maybe I just had too high of a standard for this place because of everyone's reviews about it. . . My family and I went during dinner - around 3pm, so there was almost no wait time. Walking in, I thought this place was quite impressive. The decoration was beautiful. I've never seen a buffet decorated like this! . . We got seated, told the waiter our drink order, and left to get food. . . --- 1st serving: . . - Lo Mein noodles: Pretty yummy. Just the way I love my Asian noodles to taste like! Noodles weren't dry and it was pretty flavorful. . - Salmon Nigiri: Can I just say.. YUM?! The salmon was nice and buttery. It tasted so good and fresh! But can I just say that the rice tasted TOO vinegary for my liking.. - Kalbi ribs: Ehhh... Taste was yummy and very bbq-y BUT the meat was rubbery :( that killed it for me.. - Edamame: Pretty good; wish it had a little bit more flavor to it though.. - Penne alla vodka: HOLY YUM. I wish I got more of this, but I wanted to try bits and pieces of everything before I got insanely full. . . --- 2nd serving:. . - Oysters & crab legs: Mmm, my favorite seafood ever. So good! Though I wish the crab legs were a bit more meaty though. The ones at the Carnival buffet at Rio hadmore meat and were a bit more flavorful than the ones here.. - Beer-battered shrimp: Not my favorite.. And I LOVE BEER. I was expecting these to taste like heaven but the shrimps were too overcooked so the meat stuck to the shell. I don't know about you, but I want to eat ALL of my shrimp meat.. - Cocktail shrimp: I prefer the ones at the Carnival buffet better. Sure the shrimps here were ginormous but the flavor was not.. - Corn on the cob: BEST CORN OF THE COB. HANDS DOWN. . . As for the dessert, THIS WAS MY FAVORITE PART! It was like every single item I got was a little part of heaven going into my mouth. So good! . . --- Service: I thought the service was poor :( They took forever to get the plates off of our table. Not to mention they also failed to refill our drinks. I don't know if I'm spoiled or what, but I like it when my server is pro-active. They see an empty glass, they refill it. Simple as that right? I don't have to sit in my chair for an extra 5-10 minutes just looking around and waiting for ANY server to pass by just so I can get a refill of my peach iced tea. I understand that they get busy, but don't neglect your guests in the process of that for 20 almost 30 minutes sometimes! . . Anyway, I would go back.. If I won the lottery. This place is WAY TOO overpriced. $200 for 4 people for Saturday dinner. Yeah. OVERPRICED. When I could go to Carnival buffet for HALF of that price AND eat amazing quality foodies!
Overpriced for slightly above average food. Very nice, clean and the food was fresh. I had to over stuff myself to feel like I got my moneys worth. There wasn't anything that I really hated or loved.
*In cranky old person voice* - Buffets nowadays are getting more and more high-falutin', charging more and more for food that we can only look at longingly when our guts are full to the point of poppin!!. . Fact - The decor at Bacchanal is equal to that of Michelin-starred restaurants, a setting in which overpaying for your food seems to make sense.  There is no question this place is beautiful.. Fact - The bounty is plentiful.  This is the stuff that could trigger sensory overload...think Willy Wonka and the Chocolate factory but with more than just candy.  . Fact - Their dim sum is better than most regular Chinese dim sum places I've been to in Orange County.  Sad to say but it's true!. . Unfortunately, the ultimate fact is...unless, you're some type of competitive eater (or secretly employ the use of a vomitorium like they used to do in the olden Bacchanal days), you're only eating 1/3 of what you're paying for the buffet.  Everything else is going to the cost of decor and excess food.  "Getting your money's worth" is a purely subjective mission here.. . As beautiful as the rest of the place was, hubby and I got shoved into what appeared to be an overflow room where our chairs didn't match and our table was no better than a two top in a French cafe.. . Food was plentiful as I mentioned and nothing really stood out. It was definitely a shock and awe type feeling.. . My biggest issue with this place was the service.  Our server was ok, not super attentive so we didn't get refills unless we craned our necks to flag him down.  The biggest offender, however, was the surly possibly racist jerk at the carving station.  I witnessed him being openly rude to a meek lady with limited English skills and then suddenly offering the next few Caucasian people the biggest brightest smiles and an almost subservient tone of voice.  When it was my turn, I was once again shocked at his brusqueness and his rude tone of voice.  I smiled/chuckled and asked him if he actually gave away the entire ribeye to which his reply was an icy glare accompanied with "No, you can't have the whole steak." I ended up with the worst, fattiest cut he could scrounge up for me.  My next visit to his station was wordless even when I attempted some banter.  I'm typically a "live and let live" type of person but if I ever run into this guy again, I believe will call him out on his rudeness.  A subsequent courtesy email to Caesar's customer service received no response.. . As other Yelpers have noted, it's more expensive than typical buffets out there.  It just depends on whether you think you're willing to pay for decor and maybe slightly better tasting food.  I'm still down with Wicked Spoon....
Definitely not worth the price $55 or the wait time.. . I thought for sure, it would exceed Wicked Spoon but it just didn't.  They do offer  more food, but you definitely feel like you are in a mess hall - everyone just waiting to get some grub.  It was a bit ridiculous, waiting to get seated which can easily take over 1 hour, and then once you are inside, you are waiting in a long assembly line to get some food on your plate.. . Nothing stood out here at all, other than the jasmine chicken soup, which stayed piping hot.  Unfortunately, that was the only highlight for me.  Don't get me wrong, everything was good and there was plenty of variety, but I didn't feel like the price was justified.  I probably wouldn't choose to come here again.
I'm not one of those negative people whose life sucks, so all I write are negative yelp reviews.. . This place is definitely a novelty concept compared to the other Vegas buffets, however, this is not a buffet that will not stand the test of time.  . . THE FOOD IS SALTY!!   Most foods taste amazing when you add excessive butter or salt.   . . You have to try this place at least once so you don't feel left out.  However, it's definitely not worth the wait or the money.
"THE NUMBER ONE BUFFET IN THE LAS VEGAS BY USA TODAY". If you're a tourist I'm sure you saw that and decided to Yelp it to see if it was any good. Great job!. . The Bacchanal buffet has steady declined for me, mostly due to the behemoth price (~ $50) which could be justified for its mammoth sized choices. When it first opened it was around (~$30) for dinner which made it IMPOSSIBLE to pass in terms of buffets in Las Vegas, then they increase the prices gradually. Bait and switch :(!. . Should you go here? . . Yes if:. 1. The line isn't atrociously long (a hour plus).  - you could pay $15 per person to get in the "fast pass" line . 2. If there is not a major convention (i.e. EDC, CES, SEMA, etc).  - this would make the line 2+ hours long. 3. Money ain't a thang. 4. Comped!. 5. Relatives from out of town that want to experience a Vegas buffet. . . Is it good?. . Usually! I won't tell you what to eat because half the things aren't the same. The carving station has been solid and the assortment of ice cream flavors are pretty cool. I like the brown ale caramel and the thai tea flavor. You can get souffles baked to order, just ask! You might even see Dyan Ng, the dessert boss, whose pretty cute :).
Eek! Me thinks not. Meh. I've experienced better.. A-OK. Yay! I'm a Fan. Woohoo! As good as it gets!. . So there you have it folks. It's A-OK but I'm definitely not a fan.. . What annoyed me this trip. . . Missing Alaskan King Grab Legs (The Buffet) has that, meanwhile Bacchanal decides to serve King Crab Legs instead!. . Keynotes. BEST EFFING TIP IN THE NEXT SENTENCE!!!!!. Dinner starts at 3:00 so pay by 2:59 to get lunch price (10 dollars cheaper). Went THURSDAY June 20, 2013 price was like 44.99 for dinner with rewards card 43.99 (wtf just a dollar?). Lunch would be like 33.99 and 1 dollar off with TR card 32.99. . Cashier. "So if it's 9 people that'll be 18 percent gratuity". MUAH. "So I should do two groups then?". "Would we be able to sit close?". CASHIER. "Depends on available seats and hostess". . So I decide to split it 5/5 (we have one on the way). . Hostess . "We can't sit you guys near eachother because it has to be different servers or it'll be 18 percent gratuity". . Me "The cashier just said...". . Now I've worked F&B for years what a load of bullshit. . HERE comes the server. . "it's chill I'll serve both of them". . Sat us miles apart with the same server. . What pisses me off is that I got more service from the bussers  than the servers not to mention them not sitting us near each other when the place is empty enough for us to sit near each other. . . BACK ANAL, you DEFINITELY ARE ANAL, GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER. All your fracking employees telling me different shiz. DAFUQ!@#%?. . Btw, the employees yell Bacchanal every 5 mins for some odd odd reason. . . Next buffet to try. . THE BUFFET!!!! I want my Alaskan Crab Legs. . Pros. They can steam the King Crab Legs. HUMONGOUS peeled SHRIMP!. GET THE LEG OF LAMB, COOKED TO PERFECTION!!!!!! like PERFECTION. . Cons . Cost an arm and a leg, . staff gives two shits about service because you tip before hand. . . Everything else is standard. . BTW I walked out with a bag with 50 macarons, Check out da pics! They were okay, I've had better but that's my 55 dollars (10 percent tip cause you guys are douches with horrible service)
OMG!! Vegas Buffets are crazy!!!  If you really need to go to a buffet then this isn's a bad choice!  they have a lot of food options but their price is very expensive and for the $40-$50 per person you can enjoy a good meal in vegas and not feel like you are dying or having stomach pain! . The wait is also extreme, we waited around 1 hour!
Came here on a Thursday evening for dinner a few months ago. There was  NO LINE which was a super plus. The food was definitely good quality, but I just wasn't that impressed. I actually enjoyed the lunch buffet at Wicked Spoon better and it was half the price. I expected to find a variety of things I wouldn't see at other buffets seeing as this is the largest but to me the selection wasn't particularly wowing. For the record I don't eat seafood so that portion of the buffet was lost on me and it seems to be what everyone raves about. . . Customer service wise our waiter was fantastic. Didn't rush us, made great conversation, was ultra attentive and it really helped make the experience. I'm glad I got to try this place once and was even happier I didn't even have to wait in line for it, but I don't think I'll ever come back unless someone else is paying. And even than I'll probably try to convince them to go to Wicked Spoon.
I love buffets but  i think didnt have a big appetite that day! Came here for lunch and there was barely a line! $35 a person. The design of this place looks amazing! Food was literally everywhere! Only disappointment I had about this place when I asked for a plate of salmon sashimi with no rice the chef said something I couldnt understand. I had a ton of shrimp cocktails and a few oysters! I didnt eat any of the pasta but they looked delicious as well the salami and cheese station.. . Loved the desserts! Crepes and different flavored ice cream were my favorite!
This place has good food, but could of paid less for same quality food at other buffets in vegas. Went their mainly for seafood. Got some oysters and crablegs, which was super cold because it was sitting on ice for a while. I expected better seafood from some place that claims to be #1 in vegas.
I'm rating this place in comparison to other top-notch buffets in Vegas. My friends and I went here because of it's the new #1 buffet in Vegas and it was kind of disappointing to be quite honest. For $50 per person, I was expecting to be blown away, but I feel that the Bellagio buffet, Wynn buffet and Wicked Spoon are all better buffets and better values as well.. . Overall, I was very underwhelmed. I think the expectation and the price set the bar for this buffet high and unfortunately they did not deliver for me.
I'm kinda disappointed with bacchanal... they were missing some key items when i went couple of weeks ago... they didn't have king crab legs,waygu beef or rack of lamb. I understand that it was EDC weekend and there were more people than there were food. But if they're gonna charge the same $51, they should have those items!! . . I was also disappointed with some of their dessert items.. like their mini cupcakes! WTF? they were so dry! . . I definitely need to go again on a non-crazy weekend because i'm pretty sure they can do sooo much better!
Came here due to word of mouth, billboards claiming they are #1 in Vegas, and also because it was one of the selections in our buffet of buffets deal. So we chose the wrong weekend to come to vegas since every single buffet we visited was SUPER JAM PACKED (it was the week of the jewelry convention). The line for this one was so long it wasn't even funny. We made it in 30 mins before they were closing and I beelined for the raw oysters and seafood section. I must admit, the presentation for every single food item was beautiful and you could tell they spent a lot of effort, but I really was not blown away. Maybe I came when it was busy in Vegas or maybe it was near closing time but I mainly picked at a couple food items I liked. . . I ate massive quantities of my favorite shrimp cocktails and raw oysters. Some other notable foods were the black chicken soup in the chinese section (tasted VERRRY authentic so I give them props), their cheese and salami section, and also their gelatos, and chocolate strawberries. I would suggest offering maybe milk chocolate on the strawberries as well since some people HATE dark chocolate...hint hint..also the japanese section had no sashimi...!?!!? what!?!?...just some simple cut rolls that looked not so appealing... . Some of the food items I didn't even get to try since it was closing time and they were wrapping things up which was another thing that annoyed me. If you are a buffet and you let people in near closing time then at least let them get all their food before you start shutting your bars down! . . Overall, I think this place is a one time deal...since I'd much rather pay much less and get literally the same foods (minus the oysters) at other top notch vegas buffets.
Definitely a situation where it looks better than it tastes :-(. . We were pretty excited to splurge on this culinary feast.  I wore a dress to make sure that I could expand as much as needed after this binge.. . We tried everything...  and I gotta tell you... I was not impressed.. . When the best items of the night for me are corn on the cob and mac & cheese, I know that something is wrong.. . Yes... there is a huge variety.  But, everything was just so so.. . * snow crab legs.  huge piles of them.  but such skinny scrawny legs.  not much meat for all that work. . * prime rib.  it was good.  but there were patches of salt that would shock me.  Did I order a salt lick?  I don't think so.... . * rib eye.  pretty bland.  and SOOO fatty!!  yuck. . on to the asian section:. kalbi, pho, ramen, miso soup, beef & brocc, blah blah blah...  I commend them for trying.  But the broth of the pho and ramen were so salty, I couldn't eat it.. . I tried the pasta, fish & chips, fried chix & sweet potato fries, sliders.  I'm glad I just took a bite of each thing.  :-P. . I tried more, nothing memorable.. . even the desserts weren't good enough to go back for seconds.  And we are HUGE dessert people!!. . crepe station..  meh. . all the baked goods were dry - cupcakes, cookies.  we didn't even finish them. . I had a cheesecake that was incredibly tart, almost sour.. . I finally just gave up.. . We waited in line for 30 minutes.. . The service was excellent.  I will compliment them on that.  We were never without water, coffee, tea, extra napkins, condiments.... . $100 for 2 people... so not worth it.  Maybe it was better when it first opened up, to attract people.  As for now, there's nothing that would make me want to go back.
Expected so much, but slightly disappointed. . They need a better system to seat people -- when we went in, there were so many empty tables, so why did we have to wait so long in line?. . As a seafood aficionado, I went straight for the fish ---- overcooked and tasteless! So I settled for the scrawny crab legs. Enjoyed the oyster shooter and ceviche but not enough to want another round. Saw a display of lobster, but none were actually served unless they cooked them in the bisque. At least the shrimp were plump and succulent, otherwise their seafood station would have been a total let down.. . Prime rib -- although I like medium rare, this was too rare for my taste so they had to sear a piece for me. . . Chicken in a basket of sweet potato fries was a special treat. Super crunchy chicken. Fries had a sweet glaze that made it taste like dessert. Loved it.. . Ribs --- very dry. Definitely not the finger-licking kind. . . Vegetables and salads. Nothing spectacular. The Caesar salad was drowning in dressing which tasted like something you'd buy in a bottle from the local grocery store.. . Tried several desserts --- not impressed.  At least the flan and tiramisu tasted good.  Glad they were not overly sweet.. . Altogether, decent but hardly the best. I have a fondness for other buffets in Las Vegas. Maybe next time, we should just pick a fine dining place (like Michael Mina or Gordon Ramsey's). Buffets seem to be filling stations for gourmands, not gourmets
I have had several friends tell me I should not come to Vegas without trying this place as it should blow me away.  I arrived about 2:30 and had the pleasure of being seated next to a charming younger couple to my right.  As the meal went on we got to discussing food and life in general.  All three of us had at least 2 menu items we rated as sub par.  In my case: fried chicken that was very, very dry under the coating and creme brulee that was drinkably liquid under the torched crust..  Too have 6+ items amongst 3 people that were not up to par in a buffet rated this highly is a fail.  As a personal note I felt I sank down too low in the chair to be comfortable, it felt like a booth which is why I normally prefer sitting in a chair.  Now that I have complained, this place has a lot going for it with the total number of items, most of which are properly done.  The entire staff was very pleasant and knowledgeable.  Considering this place was full with about a 10 minute wait in line you would never know they were at capacity. . . I just come up a bit short being able to give it the 4 stars it probably, on many days, deserves.
So... not being the Las Vegas connoisseur, I had to consult my buddies on buffet choices while on a last second trip to the surface of the sun. I guess that didn't work seeing how they aren't any more "in the know" than myself. They heard it through the grape vine that Bacchanal has been generating buzz, and so we went.. . I'll have to admit, it does have a bit better quality than other buffets, but at $45/pp I would like it would. I won't go into detail about anything specific, because nothing stood out. I tried probably one of EVERYTHING (except the dessert bar since it was closing) The selection is pretty good, but other than that... it just wasn't worth the $45 imo.. . On a different note, the server/busser was excellent.. . Next on deck to try is the M Buffet or Wicket Spoon at the Cosmopolitan...
2 hr wait and 4th of July buffet is $60! :( . . I've never waited this long or paid that much for a buffet in my life. I think people hyped up this buffet way too much because it's definitely not so much more impressive than Wynn's or Bellagio's. Although to be fair it was 4th of July dinner and I desperately wanted to try Bacchanal since I first heard about it, it has been on my Vegas bucket list for awhile now. . . At first I waited in line with 5 others in our group, but since I found out I was able to use my disability pass to bypass the 2 hr line and wait in the express line  I opted for that option. Since I could only bring another person in with me, the rest of the group left to eat somewhere else and as determined as I was, I stood waiting with my bf in the express line.. . After about an hour of  waiting I was getting extremely impatient because they continuously allowed diamond, platinum, buffet of buffet people in and completely ignoring everyone in the express line. Some people actually paid an additional $20 to wait in the express line and yet they could not get in so they started complaining. After awhile they finally started letting some of us in the express line in. BUT the wait was not over, after we paid for the buffet we had to wait in yet another line to get seated. Then after getting seated we had to wait in line to get food. The whole ordeal was a waste of time and energy and by the time we sat down to eat, we weren't even that hungry anymore. . . The food options are definitely plentiful with oysters, crab legs, lobster rolls, etc in the seafood section, sausages, prime rib, filet, lamb chops etc in the carving station, and a variety of  different ethnic foods in the back. The most impressive station in the buffet would have to be the desserts. I absolutely loved the mochi ice cream and gelato. The quality ofall the food is pretty decent but I would never wait in such a long time or pay that price for buffet again. If you want to try Bacchanal, the best time is probably brunch or late lunch to avoid lines and you pay a discounted price. AVOID going during holidays, they mark up the price and there's really nothing special on the menu to justify that price change.
My first Vegas buffet experience--Meh. . . The wait was long and it was $60 freaking dollars. I could go to lunch sushi buffet 4 times with that kind of money where I'm from! . . Best part of the meal was the dessert selection: dessert mochi and tons of mini desserts so you can try a bunch!. . There's a ton of food and most of it is good, but the cost wasn't worth it.
There's definitely an amazing selection of food at Bacchanal, sure to please the most discerning of diners in Vegas. I visited this much hyped buffet last weekend, but unfortunately was unable to really get my $60's worth since I started feeling unwell once we sat down at the table (thanks to the hard shots I took earlier in the afternoon - never consume alcohol on a near empty stomach!). Fortunately, Bacchanal has the likes of pho and this God-like Chinese chicken ginseng soup (which comes in little pots, too), and after a few of those, I started to feel a bit better. I grabbed a few plates of good stuff and scoured some of the desserts, but like said, I just feel I didn't eat up to anywhere near what I paid for.. . The set up and design of the buffet is modern, but has the elegance that Vegas buffets are known for. . . The biggest downer for me aside from how my head was hurting was the service. Our waitress technically did do her job, but drinks came slow and she even served two guests in our party by slamming cups down when we asked for coffee. Not very professional (accidental or not), and we were given one carafe with a broken spout. Also, given that our party was billed a 15% gratuity fee since we had a large group (which might I add totaled to near $100), we expected service to be up to par. Not cool.. . I'm disappointed due to personal reasons, but I know I will definitely be back again to redeem myself. And for sure no more pre-alcohol next time!
I have been craving getting down with a buffet for a LONG time now - blame it on a year of wedding planning and watching what I eat - but the last few months I have constantly been saying to my hubby "Let's just drive to LV and buffet!!" Of course he would look at me and say "Uh huh...sure sure" bc obviously driving 5 hours to stuff oneself is not very practical.. . Finally, though, we came with some friends/fam for July 4th weekend (note to self - avoid the 7/4 weekend! Absolute havoc). After reading good reviews for the new Caesar's buffet we decided to do Bacchanal the morning before we drove back to LA. We dragged our butts up at 8am, got a workout in (to reduce the guilt a smidge) and I sent the hubby to get in line at 9am. When he showed up, though, there was absolutely nobody there AND there was an early bird special to pay I believe $32.99 instead of 40.99 if you come before 9:30am. If you have a Total Rewards card you get $1.00 off too.. . Of course the problem with being an early bird is that the "better" stuff may not be there (ie the more unique dinner items, etc.). There was a great spread though - fresh crepes, pancakes, waffles, eggs, pastries, gelato, fruit, salads, salsa, chinese food, meats (prime rib, ribs, sausages), cute little mini meals (ie small corned beef hashes), enough fried food to clog at least one artery per person, shrimp cocktail and king crab legs, omelets made to order, deserts, etc. etc. The food was certainly plentiful but as always, quantity does not make up for quality. The best thing was the king crab legs while everything else was subpar - unfortunately, the small pre-made portions = dried out food. There wasn't anything especially unique or delicious. The shrimp were slimy and a lot of the food just didn't seem that freshly made. . . All said, it was OK but didn't wow me or show me why it was deserving of being the "best buffet." Of course, we still stuffed oursevlves silly - I mean, we did just plunk down some $$ (we ate so much we didn't actually eat anything again until 8/9pm that night. And even then all I could muster room up for was some fruit).
I came to Bacchanal on a whim for lunch with a few co-workers and I was surprised to see so few vegetable dishes. There were plenty of meat dishes and noodles but not a lot of roasted vegetables for those who aren't into meat and carbs. As for desserts, I thought the items offered were very typical with nothing that stood out or made me go "wow, I must consume that!" . . . I left disappointed and wanting for more.
My friend really wanted to try Bacchanal since its the newest buffet place in Vegas, so we came here around 6:30 on a Thursday night. I have to say after eating Wicked Spoon at Cosmo, Wynn buffet and Aria's buffet..and all other buffets that I had in vegas in the past, Bacchanal is definitely OVERRATED. I talked to some people who live in Vegas  on our way back from Bacchanal, and they all said it's just okay, and they all agree that its a toss up between Aria's and Cosmo's buffet as the best buffet in town. So let me describe to you why this place is..just...okay.. . 1. the food selection was not as good as Wicked Spoon in terms of Asian food. I liked seeing the sushi chef making fresh sashimi and sushi at the sushi bar at Wicked Spoon, and the seafood definitely looked more fresh there than the ones I saw at Bacchanal. The only good Asian dish I had was the chicken soup, it was a little bitter because there's tiny pieces of ginseng, so that's the only thing I liked at the Asian selection.. . 2. Also, I didn't see anything unique about Bacchanal, and the selection for dessert was really standard...I was expecting the macarons to be good since I saw a lot of pictures of Macarons on yelp. But the taste of those macarons were not what I expected. . . Overall, I have to say I rather spend 50 bucks at Wicked spoon for dinner and 40 bucks at Aria's buffet for brunch... ( you get 2 complimentary buffet if you stay at Aria for two or more nights...) and Bacchanal is just one of those restaurants you probably want to go since it has been hyped up so much by friends and yelp reviews...but honestly in my opinion, I would pick Wicked spoon as my vegas buffet destination.
I will start with all the cons for this one first. The line. We got there right at noon and there was a Disneyland like line. I'd say it was about an hour or two wait. I heard the people in front of us talk about an express line so we tried that. Turns about you have to buy the 24 hr buffet pass plus all these other fees to cut everyone else in line. Total came slightly more than 100. We didn't want to wait so we just paid. When we got in, there was still more lines for the more popular items (seafood, steak, etc). Because of the long line, it even blocked access for food that weren't popular. So you didnt really know what people were lining up for, just that there was a line.. . Now to the pros. The servers were great. Got our drink orders immediately and even gave me a plate. The lady was super kind. The kind you would tip extra for. . . The place is nicely decorated. Very modern feel. Vibrate colors. Food was good. Small portion plates. . . I would totally love this place if it wasn't for the lines to get inand the line to get food. Food and service were fine.
I was pleasantly surprised at the selection of the more authentic asian foods available. There was an abundance of crab legs, but not lobster. Just lobster chowder. The prime rib and brisket were delicious. The desserts were pretty but left a bit to be desired. Overall, it was a pleasant experience, but I'm not sure if it's worth the price. It's a popular buffet, so be prepared to wait in line. We arrived at 9:00 and still waited for about 25 minutes.
Large buffet featuring an assortment of foods: American, Italian, Asian, Mexican, seafood, and so many dessert options. 3.5 stars. . Food: 3.5, atmosphere: 4, service: 4. Cost to worth it rating: 3 ($35 for weekday lunch). Return worthiness: maybe. . Highlights:. - Asian area: the best station for me. Usually you get impostors, but the cha sui baos were legit: soft buns and sweet insides without fat. Also enjoyed the large cha sui pieces and duck.. - Italian: the spinach ravioli in vodka sauce and meatball were really good. I liked the single little dishes they put out for taste portions . - Deep fried broccoli cheese casserole: surprising favorite . - American plating: loved the little buckets for the tater tots and waffle fries and the mini fry basket with a piece of fried chicken and sweet potato fries. - Brisket: nice rub on the outside and liked the option of BBQ sauces. - Red velvet whoopie pie: soft and on point flavors for a authentic rendition . - Dessert variety: from cupcakes and cookies to bread pudding to unique gelato flavors to made to order crepes to sugar free desserts and  more, there was tons to choose from. . Midlights:. - Good amount of empty spots: those items looked good but guess they were so popular they ran out . . . Lowlights:. - Shrimp: cold one tasted a bit fishy and the hot one with heads were overlooked . - Spicy fried fish: was excited for this dish but wasn't that great--probably because it was sitting out. - Meat inconsistency: some was dry. . Some items were great but as with most buffets others were mediocre. If you're a dessert person you might like it. I'd consider coming back, but won't be in a rush and wouldn't stand in a long line for it.
I have sung the praises of Bacchanal in my previous reviews, but for dinner the price is just too steep and the quality, not quite up to where I had expected. I actually believe that the brunch buffet at Bacchanal is more worth it - for 40 ish you get unlimited mimosas, sangrias, etc and an expansive fresh juice selection. For dinner, $50 bucks gets you an impressive selection of meats and seafood, but no booze. The line can also be insanely long - luckily my buddy had his diamond card and we were immediately ushered in and seated - by the time we finished, the people we originally stood in line with were just finally making their way to pay. I also preferred brunch because they had smoked salmon, red velvet pancakes, among other options. For the price of dinner ($50 ish), you'd be better served trying out a nice restaurant than gorging at Bacchanal.
I went here because I've heard from a couple people that this place was currently the best buffet in Vegas. I love Vegas buffets, and I love trying new ones. I arrived sort of late on a Thursday night (around 8pm) and waited in line for a solid 45 minutes to get seated. By then I was worried because I only had an hour or so to get my food and eat. The gf and I made our way through the lines to see all of the food. My excitement began when I saw the charcuterie and honey that looked like it was fresh from a honeycomb. I tried a few select choices of meats and some cheese and honey. It was okay. I made my way to some of the other foods including the potato wedges, macaroni and cheese, meat station, and seafood station. The meat station saddened me. Their sausages and prime rib tasted like something I could have gotten at any normal buffet that I would have paid less than $50 for... The seafood was good, but I'm new to oysters and such, so they all tend to taste the same to me. The potato wedges had been left out too long and weren't fresh any more. Mac n cheese was okay. Dessert bar was okay as well. I had some pistachio gelato but I was again unimpressed. I think they just tagged on the name of gelato, but it was just ice cream from a grocery store I'm pretty sure. All in all, it was a mediocre buffet and not worth the $50. I'd much rather go to Wicked Spoon...
Ate a ton of crab legs, always good but they were kind of falling apart as if they were in water for too long (after being cut.). Oysters were SUPER FRESH and lovely. . Ceviche was delish. . Brisket smelled amazing and smokey but it was chewy, I was looking fwd to it falling apart as it should. I got a gigantic piece of fat with little meat :(. Fried chicken good but a little dry / Sweet potato fries were good. . Mashed potatoes were a buttery bomb - SO good.. Mac 'n Cheese a-okay.. Baked Beans, delish.. Sliders - ridiculously AMAZING. . Asian food, just ok, not a lot of flavor and everything kind of tasted the same. . The meats were tender though.. hot & sour was good and super spicy. . Dim Sum kind of been sitting there for a bit - it was late.. Mango juice delish.. . Deserts - Amazing. Loved the cheesecakes and mochi ice cream (green tea especially). . Bottom line, check was like $200 almost with a bottle of wine (not the best I've tasted but I didn't order it). Left very full but somewhat satisfied.
This place is just OK.  Nothing special. I read the other comments before going there and expected food to taste super. I was disappointed. Macrons had too much fillings, way too sweet, and the crusts were too thick and not crunchy.  Prime rib was too dry.  Crab legs were good, but other buffet places have that also. Shrimp cocktails were too well done.  Just another Vegas buffet.
After having tried almost all the buffets in Vegas at one time or another I waited to try this one last because of the bar that was set in my mind.. . We went Monday night and well...  It just fell flat.. . After standing in line for a half hour just to be seated and paying $50 per head I just wasn't that all impressed.  Perhaps it didn't meet the standards I'd set in my head after reading all the rave reviews.. . The oysters were not good.  If anyone has ever been to the Gulf of Mexico and had fresh oysters from Apalachichola then you'll know what good oysters are supposed to taste like.  They should be cold, fresh and briny (salt) just like the ocean.  These tasted like warm tap water...blah!  The crab legs were just like every other buffet in Vegas.  No better, no worse.. . The meat selection was really good!  The brisket and lamb chops were just incredible and I've eaten a lot of BBQ here in the south so it's safe to say I know BBQ.. . I didn't try the Mexican as I simply didn't have room, but the line was constantly full.. . I loved the truffled potatoes and mushroom risotto. I also really enjoyed the fresh made udon noodle bowl next to the Asian section.. . The sushi was not very good at all!  Don't waste your time.  It looked like it was prepared by my 11 yr old.  Just a ball of rice with a piece of fish that looked like it was hacked with a meat cleaver.  The fish had started to dry out and had a little funk to it.. . Now the dessert section was a homerun.  I tried the multiple flavors of mochi and sorbet.  I could not get enough of the thai tea sorbet and the mango chili lime sorbet.  They were top notch!. . All in all I had a nice meal but it was nowhere near the hype.
We were on a return trip to LV and becuase we had some friends who loved this buffet we decided to give it another try, maybe it was "grand opening" issues that they worked out.. . I will say the lines were not near as long, we went this time on a Sunday night.  The meat station still had a line that you had to wait in, in my opinion this is becuase all the meat is centered around a 6 foot carving station unlike other buffets where they may have multiple carving stations.. . The food quality was as good as Wynn or Bellagio but I wouldnt say heads an shoulders better for the price.. . Just OK in my book.  I wouldnt say no to going back but I think I would be just as happy at the others.
Bacchanal Buffet, new #1 buffet in Vegas- they said.. . Best desserts and fresh oysters- they said.. . Better than Wicked Spoon- they said. . . They were wrong!!! This place can't hold a candle to Wicked Spoon. I think even the buffet at the Wynn is better. True- here the decor is nice, clean and elegant but I wasn't too impressed with the food. The oysters were the size of my pinky- and they were unable to keep the fresh seafood counter stocked so 70% of the time I went to get fresh oysters or what not- there was no food there. They have the most delicious mushroom soup but for some odd reason, they keep the big bowls of soup way to the back of the counter so it looked like it was in the kitchen instead of available to the  diners and I had to bend over backwards to reach it. . . I really loved that they serve mochi ice cream, a friend told me they were house made but I saw them take them out of boxes (I don't really care, it was delicious). The ice creams and gelatos here however, don't compare to the ones at Wicked Spoon- some of the selection even looked icey instead of creamy. . Some desserts left me going "what the hell?" For example- they made a whole dessert by placing an entire oreo cookie underneath some mousse- mousse that was already in like 2-3 other desserts. . . The Japanese side was pretty pathetic- not many choices- some seaweed salad, tuna poke, and MAYBE a vegetable roll- I'm not entirely sure the whole scope of what they offered here, since they were unable to keep the food here stocked at this counter too.... . The meats were Ehhh...I was unable to finish anything I got in the meat category- there were a decent number of choices though. . . Lastly- special shout out to the waitress we had (Sorry I don't remember her name) but she was the bomb!!! Cleared out my table and replaced/ refreshed everything half way through our meal (cause my party and I were slobs and she couldn't fathom how we could continue eating in our own drool). Never been so happy to tip.
After hearing all the hype, I was very disappointed in Bacchanal. For $50 and a long line it was not worth it. The selection was huge but nothing memorable and the things I liked can be found at other buffets for a lower cost and shorter line. They were missing a lot of the stuff my friends ate. I guess once buffets get popular they stop cooking the good stuff. Dessert was good, probably because its hard to mess it up. I probably won't come back anytime soon. Maybe if it was cheaper or shorter line
One of my missions coming to Vegas is to try a new "NICE" buffet.  I've seen tons of pictures from friends that has been here and they really looked yummy.  I recommend getting here earlier than your normal eating time because the line is long and it will take time to get seated.  Do come before 3 PM if you want to pay a cheaper price and don't do what I did.  I brought the Bf along because my girls was already eating inside by the time we arrived and I wanted company.  I paid dinner price which is $110.24 including tax for the both of us.  After paying, a lady comes and escorts you to your table and explains to you which and where each stations are.. . If you're looking for a good seafood place, this is it.  You have an option of having cold or steamed crab legs, the oysters are melt in your mouth and you might get a grit occasionally, there's also awesome oyster shooters that you have to go back for more, skip the ceviche because it's too salty or overpowering something and there's the never ending shrimp cocktail  . . . They also have a Mexican station that looks and smells legit but I didn't get to try it because I'm being picky.  I live in a place where I can get an authentic Mexican food anywhere.  Plus I was saving my tummy for other enticing things such as the pho/udon noodle station.  Their broth brought warmth and satisfaction.  Not too salty or bland.  You might have to come back to this station sometime because they do run out and have to replenish on the spot.  It took about 10 minutes.  If you feel like Italian or Chinese they have it as well.  One thing my Bf noticed is that each buffet place we've been to, all the Chinese section sucked.  It doesn't even come close to Pick Up Stix or PF Changs if they're going to westernize it.   The meat station is where the long line is.  They serve lamb, steaks, sausages, etc.  There's also a fried chicken station that comes in cute little baskets with fries in it.  I must say that the plating looks nice and cutesy that's why makes you want to talk about it.. . On the other hand, they need to work on their dessert.  Check your creme brulee if it's consistent or if the flan has set.  The ones we've tried even with the chocolate version was soft like pudding and not jiggly like a jello.  The mochi ice cream is something you can look forward too and it's better than the frozen ones from the grocery store.  Definitely worth the try if you want eye candy.
The food was delicious and a great selection!  The service not so much.  Horrible service.  Several dirty plates remained on the table.  The server didn't remember our drink order and never came back to the table.  Service should be a top priority for a place like this.
We weren't too impressed with this buffet but glad we didn't have to wait in line at all since we came right at the start of dinnertime.  . . I've noticed that you can definitely see the seafood area right in the front, but they served the same thing towards the back area of the buffet when they could've had more options.  . . For the main course, I got the prime rib, tater tots, mac & cheese, wagyu burger (which was rather dry), southwest chicken wings (that only came with 2) and some crab legs.  While they were all pretty decent, none of them really wowed me enough to want to get seconds BUT nothing else they had was tempting enough so I pretty much got some of the same things the first time around.  . . What's pretty cool about this buffet, though, has to be the areas where you can get pho or have someone make your tacos or even crepes.  They have a pretty good dessert section full of macarons, gelato and other pastries.  They seem to have a lot of those mousse desserts, if you're into that.  . . Overall, we probably won't come back.
I was very excited to try this buffet. I figured with it being so expensive everything must be great. We went for lunch on a Friday and there was virtually no line. Once we got in the place was beautiful and the server was great. She was super quick and helpful. I'll give a quick rundown on the food I tried. Waygu sliders were awesome. They pretty much melted in our mouths. They had a truffle potato cake type thing. It was amazing... highlight of the place for me. The brisket was extremely fatty and dry. Chicken marsala was fatty and nothing special. Lasagna and meatballs were very good. The sausage was very spicy but good. The fried chicken and sweet potato fries were excellent. The dessert station was very good. I'd say it was overpriced but pretty good overall. I'm glad we went but think it's an overpriced and overhyped buffet.
So this is more like 3 1/2 stars.  We went to Bacchanal this past Sunday for Dinner.  The tomahawk steak was on point...it was downhill from there which is a true bummer for me as I was looking forward to eating here for 14 months.  Snow crab legs instead of king, and I agree with other reviewers that their flavor was gone due to being pre-cracked.  I tried this and that but it became apparent that the quality was just not there.  It was more like cafeteria food which is brutal I know, but for $50?? I expected much more.  Another issue was that there were several items that i was looking for were missing.  The biggest issue for me in this area was the mochi ice cream.  I looked all around the huge dessert island and could not find it.  I asked a cook behind the counter and she said "oh it's over here" pointing to the gelato area so I walked back over there thinking I just missed them.  She caught me before I got there and said "I'm sorry, there's no mochi today"; I'm guessing someone  intercepted her and set her straight.  This brought my anger level up to boiling but I had to keep my cool as I didn't want to ruin it for my wife.  I then saw the Chef De Cuisine and asked him when the mochi was coming out.  He acted surprised that it was not out and stated he would bring a a plate of mochi to my table.  10 minutes later he came toward my table with four different kinds of mochi: orange, green tea, vanilla and mocha.  He apologized for taking so long but stated that he had to go to a different restaurant to secure them.  THAT was huge to me and garnered them another star.  In closing, I think this proves that quantity does not necessarily save the day.  I'd prefer half the dishes and twice the quality compared to what Bacchanal offers.  After this dinner the wife and I decided that we're going to swear off buffets (again).  On the plus side the room is beautifully designed and decorated.  The shrimp and grits were really good, the rolls in the Asian area were actually really good.  The busser in our area was clearing plates from our table like his life depended on it.  He was maybe the best busser I've ever seen in action and was a complete opposite to the reviews I've read in the past year.
Giving 3 stars.... . Very pricy. $45.99 for weekdays dinner. Feel a bit over price compared to other places that I tried. I called earlier to confirm they have lobster and king crab before I went there. And they said they had lobster and king crab. That was the reason I chose Bacchanal. However, there was neither lobster nor king crab. I was disappointed a bit. . . Having said that, food quality is excellent. Service is awesome.
After waiting in line for an hour, we were famished for the buffet. However, even in my hungry state, I found the buffet to be good but not amazing. There are many selections from Asian dim sum to seafood galore. It's a good choice for those who enjoy fresh seafood. I liked the freshly shucked oysters and heated crab legs. There are also lots of meats though I found them to be salty. There are mochi ice cream with 2 per person limit each time; there's only a small wait though. Overall, it's a fun experience, but I will stick with Wynn buffet next time.
Was contemplating writing a review for this buffet but decided to anyway. Yes, the food is good and fresh and offers a great variety of dishes. However, is it worth waiting 2 hr in line and paying over $100 bucks for 2 people. Absolutely not! The food sections were poorly organized and the line game is ridiculous. You wait about 1.5 h in the general line to finally get to the cashier. You think you're in right? No! You wait another 30-40 minutes or so just to finally get seated. Amazing. The seafood selection could have been better in my opinion. The crab legs lacked flavor and there was a lack of shrimp dishes. The desserts were not very good in my opinion but it may be just personal preference. The mini burger sliders were excellent I must say and veggies were great. Would I stop by again on a weekday while waiting 30 minutes, perhaps. But other than that, I would rather step into a nice restaurant on the strip with minimum wait time.
Is it a great buffet? Oh yes.. The best buffet in Vegas? Umm okay maybe.. The best buffet I've tried in my life? Uh, nope.. . I know most buffets serve significantly worse food than their a-la-carte items, but this is not one of those buffets. Each item can be rivaled with those served as a-la-carte in other restaurants in town. . . But still, they're just above average quality. Like their sushi is tasty but obviously not with the best quality fish. Desserts are not as delicate. Snow crabs are overrated. And overall there just isn't that many items to choose from.. . Dont get me wrong it's still a great buffet. I was just expecting a bit more after paying about $60 per person. I don't mind spending $100 per person at Michael Mina but spending $60 to stuff myself with a bunch of just above average food was not such a great idea. So first time in Vegas, dine here, no regrets. Second time? Nope.
This was a great buffet, no doubt at all.  However, for the cost-equivalent to some of the excellent steak houses on the strip, I would go that way next time.   We showed up at 430 and waited ended up getting seated about 6 on a Saturday.
This ain't no Golden Corral. This buffet is super fancy schmancy with over 500 menu items and not for the faint of heart.. . Have a well thought out game plan before you try to attack this gianormous buffet. I'm not even talking in terms of maximizing your dollar, but enjoying the smorgasbord of cuisines. I personally liked the cured meats & cheese, kobe beef sliders, prime rib, some kind of tuna sashimi salad, and all the dessert offerings.. . The Bacchanal receives my buffet stamp of approval and 3.5 stars based on its' high quality food and massive grandness.
Came straight here for lunch after driving for hours from Los Angeles, so my group arrived with an appetite.  We were in line at about 12:30 p.m. and the wait was 10 mins or so.  Not bad at all.  The food had its ups and downs.. . Good:. - The shrimp dumplings were good, along with the other dim sum options. - Korean short-ribs.  Yes.. - The nachos plate was good, but had to be picked up during release as they go fast. - Dessert was great.  I had tiramisu, flan, and creme brulee.. . Bad:. - Avoid the sushi, the rice is gross.  It tasted day-old.. - The sliders beef was borderline rare, which was a shame for people like me who prefer medium well. - The oysters were grainy.  I think they were being chucked with too little care.. . This is an above average buffet at most.  I'm going to try another buffet during my next Vegas visit.
Some unexpected choices that makesthis buffet stand out.. . Went to the buffet for a late lunch on the Buffet of Buffet pass.  We had to pay $20/person on top.. . Some unexpected and noteworthy items:. . --the extensive raw bar: lots of shrimps, mussels, oyster on the half-shell, oyster shooters and ceviche; fresh cucumber juice and tropical juices. --big Mexican food section with fresh juices: tamarind, mango and pineapple juices, horchata; good carnitas. --extensive Asian food section: good springrolls, reasonable barbecue pork, fresh sliced ginger. --extensive dessert section with lots of ice cream and sherbet choices: notables include toasted coconut, fig and balsamic, and baklava ice creams; blood orange sherbet and mango lime chili sherbet (all yummy!). --Kobe sliders. . The service was attentive--they re-filled our drinks and checked on us frequently.. . Some not so hot items:. . Asian foods: sushi (Costco caliber), fried wontons, tofu was probably not fresh. Carver station: prime rib and brisket (dry and tasteless). Seafood: Mussel Meunier were gritty; lobster corn something or other was too salty. Dessert: crepe station where someone cooked the crepes but did not fill them.. . Overall one of the better buffets.
EH....NEXTTTTTTTTTTT...is all I gotta say about this place.  I think it was a little overhyped for me.  I was expecting to be blown out of the waters with this buffet as everyone kept telling me how great it was.  But I wasn't really impressed with much.  I will say that I enjoyed their sushi bar, unlimited macarons, mushroom soup, pork tacos, sweet potato tots, fresh mango juice, and roasted duck.  Not sure if it's enough for me to justify paying $54 for.  Some big disappointments included the prime rib which was dry and very red, soup dumplings which were dry, the oysters which were very small, the crawfish which were somewhat dark and not fresh, and limited dessert bar.  I'm not sure if this was done on purpose, but they seated the four of us in a section right near the Asian foods, and as we looked around we noticed nothing but Asian customers in our section....just a funny observation I guess.  Overall, I think I would pick Wicked Spoon over this place even though I wasn't completely blown away by Wicked Spoon either.  The prime rib was a huge let down at Bacchanal compared to Wicked (which I feel has the best prime rib) and that to me makes a buffet worth the money...so I would probably pass on this buffet next time around and try the M buffet next.
I've heard rave reviews about Bacchanal but I'm not entirely sure what all the hype is.  Granted, I was in Vegas on a super busy weekend (Labor Day) so prices were hiked up (to $65) and the wait was extraordinarily long (2 hours!).  One thing that was a nice touch was that they had people passing out free bottled water and popcorn (cinnamon sugar and white chocolate) while we waited.  We had a large group of 9 people and they said if we wanted to sit together, we'd have to wait ANOTHER hour so we said screw it and parted ways to sit at two separate tables.. . The buffet ambiance itself its gorgeous and huge.  They have a decent enough variety like salad, cheeses, Asian, Mexican, seafood, and meats.  The waits weren't crazy long once we were inside and I made sure to get my share of meats and seafoods.  Notable favorites were: mac n cheese (SO creamy and cheesy that I wanted more but alas could not fill my stomach), cream of mushroom soup, oysters, ceviche.  I thought a lot of the meats were overly salty and couldn't eat too much, but they do offer a variety (from prime rib to brisket to ribs, oh my!).  They also have an entire dessert section in which I indulged on mochi ice cream (even Asian flavors like red bean and black sesame!), macarons, bread pudding, tiramisu, etc. Keep in mind that they do serve coffee or tea afterwards but espresso is an extra $5 (boo, since I'm already spending so much on food).. . Everyone gorged on food, but then after we all left really uncomfortable and sick.  I'm not sure if it was the food we were eating or the amount of food, but that doesn't seem too normal (especially for the boys).  I think most of us didn't eat another real meal for at least 24 hours.  Overall, the food was fine but not necessarily worth the wait and the price.
Buffets can be overhyped for Vegas, but I have to say that this was pretty good for a buffet.  Decor was definitely nice with wood paneling and modern feel.  Asian food options were actually pretty decent along with the shellfish and carving stations.  It's pricey, but it's Vegas and the food wasn't too bad.  I would recommend if you're wanting to go to a buffet.
I loved this place the first time I came, the food was great it was relaxing and even though it was crowded you didn't have lines for food more then a minute or so.. . I went this weekend and given it was a holiday but some of their practices just sucked!  I waited in line for 2 hours to see a sign at the registers saying "Due to the Holiday limit your dining time to 2 hours" okay 2 hours is alot but our plan was to sit relax enjoy dinner and talk.  That was really irritating.  If they want to push more people out of there so they can make more money then charge a discount for limiting our time!. . Then the "platinum / diamond" members line was just ridiculous.  I know these people spend lots of money but it wasn't like Disneyland where they let 1 go from the normal line and 3 from the fast line.  It was they ALL get to go 1st.  So we would see people walk up and be seated within 5 minutes whereas everyone else was waiting 2 hours or more.  And it wasn't a few people there were tons of platinum members.. . Overall if there is more than a 10 minute line I will not return to this place.
I was really disappointed in this buffet as I read some great reviews on this place! It was just a regular buffet. My friends and I ate there on a Thursday night which cost us each $49.99. I was expecting all kinds of  tasty foods but it was not all that tasty!! I was angry!! It has all the same types of food all the other buffets have. The only redeeming facto was a very nice girl named Stormy who worked in the ice cream section. She was very nice and suggested a couple of places to go while we were at Ceasars. I give a 5 for Stormy but a 3 for all the crappy food at the buffet!!! Boo on this place!!
MEH I was disappointed after hearing about how great this place was, we got here around noon and there was a very short line but right after we got in line the line VERY quickly got extremely long so I guess we got lucky. $41 per person for lunch on a sunday for us.. . a large variety of different types of food but each type had very basics, you get your Asian section with your typical stuff you would see at panda express and some special items like the pork bun and stuff, nothing amazing though.. . Mexican section was good, they have a taco guy that makes u warm tacos, some beans, some salsa, some rice, and they have a small ice chest with special Mexican drinks so that was pretty cool. . meat selection was pretty good, and the meat server guy was really nice, the prime rib was TOP NOTCH, definitely the best item at the buffet for sure, it was very soft and tender, melted in my mouth, done right! . . seafood section was mostly cold stuff, I didn't really get much from there at all. . then there were some chicken and waffles, eggs, breakfast items, pizza and omlettes . . dessert section looked nice, mostly cakes, pies, ice cream, crepes but nothing was amazing to me, my favorite was probably the oreo moose cake which was pretty good!. . glad I gave this place a shot after hearing all about it but I would probably try another buffet next time, don't get me wrong this is definitely one of the better buffets but just not as amazing as everyone makes it sound.
This buffet was supposed to change my mind about how I don't really care for buffets. I was really hoping it would. But, alas, it did not.. . Everything they had seemed like standard buffet fare. Quality was good, but it wasn't THAT much better than the other good buffets I've had in Vegas (Encore and Cosmo). I WAS impressed to see they had chinese bbq style roast duck. THAT was unique and different. So was their asian noodle bar (pho, udon, ramen). . . Of course I had my fill of their snow crab legs and oysters, both were good quality. I was just expecting Bacchanal to WOW me...damn you people who hyped it wayyyy too much for me. :P
We went here for lunch and the selection was ok, not worth the very expensive price it was. I spent $45 for 1 plate of food and some gelato. Food tasted average, crab legs were not that big. Overall, very unimpressed. . . But the decor was fabulous. Modern and simple interior designs, and the buffet was next to the beautiful pool. . . I would maybe come here again for dinner only because they would have the more special seafood I was looking for.
when this buffet first open, I can honestly say I loved it. the food was great and had a variety of dessert. however, after being open for over a year, I feel like the quality of the food has gone down. the seafood line was acceptable, nothing special. my. favorite part of this buffet was the souffle, other desserts did not stood out.
I'm getting started on my Vegas reviews with Bacchanal.  I chose Bacchanal as my birthday dinner because I have been DYING to eat here since it opened.  Unfortunately, it didn't really give me all I expected.  Don't get me wrong, it's a good buffet and they have a huge selection and most of what I ate was good, but I can get that at any buffet.. . First, for dinner Sunday  night, it was $50.  We were just getting started on the buffet of buffets (feeling like this was the best way to hit Harrah's Groups buffets) so it was actually a $25 upcharge to the BoB to have dinner at Bacchanal.  Fine.  The line was about 30 minutes to get rung up and then another 15-20 to wait for a table.  Fine.. . We get seated and head for the food parade and that's where I fell flat.  I started with the sushi as I've been wanting cold fresh items on this trip for some reason.  And it was nice that they did have more than just California rolls, including nice tuna ngiri which is what I love.  And, it was good, but I would have liked some soy sauce but there were no containers anywhere to put soy sauce and wasabi in!  In fact, throughout this visit, I found it incredibly hard to use any of the condiments because containers were few and far between.  I found myself using soup bowls for my horseradish, etc.  Crazy.. . They do have a lot of little baskets and containers of things, they just happened to be things that didn't jump out at me, but some were super interesting if you like buckets of mussels, etc. then this is pretty cool.  But, they do the same thing at the Cosmopolitan Wicked Spoon Buffet and I just liked that one better for this type of buffet.. . I think that in trying to have SO many dishes, the dishes they have fall flat.  Example is the carving station.  It is seriously LOADED with meats and sausages... pretty much anything you want is there.  I wanted Prime Rib.  For me, that is my buffet staple because they always have it and I rarely order it.  But the Prime Rib was so dry and tough, I was shocked.  That was not acceptable for a buffet of this caliber.. . I had the same problem at the dessert bar.  The creme brulee wasn't set and was runny.  It wasn't good.  I was excited about the made to order souffles that they have because that and the crepe station were exactly what I expected them to have, but they only had banana souffles which is the one flavor I do not like, so I had to pass.  But the freshly  made crepes were delish.  Honestly, my favorite part was the dessert and they have a huge selection of mochi!!!  LOVED that.. . So the money to food ratio made this not such a great value to me.  It was a disappointment and I don't expect to eat there again unless I had a complimentary opportunity to try again.  I would be happy at The M and their Studio B Buffet where the food is fantastic AND they have beer and wine included for like $30pp!. . If you are going, I noticed the line went WAY down about 15 minutes before closing.  Might save you some time.
My friends and I waited for about 40 minutes for Saturday Brunch. I am so thankful I had half a wrap from Earls or else I wouldn't have been a very happy camper. I am a little confused at why we had to wait so long, there were still plenty of tables available when we were finally seated.. . It was $50-ish (including tip) and included champagne/mimosas. I don't care for alcohol when I am at a buffet, so I only had a glass. It was pretty delicious and a good mix. Subsequent glasses that my friends got were more champagne than orange juice - score! . . As Lilly Q. mentioned, the popular foods (meats and seafood) have people lining up. I found myself avoiding those lines. I buddied up with a friend and shared nearly everything. My favorites were the corn, wagyu sliders, fried chicken, potatoes au gratin, tater tots, meatballs, flan and gelato. Everything else was okay. I kind of expected everything to be amazing, but of course the law of diminishing marginal utility kicks in and nothing really tastes that great after your second plate of food. I'm super sad that I was too full to have oysters, which were brought as I was unbuttoning my pants.... :P. . All in all, there are definitely some solid dishes. I'm not sure if this is $50 worth, but I enjoyed myself.
Writing this from the second time I came which is about a good little less than a year since it opened. First time I came with it was still barely new, I thought that this buffet was to beat from all the ones in Las Vegas. It used to be the Wynn Buffet for me until Bacchanal came about. Many great selection of food and dessert so what's not to love about it? Though this is all true from all hyped expensive buffets when it first opens. They expect you to draw you in with the many great selections and good food. Give it about a year later and the quality isn't as great as it once was. Since they know they're probably the buffet to beat, I don't think the service and quality of the food isn't on their mind anymore since they know people will come regardless. . . Besides the great selection of dessert which I don't really have much complaint about, it's their food that can be better. One example is their prime rib which used to be tender and juicy but it has been dry as of late. However, though quality has changed a bit from before, their huge selection and taste of some other food are just or even better than other buffets I've been to. You still have food you can't find anywhere else and their seafood selection is one of the best. I don't usually do the 24 hour AYCE pass whenever I go to Vegas because one buffet for a weekend stay is enough for me and I would probably choose this buffet or the Wynn Buffet everytime I go to Vegas until something better comes along. . . One thing that annoyed me was the server. From the time we sat which was about 30 mins in, there was no waitress/waiter to serve us. It ended up being the busboy helping us get our drinks and clearing our table. You can tell by the 2nd time we started asking for refills he was kind of annoyed because he knew that wasn't his duty. The server finally showed up 45 mins later but there was no point. All she did was come to clean out the dishes from our table. You'd expect better service when you're paying $50+ for a buffet.
I honestly think this buffet was a teeeeeeeeeeny bit over-hyped. Don't get me wrong, the food was pretty good -- but I wouldn't say that this was, hands down, the BEST BUFFET EVER.. . Luckily, our group of 7 had moseyed in right before the lunch pricing ended, so we only had to pay $32.99/person as opposed to $50.99/person for the dinner pricing. I would've been much more upset if I had paid over $50. For that price, I honestly don't think it's worth it, but I'd be willing to spend $35 again.. . The food just didn't seem very appealing to me! The arroz rojo at the Mexican station was a little bland to me. The ramen was the same. The salmon was pretty good, and so were the endless crab legs (though I only ate 2 before I got lazy of tearing the meat out with my hands). I enjoyed the brisket well enough as well as the sweet potato tater tots, but the gazpacho was gross. The lobster clam chowder was pretty good. The truffle potato gratin was TO DIE FOR and I think the best food item I had that day.. . I just felt like there wasn't as varied of a selection as I was informed there would be. Where was lobster, and the crab croquettes? Where was the lamb?? Maybe those options are only for dinner, but I felt like what was offered for lunch was pretty typical of any buffet, so I didn't feel like pricing -- or the hype -- was deserved.. . The saving grace of this buffet is its' dessert spread -- I think this is where Bacchanal really shines. The macarons and mochi were pretty good (though you're only allowed to get 2 mochi at a time, due to demand). The chocolate creme brulee is MUCH better than the regular one, and there was an oreo chocolate-y creamy concoction thing that I couldn't stop eating.. . Our server was very nice (though I honestly think we scared her by how fast our group stacked up plates and plates and PLAAATES of destroyed crab legs), and she brought us coffee, tea and water refills repeatedly and was even kind enough to inform us that espresso would be an additional price if we wanted it (some servers would've just brought it and tacked on the price without an explanation).. . I would be hesitant to come back. Maybe for dinner, but the price genuinely scares me away a bit. What I saw of the lunch spread wasn't too impressive, but maybe their dinner options are a lot better?
So after weeks of reviewing buffets before my long awaited trip to Las Vegas I decided to try this one out for the first time.  The buffet has a really good selection with all different types of food .  HOWEVER....the quality of food wasn't really any better than say, the Carnival Buffet at the Rio. The price tag was $109 just for my wife and I on a Monday.  Again, the food was good, but definitely not great.  I probably won't be coming back to this one for a while.
Large food selections but there weren't any dishes that wow'ed us but food was decent/good. The wait was also too long. Overall, tons of space n food was decent, but for the price of (50 dollars), n the long wait, the food doesn't make up for it.
Was not a big fan of the Bacchanal Buffet.  For my  GF and I, we ended up spending 71.32 for lunch.  A majority of the food here was average and so was service.  Our server was polite but was barely around to refill our beverages.. . They had a wide verity of deserts. But, besides the crepes and  macaroons nothing else really stood out.. . Tip: Go for a late lunch! (2:15-2:30)  That  way you can experience dinner at lunch prices.
Sorbet and mochi was amazing!
First time here but it really wasn't great...if M Buffet's crab leg quality was more consistently good, then I'd rather go to M buffet. Prob on par with Bellagio in the fact that choices are vast but quality is lacking....especially for the price!  $60 is not bad but I'd rather go to Sterling buffet for $85/person
If you decide to go to a buffet in Vegas -- or anywhere else for that matter -- accept that you will inevitably (a) feel like you're getting ripped off if you don't constantly have a new full plate of food in front of you every 10 minutes, (b) feel the buttons of your jeans flying off as you're stuffing your face to get your monies worth, and (c) feel like a fatass afterwards, and possibly for the rest of the week after your grub-a-thon while wondering to yourself, "Could I have eaten more?" . . Once you get past those three things and accept that buffet experiences are highly subjective upon one's own perception of value, you can't really go wrong with any high-end buffets. Unless of course, they are terribly bad at EVERYTHING..  . I've been here on two occasions. The first time was for dinner, in which I was blown away, not only by the buffet selection and display, but because I nearly did topple over from being so stuffed. The second time was for Sunday brunch and I have to admit, I wasn't all that impressed. In fact, I felt a bit ripped off having paid almost as much for brunch as I did for dinner but with a line-up that wasn't nearly as impressive. . . I had sworn off buffets after the disaster that was Scarpetta's brunch buffet (http://www.yelp.com/biz/scarpetta-beverly-hills#hrid:7vyQ6mSiz9IP0uS3Fu9dgg), and ended up losing my born-again buffet V-card to Bacchanal after more than six months. Thinking back, I think that had a lot to do with why I was so impressed on my first visit here, but sorely disappointed the second time around.. . My first visit for dinner, there were oysters aplenty (on the half shell and shooters), crab legs, three different kinds of ceviche in cute little shot glasses, and a large selection of sashimi/sushi options. Since I'm not a huge meat eater, I couldn't comment too much on the meat selection, but between bites of sashimi and the boy feeding me forkfuls of random meat carvings, I think there were meats aplenty, as well. Aside from the seafood and red meats, the other buffet stations didn't disappoint either as there were a dish or two at each station that I kept going back for. Last but not least, the dessert display during dinner is totally Instagram-worthy. AYCE mochi ice cream, macarons, two flavors of creme brulee, mini cakes and mousse galore -- it was a diabetic's worst nightmare. . . It was simply too bad that brunch was lacking in nearly all aspects of what was offered for dinner in terms of selection and quality -- no oysters, no ceviche, no sashimi, dry meats, no mochi ice cream, no macarons -- but having to pay almost as much only because of free flowing champagne. I know some of you raging alcoholics are trying to resist the urge to want to reach into your monitors and slap me silly for scoffing at the idea of AYCD champagne, but I seriously don't see the value in drowning my liver with $10/bottle sparkling wine because we all know "champagne showers" aren't really champagne showers unless it's with Cristal, Dom, or Moet -- I fancy. . . All kidding aside, Bacchanal is great, but more so for the food porn and the experience of a fancy Vegas buffet than for the food itself. The quality is above average, but that's because you're paying above average prices and shouldn't expect anything less. After about 4 or 5 plates of food, though, it all starts to taste the same anyways and you're probably only eating to satisfy your wallet at that point. If you only have time for one buffet and decide on Bacchanal, go for dinner and have your phone ready for Instagram photo ops. . . Don't forget the stretchy pants.
Over rated food not too bad, service is horrible.  Not a seafood lovers so not too many other choices.
I was debating whether if I should rate this place 3-stars or 4-stars, then I went with 4...  Here is the reason why.. . I first went here about 4 months ago with my boyfriend. We came here around 3 after an hour long walk from Encore Beach Club (Never again, don't do that). There were no lines. We were seated right away, weirdly, because everyone was telling me how packed this place was. After being seated, we went to start our food journey!. . I started from the right, which was the Asian food area. Their sushi is SO dry, I cannot eat their rolls or sushi. I gave up on the Asian section eventually. Next to it was the salads... then Italian.... they were both okay. Moving on to my next meal was the meat section. I decided to skip the Mexican section since I am not a fan, but it looked tasty. THE prime rib was good, at least my first time around. It was cooked medium rare, very soft, melted in my mouth. My third plate was the snow crabs! My favorite. You can ask them to get it steamed! It doesn't really take long. There were oysters... cocktail shrimps, etc. as well. WAS I BLOATED AND FULL by then. But I had to get desserts. You can't skip it. Honestly, I think their dessert section is better than everything else in the buffet. To gelatos to crepes, to cheesecake, it was so fancy and colorful.. . . I was eager to come back to this place..... so I did. Which was last weekend. I came around 1? Don't do that. The line was ridiculous. However, I was lucky enough to cut in front of everyone because my friend was like the player's card? (IDK) But EH. I was 100% sober this time and the food did NOT taste wonderful like last time I came around. Sushi again was dry. HOWEVER, the pho was really good. The soup was actually tasty, instead of just watered down. (Fitting to American taste) The prime rib was NOT tasty at all. It was overcooked, mashed potatoes were so watery. The snow crabs was just the only thing I just enjoyed. My belly was able to take in dessert again by the end, and I again thought dessert was overall the best section out of everything else.. . I do not plan to return to this place. I rather go to Wicked Spoon next time.. After writing this review, I changed my rating from 4 stars to 3 stars.
I went for here for lunch. Lets say for $33 a person I was not happy.. . I love the fact that they have at least a few hundred food options but it would be helpful if it tasted good.. . I had a plate from every section which consisted of seafood (for lunch no crab legs), american BBQ, mexican, american Italian, chinese, sushi and then the dessert.. . Mussel's, oysters and shrimp were average.. . keilbasa, ham, n the american BBQ section was not as good as my familyBBQ's, which was disappointing. The cute mini waygu beef burgers were ok. the cute tiny portions of onion rings was yummy. . Mexican area was nice they heat your mini tortillas and meat right in from of you. . . the american italian station with pizza and pizza rolls was average. Pizza was bland. Pizza rolls were dry.. . Sushi was just sushi. . the chinese was ok. the orange chicken was yummy. beef and broc had a funky taste. The fried rice was dry & lacking veggies . . The desserts was what I lived for. Yet again i was disappointed. The tiramisu was not good. Pecan tart was ok. The sorbets were good unless you tried a weird flavor like mango with chile and lime.. the cupcakes were divine. The flavor combinations were yummy, the whipped frosting could have come on a spoon and I would have been happy.The cupcakes themselves were also very moist.. . In the end if your thinking of going I would recommend dinner. Which will cost you about 45-50 a person but you will have that option of crab legs during dinner.. . I plan on giving them a second chance during a dinner service, but lunch wasn't worth it.
Absolutely the best Buffett I have ever been to! The food was all top notch and fresh! Absolutely worth the $45 per person price tag! The wait was a little long (we waited about a hour) but let me tell you it was totally worth it! I loved the fresh juices! I also loved how fresh everything was to the seafood to the pizzas and pasta dishes to everything in between! And yes all you yelpers the truffle potato dish was friggin awesome! I did however knock off a star because the crabs were very fishy and half of the items are not labeled! Is like to know what I'm eating, but that's not going to stop me from coming back! FYI you can pay $15 extra pp and skip the lines and be put in the express line which is a 15 min wait vs. 2 hour wait!
This buffet is really nice and really clean. I don't really understand the long line, for what I've tasted, it wasn't that special. . . The seating is really nice and classy, the food separated by type. There is adessert bar, a juice section, a sushi section, and a cold seafood section. (I'm only laying out the important parts for ya ;] ). There are tender, juicy cut meats, and hot and cold crab legs. . . Overall, what I tasted was very average, the M's buffet is so much better :/ I really thought the dessert bar was going to be so great--it wasn't. The gelato is!! Too bad it's not homemade lol. My waitress only refilled my water once. It was just a weird experience after waiting so long..
This place is over rated and overpriced ! Wait time is about 2 hours and you pay 51$ plus tax and if you can't wait too long you can add 15 more dollars and your wait time is about 15 min and i think that's shady business from management calling it express lane !!!. Food is tasty but nothing special , I like their choices of meat and the way it's cooked but anything else is average and you can find it in any other hotel buffet (Wynn , Rio seafood and Bellagio ) . Our waiter was nice and helpful .  . We also heard a lot about their dessert choices but i wasn't really impressed  just normal buffet dessert .
I'm not sure what all the hype is about here.  I was very disappointed. If all you want is crab legs and oysters this is your spot. Other than that, there's much to be desired. I highly doubt that there are 500 food items here. I pretty much stuck too the Chinese duck and chicken wings. For a strip buffet I will stick to wicked spoon at cosmopolitan.
I was lured here by great reviews and lots of pictures and a girlfriend who was in the mood for buffet. It was what I expected and it was exactly what a buffet is to me. A huge selection of average food. I was hoping for more as the idea of a buffet has always grabbed my imagination but never delivered. . . I think for the price it was high considering I could eat most places for the price I paid of $50 a head and had less selection but superious quality. So overall it was a buffet.
Everything here is good, but not great or memorable. There's not a single dish that I think is spectacular. If its not $55 per person, I might consider 4 stars, but because this place is expensive, my expectation is higher. . First of all, there is a large variety of food. There are 500 items, but I'd rather have 250 really good food than 500 items that are ok.. Secondly, the tables are arranged very close to each other, which reminds me of eating at a food court. . Finally, the biggest turn off is the photographers at the restaurant. I had my pictures taken at the line and the restaurant wanted to sell 2 pics to me for $35. You got to be kidding me. I would respect it more if the restaurant just give it to us as a keepsake (like what the House of Prime Rib (SF) does).. Overall, it's a one time visit and will likely not go back.
Came here for lunch and magically, there was no line!. . At lunch the pricing was around $36/person which is pretty standard for buffetts in Vegas. More recently, I've been to a brunch buffet at Navio (out in Half Moon Bay, CA) which to me was the gold standard of buffets. Bacchanal offers a plethora of food stations (9 total) with Italian, Chinese, salad, cheeses, meats, dessert, american, Latin american, and of course a seafood area. . . Having tried nearly all the stations here was my verdict:. . American: Decent cuts of meat, great sweet potato fries, onion rings, and sliders.. . Italian: Pasta I opted not to try, though the pizza options were plentiful, the pizza itself wasn't as great as I'd hoped.. . Chinese section: Disgusting hot & sour soup. I didn't really enjoy this section.. . Meat & cheese: Great selection of cheeses if you enjoy cheese. . . Seafood: No lobster claws at lunch. The mussels however, were delicious as was the ceviche and oysters. My favorite section, hands down.. . Mexican: The taco stand is serviceable with your pollo, carne, and pork selections. The horchata here is DELICIOUS and I highly recommend getting it. . . Dessert: Great dessert section as with all buffets, however I think Wicked Spoon's dessert section is better. . . Service: Great service with attentive staff. . . Overall: Meh. I've had better and this doesn't really compare to Navio. In comparison to Wicked Spoon, they are about the same, it really depends on what you want. I feel Bacchanal has more variety but not the same quality. I prefer Wicked Spoon.
I wish the buffet was better for the amount of money I paid for it.. Sadly it was not.  So disappointed since I expected seafood for that price and . I got none.
I really don't understand the hype.  Maybe I came here on a bad day?  . . The dinner buffet was rather blah, I had the crab legs (hot and cold) and thought it was decent.  I tried some of the other items ... sliders, hot dog, risotto ... can't even remember them since it was so blah.  Mac n cheese was good but since when can you ever screw that up?. . I will give them an extra star for the desserts, love the ice cream.. . Overall, not a fan of the whole set up and how it's broken up into "sections".  Keep it simple Caesars!
Be prepared to wait in a super long, tourist packed line.. Unless you want to jump in the express line and fork out an extra $15! We went around dinner time and waited a little over an hour in line. Not too bad when you're with good company but my stomach was growling like a beast by the time we got seated. The buffet was hidden so if you do not know where it is, be sure to ask someone. They don't even have marquees with directions anywhere! Bacchanal is also on the pricey side but you are definitely getting your money's worth. Most buffets in town don't have fresh oysters which is why I love this one! There were pretty lengthy lines once we got inside as well. I think I waited about 10 minutes to get to the carved meats. Not a big deal because I already knew the wait was going to be long.  The service is what bugged me the most. I understand that they're busy but that does not mean they get a free pass for service. Our server was not very attentive at all.  He never once came to ask us for refills on our drinks or to see how we were doing.  We had to constantly call him over to get drinks, which he did not even get right on 2 separate occasions.  Also, every time he brought us new drinks, he just left the old glasses there.  By the end of our meal, we had a table full of 14 cups, yes I counted. For such a small table, that does not leave very much room for our plates. It was super annoying.  We also witnessed him yelling at the busser for some unknown reason a few times.  It was very unprofessional and made us uncomfortable.  I think we were just unlucky with our server.  Other than the service, I think Bacchanal is pretty decent.  I probably wont be coming back though just because the wait is so long.
Bacchanal Buffet is located at Ceasars Palace.. . I'm a victim of expecting a grand feast from this mega buffet, only to have my expectations shattered like a huge mirror hitting a concrete floor. Fellow Yelpers raved about it. Family and friends that had gone, had also raved about it. So naturally I bookmarked it and anxiously awaited my time to feast like a king at the "buffet of all buffets.". . Upon arriving at the entrance to the buffet it was already clear that we came during the dinner rush. The line was insanely long.  Fast forward 1.5 hours later and we were finally seated inside....oh yes, it took us 1.5 hours of waiting & $50+ per person to get in. . . The place is freaking huge. Food on food on food & tables on tables on tables. The decor was pretty and oozed of opulence for a buffet. We were seated relatively close to the dessert station. The entire meal was a blur, there was a lot to choose from (meats, pastas, ethnic foods, desserts, sides, salads, soups, etc) and yet nothing specific comes to mind about what was the best at that buffet. However, I did enjoy the crab legs and the choice of either cold crab legs or boiled crab legs; which were boiled fresh upon each order. . . The only thing I didn't like about Bacchanal was the buffet set up. The majority of the food stations and the dessert station were located in the same room; but the crab legs and the majority of the Asian dishes and pasta dishes were located in a separate room. I suppose this is my buffet pet peeve and the worst offender is the buffet at Mandalay Bay, where the majority of each food station is sectioned off in its own space@!&$# LOL I digress. . . I'm pretty sure the long wait left a bad taste in my mouth making my expectation of the Bacchanal that much more important. Would I come back to Bacchanal? Yes, to give it another shot, BUT will need to time my next visit so it doesn't coincide during the rush -_-
Waited for 30 mins before discovering that you can pay extra $15 and get in express line.  When I told person at the counter she did not even offer to expedite our entry.  We kept having to wait behind the VIP's.  Really amazing that after waiting in initial line we had to wait an ADDITIONAL 30 mins before we were seated.  I was really surprised that no one made mention of this until the other day stating it took 90mins to get seated.  Really irksome was that we called ahead and were told it would be around an hour wait, but when we talked to the manager he said it was really taking more like 2.5 hours.  . . **What you really need to know is that a server told me that on Thanksgiving the wait is 4-6hours, and the price is $75.  What?!?  Who is waiting that long?**
Damn! Hate to do this to one of my favorite buffet joint. . . Line was super long, not that it bothered us. It's Las Vegas and we don't mind the wait but wow that special feeling is gone. Bacchanal now feels like your everyday buffet joint and for the price they're charging us, it's becoming an over-rated buffet joint. Aside from their seafood, most of the other menu items are so-so. Their snow crabs were soo dry and it's unfortunate as I'm a seafood lover. . . Will I go back next time I'm in sin city? Probably, but I may hit up Rio first or visit the old M-resort for a quick change.
For the money ($40+/ person), no oyster and terrible tasting mimosa? Not worth it.. . Last time, $20+ with oyster and without mimosa? Totally worth it.. . Pretty decent prime rib but if you like the thicker cut, you have to ask for it. Otherwise, you may end up with an English cut sliver!
I went here this morning (early bird special of $42 before 11am) because last night for Thanksgiving, there was a 5-6 hour wait!!. . Maybe dinner is better but I thought it was just good... not exceptional.. . There wasn't as much variety as I hoped. The fried chicken was dry, the lox was extremely salty, and the food wasn't hot.. . The dessert is much better than the food. I loved my vanilla bean pudding and my fresh crepe where you put your own toppings on!
i went to bacchanal for the 2nd time this past weekend for the thanksgiving holiday dinner buffet. it was a much different experience than my previous one. the first experience was worth 4 stars (note i had the brunch buffet then). the food was good, service was good, items were fresh, good selection. but nothing i had was exceptional. the only thing i would note is that they had a good selection fo juices in cute little bottles (something other buffets in vegas do not do).. . however, this past weekend was really disappointing. the experience shed a lot of light on the fact that money buys everything! i don't like the idea that they have an express line where you pay 20$ on top of your meal cost. makes the wait even more horrific. when i got to the buffet around 3:30pm i was quoted a 1.5 hr wait. okay, i was expecting that. but really the wait turned into 2.5 hrs because around 4:30pm they started getting more people in the express line and letting all of those people in first. i didn't enjoy having to double my wait time just because they want to make a quick buck. i was already paying 65$ (not including tip) for the buffet as it is. no other buffet in vegas does this (not that im aware of). HORRIFC! i can't imagine what the wait would have been had i came any later than 3:30pm! . . lets talk about the food: nothing was exceptional! everything was decent, nothing special because you can get the same quality and presentation at wicked spoon. actually, i think wicked spoon has better presentation.. . meat: the selection of meat was good, but it was at the expense of quality. the ribs were dry with some weird flavored bbq sauce. prime rib was decent. the lamb chop was probably my favorite of the meats they offered. . . seafood: i was not impressed by their oysters. each one i bit into still had dirt/oyster shells cracklings on their meat. i bit into so many bits of oyster shells. king crab legs were good, but again, nothing exceptional since you can get those at any of the other high end buffets in vegas.. . deserts: only cool thing about their dessert is that they had a good selection of mochi ice cream. but seriously, WTF is up with their carrot cake though? superrr dry!. . no thanks bacchanal, i won't be coming back.
Three stars is mostly because there was nothing "wrong" with the buffet, per se.  I don't have a lot of experience at Vegas buffets, but I was told the price had been bumped up the weekend we were there ($61 per person, ouch).  I have been to the buffet at the Rio hotel, which felt larger and I thought had better quality food.. . I did enjoy the food here, though the selection did seem more limited.  There was a decent variety of types of food, but in each individual type there didn't seem to be an expansive number of options.  Also the food was really hit or meh, no big misses come to mind but a lot of stuff that didn't seem up to snuff for the price we paid.. . By the way, do you like seafood?  You do?  Good, because after waiting 90 minutes to get inside and seated, there was another 20 minute wait to get through the seafood station.  I understand people like their All-You-Can-Eat crab legs, but that borders on ridiculous.. . This is one of my shorter reviews because I really have little to say about it.  It was decent, but I won't be coming back.
3.5 stars. . We waited about an hour for lunch! I hate waiting for food.. . The food was okay, the layout was a little weird and the giant mirrors made the place seems huge but it was also misguiding.. . I tried the prime rib, clam chowder, tator tots, fried chicken, pasta, risotto, and a bunch of other stuff. My favorite was the fried chicken, it had a flakey, buttery skin and fried perfectly. . . The dessert was okay, I had higher expectations since it looked so beautiful.
I guess I'm not the target audience for this place. I'm not into buffets at all, it just doesn't intrigue me. Came here for dinner in September for the one year anniversary celebration. At $40+ each person, I was expecting a little more than what I experienced. Thankfully, we also were abe to go straight in and skipped the line as well, which would be another $20 if we actually had to pay for this.. . I started at one end of the buffet and sampled a little bit of each. Out of all the stations, Italian, Mexican, Asian, carving station and dessert area, the only place I enjoyed was the charcuterie. I found myself going back for more cheese and honey, than anything else. .  . Guess if buffets are your thing, this could peak your interest.
I still think I prefer the Studio B buffet over at the M hotel, just cuz it's quite the hefty price to pay around $40-50 each time I've been here. The first time I went was during the weekend during brunch. The food was quite impressive then. The second time, however, not so much. Though that last time, I came on a Thursday night. Seems to me they're not entirely consistent. The wait for this buffet is pretty ridiculous!
This is a really good buffet, with all of the different varieties, flavors, cuisines, and beautiful presentations. However, it is not a delectable sreak and lobster dinner. Buffets should be attractive to the value oriented diner. One could eat very well at a fine dinning restaurant for the price of this buffet. I was very dissapointed, not because of the food, but because of the price. This buffet does not equal fine dining and should not attempt to fool value oriented diners. Let's face it, buffets should be really good food at a fair price and not attempt to present itself as fine dining.
I really wanted to like this buffet.  In comparison to the wicked spoon or the buffet at Wynn it just didn't measure up.  They had a lot of options, but I think they fell short on quality, at least for lunch.  The dessert options were also limited and with such great reviews from other yelpers I expected this to be the new go to buffet in Las Vegas.  Hopefully the quality has improved since I've last dined here and maybe I'll give it a second try.
Not bad but defiantly not worth of waiting 3freaking hours in line! Spend $230 for 4 people, NOT worth it!
The buffet was strictly OK. Especially for a vegetarian like myself I would give it only 2 stars.. . Pros:. - Excellent meat and sea-food selection (from my non-veg friend's perspective). - Not excessively crowded. - Great desserts. . Cons. - Very few vegetarian options. - Dishes were not well marked with ingredients. Infact some of the dishes didn't have a name at all. - Veg food didn't even taste that good. . I have been to the buffet at Bellagio and I think it is much better than this one. Had more food options also.. They advertise to have 500 items for lunch buffets but I am sure they were much less.
3.5 stars to be honest. . I was here on 12/21/13 for dinner $54 pp. . First off.. No buffet should be worth 2 hours wait. Everything was fine, the line went pretty fast at first until all of a sudden it just stopped. This wait has nothing to do with the stars.. my stars are solely based on the food & services.. . I like the varieties that they have here from seafood to meat to desserts. Lets start with the seafood:. . while they have a lot of choices, I was surprised they offered snow crab legs only. I thought they would give out Alaskan King Crab legs. The snow crab legs aren't the best. The crab meat had this grainy texture, wasn't sweet, nor was it meaty. The shrimps were big, but had a weird taste; not saying it wasn't fresh but it just had this after taste that I cannot describe. The steamed clams and mussels were bland, the presentation was cute (in a pail) but the taste was just lacking - add some garlic an wine please! The clams were small too, that I didn't mind, i can always get more, but that pail was just filled with shells and they could really have executed better with the flavors. . . Moving onto the meat, the fried chicken was dry. The truffle scalloped potatoes were tasty but is it only because of the truffle flavor that made it "tasty"? The risotto was just meh. Prime ribs and flank steak were just okay - a bit tough. . . i like their salami and prosciutto selections - all were tasty. . the tacos section was pretty good for a buffet; i could have eaten more tacos but why would i fill up my stomach on tacos when i can eat other stuff and get real true authentic tacos in San Diego?. . The noodle station was a nice addition, i thought their ramen and pho was pretty good - the flavors were definitely there, they could make the broth stronger but nonetheless it was acceptable.. . I enjoyed their salad selection and their chinese dim sum station was surprisingly not bad for a buffet style. The japanese section was pretty sad. Those nigiri were thin cut -- not many choices, but the good thing about the nigiri was that they give less rice. . . i also like that Bacchanal have a variety of soups: from chowders to tom yum but their bowls are just SO big! i only wanted to try the soup, i don't need such big noodle bowls. I think Bacchanal need to invest in some smaller bowls; AND stock up on more little sauce plates, please! . . Their dessert bar was amazing though. Chocolate dipped strawberries, gelatos, mochi ice creams, french macarons, crepe station, and the list goes on. The dessert was just WOW. So many choices for one small stomach. I really like their dessert selection. . . $54 pp was just a bit over price for the food they were serving especially when the quality was not good at all. (yes i went during the holiday weekend; but still... $54 i better see some good fresh seafood) . . As much of a disappointment, I still enjoyed my meal. I am only telling you the truth of what I tasted and saw. I'll come back but if I had to pay $50+ for dinner again, i better expect better quality in food and more plates / bowls / sauce plates out and ready for guests -- cannot have slow turnaround!
We went to Bacchanal on Thursday at 2pm hoping for a short line during the 'transition' hours. When we got there, they were not allowing people to queue up for lunch. There was a new system with kiosks set up where you are given tickets for the next available time to come back ( similar to a Disney Fastpass). We were given a 7:15 pm  time which was in conflict with show tickets we had.  TIP: if you want to have your time moved, do what we did and speak with the  person at the small podium manning the start of the line and was able to get the time moved.  Don't listen to the other staff out front answering questions as told us to just keep coming back to try the kiosk. That would have been a big waste of time! . . On to the food -- I had high expectations based on the past yelp reviews and pictures and I was a bit disappointed. . The Good - crab legs, side dishes like the tater tots, truffle potato, lamb chops, gelato. The Bad -  tasteless chewy sashimi, no macarons (boooooo), . Most of the other stuff were so so.. . Presentation seemed to have been value engineered. More than half of the food selections are no longer served on the cute tiny individual plates like the older review pictures show. . . Overall, the food was just ok, but not worth the $$$ or the extra planning effort.
Tried this place, for the first time this week, during lunch time just to find out what the hype was all about... . Some positives:. - Overall atmosphere & ambience was great.. - Food presentation was quite good, probably @ the same level if not better than Wicked Spoon. - Service was good. - Desserts section was decent. - Food variety was good. . One big disappointment is the lack of sushi/nigiri/sashimi selections (I recall there were probably only 5-7 different types)......In comparison, I would say Vegas Buffet (in the L.A. area) is probably much better... . Other comment : Long queue for the raw seafood & meat sections. . For the (lunch) price, I think one could get better deals elsewhere in Las Vegas, esp. if one craves for seafood
Expensive buffet in Vegas.  Most of the food is just so so. The dessert selection and quality is very good and we enjoyed that part of the meal.  I enjoyed the crab legs and had those to eat for dinner.  It was nice to be able to get them warm or cold.  My husband is not so much of a seafood fan and he found it difficult to find food he thought was more than just okay.  Some of the plating is unique and fun, but we have now done it once and will leave it with that.  Rather spend my time and money elsewhere trying something new.
