I tried out the Spice Buffet as it was reccommended by the staff at the hotel I was staying at.  This was my first time in Vegas and I have always heard about how awesome the buffets are.  The Spice Market was ok, it was sectioned off by cuisine type which made it easy to navigate.  The food was just decent.  Nothing I had was standout , the beef medallions were by far the best and the sushi looked disgusting.  I honestly probably would skip the buffet next time and eat at one of the local joints for much cheaper.
This place was surprisingly pretty good!  I used my 24 hour pass and came here the second day around lunch time.  We didn't wait very long (15 minutes) on a Sunday around 12:30 in the afternoon.  Our server was GREAT!  . . The food was pretty tasty.  I especially love their pizza and buffalo fried shrimp.  The bread pudding was superb according to buffet standards.  * drool *  I know it sounds weird to hit up a buffet for their pizza but it was seriously yum.  They arrange everything according to what region the food came from.  I would skip their Mexican section.  It wasn't very good which made me sad because I built the most killer nacho plate.. . The reason why I didn't give them 4 stars?  The location is rather awkward.
My boyfriend enjoyed this place and wanted me to try it out myself. First, I noticed how each food station was nicely organized from different ethnic food. We were seated right next to the seafood section which was a plus for us since we love seafood. The service was not so great as far as I can remember. The server just seated us and served our drinks, then she was nowhere to be found after that. The food choices in my opinion was just okay, but service could have been better for my experience. What makes this place different from other buffets is the cotton candy, which my boyfriend made a grab for it. Wouldn't mind coming back, but I got other places to try out before coming back to this place!
It wasn't bad.  I can't call it particualrly memorable either, but it wasn't bad.
Meh...of the buffets that I tried through Buffet of Buffets Pass, I was least impressed with the Spice Market Buffet.  Although they have a pretty big selection of food, many of the dishes looked unappetizing (the Chinese food looked like it was sitting out for forever and the rice of the sushi looked hard and sticky).  Even the dishes that looked good weren't that great.  My favorites were probably the stuffed tomato thing from the Mediterranean station and the cocktail shrimp which were very fresh and I loved that they were peeled already.  Their desserts were decent though...the flan, fruit tart, chocolate mousse thing and baklava were all pretty good.  Plus, they even have cotton candy which is fun!. . Even their service was meh...we saw our server once when she took our drink order and didn't see her again until we were leaving.  Blah!
My group and I visited the buffet in December 2008 for dinner. We were in line for a good hour before being taken down to the buffet via an escalator to wait another half hour. I thought the food must be outstanding to wait this long. The average price per person paid was $30, which I thought was reasonable for a Vegas buffet dinner. . . Food galore! There were may food stations for different types of cuisines from all over the world--Asian (I loved the dim sum items!), Mexican, American, Indian...the selection was pretty sweet. The dessert station was pretty crowded most of the time because the made-to-order-crepes were a hit. I wasn't able to get a crepe for myself, but there were many other desserts lying around that I got to sample, like cheesecakes, chocolate cakes, brownies, etc. They were pretty good, nothing spectacular--just your garden-variety dessert you can get anywhere in a decent restaurant. The prime rib was juicy and big, but nothing fantastic. The salad bar was pretty decent as well, and the king crab legs were really good, too. . . Service was friendly, and our drinks were refilled on a timely matter. The ambiance of the dining rooms felt casual and homely, and the tables were spaced out well so as to avoid elbowing other people from another table. I felt comfortable. . . Overall, the buffet was pleasantly decent for the money. I stuffed myself silly. I had five full plates of food! The food wasn't something you'd get from a place with a Michelin award. It's yummy food to fill your empty stomachs with. I'm pretty sure anyone will walk out of the buffet feeling satisfied with good food for a good value.
maybe i'm a little unreasonable since I was out until the wee hours of the morning and came here for brunch, so my appetite and palette could have been off.. . It was pretty meh for me. I did a walkthru first to see what they have to offer before i fill my plate up with food. They got a good variety of food which is nice. To buffet standards everything was okay except the sushi. That was whack. Rice was terrible and the spicy tuna was no bueno. It is a skip for sure. Save your stomach space for something else. . . Since it was brunch there was also some breakfast food available. Didn't really take advantage of it but the bacon I had was good. Nothing wowed me. The prime rib was pretty good. Totally didn't get my money's worth in this last trip. I had one plate and a little bit of another. Just wasn't feeling it.
Back when the casino used to be the Aladdin, this was my favorite buffet in Vegas. My friends and I used to joke that the banners proclaiming it to be the #1 voted best buffet in Vegas could never live up to the hype. But we gave it a shot and it was awesome! Honestly, it was better than Bellagio's (meh), even Wynn's Seafood buffet (overhyped) at the time. The selection used to be pretty much all winners regardless of which section you chose.. . I don't know what happened, but the last few times I've visited the Spice Market seeking the same satisfaction as my first visit, I've been let down. The quality has just fallen from where it used to be.. . We went for the brunch: The eggs benedict was probably the best thing I had this time and it was very good, prime rib was alright (not juicy enough), and the fake Asian general chicken was not bad too. However, most of the other stuff was pretty average. Next time, I'll probably go somewhere else.. . 3.5 stars, but really some of that is the nostalgia factor.. Dear Planet Hollywood Casino: You did a facelift to transform Aladdin into PH, might as well do the same with the Spice Market Buffet. The current iteration is only a shell of its former self.
the prime rib was good. decent buffet but nothing wow.
This buffet was pretty standard, but has a good variety of foods.  They have Mediterranean, American, Mexican, Italian and Asian.  They only have a little bit of each though.. . We got there at 6 pm on a Saturday in the middle of March.  There was no line, and we waited 5 minutes for a table after them scanning our Buffet of Buffets pass.  Note that at 7 pm, we saw the line filled with people all the way back to the escalator.  So if you're gonna eat here, get there early.. . The food wasn't spectacular.  It was just average, though fairly fresh.  My favorite was probably just the desserts.  They had chocolate covered strawberries and cotton candy.  The kids were all over the cotton candy.  It's the only buffet I've seen so far with cotton candy.  The chocolate covered strawberries were huge, but covered in chocolate that normally covers dipped ice cream cones.  It wasn't dipped in pure quality chocolate like I hoped, but was good nonetheless.  I say get those as soon as you see them, since they go quickly.. . Honestly, nothing else stood out to me, which was kinda sad. They did have warm crab legs, though it seems like all they did was heat up the cold ones rather than pull them out fresh and steamed.
Diverse selection of food, similar to Rio ( though not quite as vast as Rio), but more conveniently located on The Strip.  The crab legs are nice here because they are pre-split so you don't have to crack them open yourself, saving you valuable minutes of gluttony time.  The food here is separated by regions, such as Italian, Mexican, Middle Eastern, etc.  Being at least a platinum Total Rewards member really helps here because the line for the more plebeian customer gets very long in a short amount of time.  In general, the quality is decent; they are going for more variety while sacrificing some quality vs. a small amount of foods that taste absolutely spectacular (as is the case with most buffets).
Last buffet in the Buffet of Buffets tour.  This is the only one with Indian food and I love Indian food so I was excited.  But I ended up being disappointed.  The chicken curry wasn't as good as I remember when this property was the Aladdin.  (Yes, it's been that long for me.)  The lamb-stuffed tomato offered was also laughable.  It's was just some ground lamb stuck on top of half a tomato.  No one bothered to actually hollow out the tomato and stuff it with anything.. . The Mexican station was pretty good.  They had good guacamole.  This buffet also offers real glass ramekins, which are a nice touch.  The rest of the buffets just had disposable plastic cups.. . The thin crust pizza was pretty good.  And the condiments were in appropriate locations, which I appreciate.  No hunting around for butter or soy sauce.. . But a lot of things were mislabeled - another one of my buffet pet peeves.  Tomato sauce was labeled as curry sauce.  I poured some on my curry chicken, thinking I could get some extra curry sauce.  But no, it was tomato sauce.  Yuck.  I had to start all over to try the curry chicken.. . One nice feature in this buffet is the huge restroom.  It's actually clean and quite nice.  Lots of stalls.. . Pretty good buffet, but the Indian food offerings have taken a turn for the worst.
My friend loves this place.  But he was also saying it as he was ridiculously drunk.  They have a good variety of food here from different ethnic groups.  The prime rib cut was really good, nice and bloody, and they had a stuffed crab sole which I liked a lot.  The crab legs are a bit small and the seafood side lacks a little bit.  They have an Italian section but they don't offer custom made pastas.... . Besides the couple of dishes I like, overall I would have to say this place is pretty average for a vegas buffet.  The one at Bellagio is probably still my favorite.
Good price for Vegas buffet, but the real test are the crab legs.. . I've been here several times, for dinner and lunch.  The overall selection is not bad.  I'm a big fan of naan (not sure if that's the right spelling, but the middle eastern flat bread), and they've got this egg-shaped kiln where they bake it fresh.  Good stuff.. . Now the crab legs, which can really be hit or miss.  I've been here several times, and the consistency isn't there.  Sometimes the crab legs are dry, sometimes overly salty, sometimes awesome.  Can't quite figure it out, but I would think they would be more consistent with the crab legs.. . The staff is pretty nice and responsive.. . The Sunday all-you-can-drink mimosa that comes with brunch is pretty cool.  What else would you wash down prime rib and fried chicken for brunch with?
A buffet is a buiffet. You get excited because youre so hungry and are dreaming of the glorious abundance of decadence and over eating that awaits you. . . Whenever i do any buffet i do just like my Mom taught me, which is no matter how much i want to over indulge on those damn chicken wings or the fried rice, i have to stop and think about which buffet items are the most costly to produce and have waiting here for me so that i truly get my moneys worth. Yes i know its very pretencious but smart!. . Crab legs - seemed fresh, chilled perfectly. Ive been noticing a lot of other buffets arent watching how they chill the crab legs because ive gotten frozen meat a lot after im breaking these shells which isnt cool. This place know the important of having the butter sauce, which makes it even better. . . Prime Rib - a staple among all buffets (sorry hometown) so you really just go off the quality. When i stepped up to the plate to select my cut and size i noticed a lonely and what appeared to be end cut of prime rib just waiting on the side of the cutting board so i then asked the butcher if he was saving that piece for someone. He said whoever asks, its theirs and also complimented me on my choice of cut since the end cut is bay far the best but not a lot of people know about it.....thanks House of Prime Rib for the knowledge. . The dessert selection was okay also, the bread pudding was delicious and for all you who love cotton candy, yes they have a machine here however unfortunately its not self serve.. . My main recommendation is that if doing any buffet in Vegas, you owe it to yourself really to do the 24 hour buffet pass which lets you do  series of buffets unlimited for 24 hours, the kicker being that the price isnt too far off from admission to a single eating buffet ticket
Overall: 3.5. Food: 3.5. Service: 3. . Stopped by here for brunch since we were staying at the Planet Hollywood Towers.  Food was better than the Bellagio buffet.  Fairly standard vegas buffet, nothing really stood out to me.. . Line can get pretty long around lunch time, so arrive early or be prepared to wait.
Even though now the ownership is "Planet Hollywood", the set up and the food are almost identical to what Aladdin had when Aladdin still is managing this restaurant.  The price is okay which is around 30 for dinner.  Lunch Ithink is around 20, but I can be wrong.  To me, this place is no different than any other buffet place in Vegas, nothing really worth mentioned but it is not bad.
Decent breakfast buffet, everything was different and tasty. I especially loved "the Egg guy". Eggs cooked to the way I want them, instead of funny scrambled eggs that are served at almost every other Breakfast Buffet.
Went here for lunch .. was excited at first because of all the selections.. the food was not great at all. The best thing I ate there was probably the watermelon and the crepes. The mexican rice was so dry ! The steak had tons of fat in it. The breadstick was dry and flavorless. I prefer cravings at Mirage? or Treasure Island I forget which one it is. We just ate here because we stayed at PH. Dont think I'll be coming back.
I was too impressed with this buffet. Came here the other night with my girls and the buffet platters seemed unkept and the food was often overcooked. . . The only thing I really liked from here was the turkey, which was fresh and cooked perfectly. Otherwise, I wouldn't come back....
I've eaten at this buffet when it was still the Aladdin and I remember it was awesome back then.  When it changed to Planet Hollywood, I ate here for a family reunion dinner and it was decent, it was better back then.  So, we tried it out once more during our most recent adventure to Vegas.. . First off, $27.99 per adult for dinner, on a Monday?  That's Redonkulous with a capital "R."  Thankfully, I'm not complaining much because I got a BOGO coupon so technically, for the s/o and I, it was only $14 each.. . The buffet offerings were just okay.  Sure, they had crab salad and shrimp cocktail served in martini glasses but don't be fooled by it, it's not better quality, it's called perception.  They also had the usual Asian, Italian, American, Mediterranean and Seafood fare.  BTW, is it just me or do my fellow Asians act like savages when it comes to Crab Legs?  It's not like it's going to run out people, there's more where it came from, geez!  The salad bar, which was separated in opposite ends of the buffet had to be the sorriest salad bar I've ever experienced, even my hometown pizza parlor offers more salad toppings than this buffet!  But in the end, how can you be mad when they serve up fresh Cotton Candy?  Thankfully they put it high enough so the kiddies don't snatch it all up or get their cooties all over them. :). . Overall, if I had paid full price, The Spice Market Buffet would've gotten 2-stars, no doubt.  But since I didn't, in my opinion, it was worth 3-stars.. . PS - Want a BOGO coupon too?  Just check in to Planet Hollywood on FourSquare, show your phone to the Rewards desk located near the bar and they'll give you your coupon.  Not sure how long this promo will last though.
buffets are buffets .. and lines are lines ... wheeeew hooow .. this was a line.  Get in line before you think you gonna be hungry
Came here twice, and the food was just okay. I've had better in Vegas, this would not be the buffet choice of place for me in Vegas.
Sunday brunch is the perfect way to cure the common hangover.  I'm the type of person that get's cranky HUNGRY after a night of partying and drinking. So this place makes me happy =) The buffet is located downstairs of planet Hollywood, usually when I go there isn't a huge like the other buffets in Vegas... the longest I had to wait was 30 minutes? There are so many different stations to choose from... Seafood, Italian, Japanese, Asian, Mediterranean, American, Mexican, and of course breakfast. Some of my favorites are the, Mediterranean meats, hummus, seafood pasta, fajitas, tomato soup, and sushi. Definiately a good choice if you don't want to wait too long in a buffet line.
The best feature of this buffet was the prime rib which was excellent the night that I tried it. The mid-east and mexican food stations were also pretty good. Otherwise it was somewhat below average, especially the dessert section, which didn't have anything that was particularly appealing.
I've tried multiple buffets in Vegas and this one falls somewhere in the middle.  I went for lunch, so it was my first trip with no crab legs.  We checked in on foursquare, so we received a two for 1 voucher which was nice.  The buffet costs about $45.00.    It came with Unlimited Mimomas on the Sunday but it was really Orange Juice in a champagne glass.  Let's show them how to really make those mimosas!. . The buffet is set up to have different cuisines: Seafood, Salad, American, Mexican, Asian, Mid-Eastern, and Dessert.  Here is what I recommend to get:  Smoked Salmon, Prime Rib (amazing, favorite of the night, melts in your mouth and offers fresh or sauce horseradish), Cocktail shrimp.  Please do not get the following:  Salmon Fillets (they were dry and overcooked and bland), Chicken Tandoori (Dry), Mid-Eastern Rice (not good at all).  Two of my table mates stuck with breakfast since the food was not the best.
We did this buffet as part of the "Buffet of Buffet's" pass. We ate dinner at this buffet and waited in a HUGE line to be seated. My husband, the carnivore, liked this buffet very much and still mentions the yummy meatballs. However, i am a bit more of a Foodie and found the food to be not so fresh :) The hummus was crusty and the guacamole no good. My favorite thing about this place was the cotton candy! It was definitely not the worst place we visited with this pass, but it was not the best either.
I'm veeeeeeery picky when it comes to buffets...particularly Vegas buffets. My mind automatically raises the buffet-bar when I step off the plane and into Sin City. So with that said, The Spice Market Buffet at Plant Hollywood was ehh.. . There's a decent amount of food that stretches along the entire back wall of the buffet. It was kinda inconvenient for a hungry hound like myself. I had to use my legs and feet to walk, yes WALK, from one end of the buffet to the other. But along the way I found some interesting items [during lunch] that peak my interest, some good and some not. I found it very interesting that they had a decent selection of Middle Eastern food. Not many buffets that I've had to opportunity to try never cover that part of the globe.. . Overall, taste and quality of food was aight. I wasn't really impressed, but I mean it got the job done.. . What I was impressed with was the desserts. They've got a crepe-making station that wasn't half bad. They've got a few different fruits to put in the crepes [strawberries, cherries, banana, etc.] and they'll even throw on some whipped cream and chocolate sauce if you're into that kinda thing. The only thing that irked me was that the fruit was drenched in a sugary syrup, or as the kids call it "sizzzzurp.". . Service was okay. Our server [are they still servers at buffets??] cleaned plates in a timely fashion, told us some stories and made some small talk.. . I mean SMB was okay, don't get me wrong, but for the cost and quality of everything, I'm sure there are other buffets that would be a better bang for the buck [one in particular comes to mind]. But it's worth a whirl at least once.
My friends and I decided to come here the day after going to a pool party because we didn't want to be sporting our food babies in public. :) We arrived around 3:30 and there was a small line, so we got seated pretty quickly. They were still serving breakfast in the late afternoon, which was totally a plus for me.. and everyone else in Vegas who struggles to wake up any time before 12:00 haha. Most of the food was pretty average-- nothing out of the ordinary. I'd have to say my favorite part was the "Mid-Eastern" section in the middle of the buffet. . . Since we came in so late, they were actually switching out the breakfast/lunch food with the dinner selections. This was pretty awesome because we paid the lunch price and actually got to eat some crab legs too! If you're trying to save time by only eating one meal in Vegas, I'd suggest hitting up the buffet in the late afternoon. :)
Went here for a late lunch with the Buffet of Buffets deal. I enjoyed the prime rib, desserts and seafood sections, but was pretty off-put by the crab legs.. . The buffet itself is really very comfortable, perhaps the most of the buffets I sampled wit Buffet of Buffets. The ambiance is very nice and they played lots of good music! (90's FTW!). . I digress.... . Spice Market has a wonderful spread that encompasses a lot of different ethnic cuisines. I tried my best to sample a little of each and all of it was really fare game. I do, however, feel that sometimes some of the food can get dry or stale, and that a little more attention could have been paid to what was out there! I've never seen a buffet actually run out of food (aside from crab legs) for an extended amount of time as much as I had at Spice Market.. . The prime rib was very good. Not overly seasoned on the outside crust (which some might like), beefy, tender and medium rare. . . The crab legs are served nicely, cut in half along the length of the leg to make getting the meat out really easy. What I didn't like was the temperature. Half were brought out of the fridge, immersed in their own juices and simply served "chilled"without ice. These legs had a really off putting flavor and wetness to them. The legs they warmed up were "resteamed" but were often not heated enough. Lukewarm crabs aren't so great. . . The desserts were good. Cotton candy was a bonus!
We came here for dinner as our first stop for the Buffet of Buffet $45 deal. I had high hopes for this place based on all the reviews, but I was sadly disappointed. For dinner, I prefer the World Carnival buffet at Rio. It definitely has more selection. Yes it was cool they have cotton candy as a dessert, but by the end of your meal, the last thing you want to stuff in your mouth is a fluff of sugar. I was also excited about the cheese they had, unfortunately most of the cheese was dried out and getting hard. Out of all the things I ate, the best thing there was the crab legs. They weren't too salty or watery like other buffets and I do like how they cut them in half so it's easier to get the meat out. Other than that, there was nothing special about the food. Definitely stop by the Rio buffet instead if you are only going to one dinner buffet.
Some of the food were really good, especially the middle-eastern and italian selections. The mexican section didnt have too much... just tacos and fajitas. The asian food was 'ok' but the snow-crabs were pretty good so i couldnt complain. But honestly... for 35 bucks a person... cant they at least serve steak? lobster? something thats actually worth 35 bucks?! The lines were sooooo long. I think no matter when you go, the line will be long. we got lucky and didnt have to wait long since we had a group of 9 people and ended up seated in the back in like a banquet type area for large groups. There was alot of fruit selections and icecream and cotton candy for dessert. Overall is was a 3.5... but I'd rather give it a 3 since it really wasnt worth 35 bucks.
This WAS the best buffet in Vegas many years back. The spacing is quite congested and not modern. Dinner price was $27.99 with a 10% discount if you're staying at Planet Hollywood. There were stations representing different ethnic areas, American, Asian, Middle Eastern, Mexican, Italian as well as a dessert and salad station. The good;  chicken curry, tandoori chicken, crab legs and fried chicken the mediocre; prime rib, desserts and the salads, the bad; minestrone soup, spring rolls and the fried shrimp. Pay a little more and go to Aria, Wynn, Bellaggio or Cosmopolitan.. . WOULD I GO BACK? If I were staying at Planet Hollywood and too lazy to venture out.....yes.
When compared to some of the other buffets in Vegas, this one is better than most.  My bff and I usually get the 24 hour pass so we can bounce between PH, Paris, and Caesars.  When you use the pass, we think it is a good value and the food is fine.  Nothing extra spectacular, but certainly not bad.  It was handy when we just wanted a snack and a cup of coffee!
Pretty much like any average buffet.  They do have it in sections for the different types of food so that is nice.  The food is nothing special, but not bad at all.  They do have a nice all you can drink for a good price.  As long as your server is fast you can pretty much keep the drinks coming.
The buffet was decent. Not the best but still edible. The tri tip was the only thing that really was worth it.
Had lunch here with our Buffet of Buffets pass.  This place was average. the good was that there was a variety of ethnic foods.  Some dim sum items.  there were some (small) crab legs.  Overall the taste was average.  Probably won't come back, but if i had no choice, I wouldn't mind too much.
Pretty good buffet! 3.5 stars.. . I like the variety but the decor and the lighting in this place are not so good. It's so freaking dark and plain in here. . . Here are the food highlights and lowlights:. . Highlights:. . - Both hot steamed and cold steamed King crab legs (my husband loves hot crab legs, so he was thrilled to have this option) that are halved for you to not have to crack yourself. - Middle Eastern section -- delicious, but the ground lamb-stuffed tomatoes were in dire need of seasoning. - Delicious chocolate and raspberry mousse-y and wafer-y layer cake. - A lot of variety and range. - Delicious rolls. - Crab salad. - Freshly spun cotton-candy. . Lowlights:. . - No good soup. - Customer service is lacking -- it took a long time for our server to check on us, grab our plates, and refill drinks. . Bottom line: We'll come back for sure! I think we just caught them in the middle of a dinner rush!
A couple of Vegas buffets offer a wide selection of ethnic dishes to the mix that you might have a hard time finding at your local mall's "international" food court.. . Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet, whose name is a small tribute to the days when the Aladdin sat in its place, is one such place.. . While I was not overly impressed with their Asian or and poor seafood offerings -- though the sliced crab legs and crab rangoon were fine -- their Indian, Mediterranean, and Middle Eastern dishes (and reasonable pricing) make it worth a quick trip for lunch.. . Here you can find a variety of meat kebabs, grilled veggie skewers, tomatoes stuffed with ground lamb, couscous, chicken tandoori, and a number of curry dishes that will manage to sit in your tummy just fine.. . It's also a lot more kid friendly than most other Vegas buffets, and offers a cotton candy station, and a crepe-making station for dessert. Some might feel this is a fun touch, but I'd rather not see children stampeding through my debauched vacation or digging through the serving pans with their snotty fingers.
We've eaten here before for Breakfast and had a great time, so I was expecting more of the same for Dinner.  Unfortunately, they didn't deliver.  It's not that the food was bad, it's just that it didn't stand out.  The Mexican food was ok, the Pizza......meh, the Prime Rib was tasty though and pretty tender.  My biggest disappointment was the crab though.  I was happy to see that they offered steamed snow crab, but upon closer inspection, it was pretty dry.  It's not like we showed up at 9:45pm either.  I usually fill up on crab alone, but I barely grabbed like 6 legs.  Kinda sad.  The dessert station was pretty nice though and the cobbler was actually pretty good with a nice crunchy crust.  Maybe next  time we'll just stick to the breakfast buffet.
This was the first buffet we went to, on the second day of our BOB pass. We arrived at 11:30, too late for breakfast, but just in time for lunch. There was only one couple in front of us, so we waited maybe a total of five minutes to "check in" and be seated. . . Now that I'm thinking about it, compared to the other buffets, the interior of this one looked like a hospital cafeteria. Kinda drab, neutral gray and blue colors all around. . . I tried the chicken marsala, but it lacked flavor. It didn't even really taste like a real marsala sauce. All I tasted was chicken. I like chicken, but if you're going to say that it's "chicken marsala" make sure that's really what the sauce is. I made the same comment to my boyfriend and he said "I know, but I didn't want to tell you to disappoint you". If he's saying there's no flavor...then that's a bad sign. . . I do agree with the other reviews though, the shrimp tempura was my favorite part of the buffet. I would go back just for the unlimited amount of it. People obviously liked it as well, since there was a line waiting when they were refilling them. . . And the boyfriend and I were walking out when we realized they had cotton candy. Nice touch. We didn't get any, but I thought it was cool. I probably would skip this buffet if I didn't have the BOB.
Honestly...the food here isnt that great.  The quality of food is whatever and there were more inedible dishes than edible ones.  The prime rib is done decently well.  Not overly bloody or well done.  The soft serve custard was pretty good and i double fisted cotton candy on the way out!
This definitely isn't the best buffet in Vegas, but it will do in a pinch. I paid extra for unlimited alcohol (champagne), and was a little surprised when it arrived at my table served in a plastic water cup. Oh, well...it's all going down the same way, anyway! I don't know that I'd necessarily visit this buffet again (as Rachel S. noted, the interior is pretty drab and is reminiscent of a hospital cafeteria).  The food wasn't much better than what you would get at a Hometown Buffet or Golden Corral.  BUT...bonus points to our waitress; she was super sweet and before she got off her shift, she snuck over and left me with an entire BOTTLE of my own champagne. What a doll!
My family came here for dinner one night because we had some comps. Usually it takes a special like this to get us into a buffet now a days. None of us can eat that much anymore. Yet, at this point, a buffet is a buffet is a buffet if it is not one of the two high end places in town. There are some items that made up the low, mid, and high points to our meal. . . Low- Chinese/Asian- The variety is non-existent. Nothing noteworthy. The crepes are premade and placed back into a frying pan with butter to warm up. . . Mid- Crab legs were anorexic, but at least they were split for easy access. The shrimp were pretty standard as well. Desserts are all standard. . . High- The left half of the Middle East section. Dolmas, Marinaded Feta, Baba Ganoush, and the beef. The meat was seasoned well and very tender. . . At one time they were voted Best Buffet by the Review Journal. Part of me scoffs, because it is the Review Journal, and a part of me agreed with them back then. When it first opened, the Middle East station was amazing and innovative. It is still a stand out option, but that is because everything else went downhill. . . The line is long, but the employees work quickly to get the guest in. The price is steep at $31 for okay food.
my family and i decided to check out planet hollywood's buffet on christmas eve and i can't say that i loved it but i also can't say it was completely horrible . . it was just....OKAY. . something you can live without but also something you wouldn't mind eating. . . since we went during the holidays we had to wait 40 mins? not tooo bad right?! my dad was a total rewards member so we paid 32 dollars per person BUT! if you aren't the dinner price is 35 dollars. sounds expensive but considering the other buffets like wynn and belagio i think its somewhat of a bargain?. . the buffet is separated into different sections like mexican, italian, middle east, asian, american, salad and soup! the food was good but yet again, nothing special. they do have king crab and prime rib but when i went, the prime rib was so red we couldn't eat it..... . the only thing i remember is the dessert! it was REALLY good! the pumpkin cake and cream puffs were my favorite but i think the most memorable was the freshly made cotton candy! . . all in all, you can't go wrong with the spice market buffet but i'm pretty sure you won't have an OMG experience
Seriously is it bad that the only thing I remember is the bomb clam chowder? Everything else was a blur of decent buffet food. Deserts were okay too. Cotton candy was great. But how can you mess up sugar?
We went here for dinner $27.99 +tax per person with Total Rewards Card. They have different sections: Seafood, Asian, American,Mediterranean, Mexican, Soup, Salad, Dessert. Some of my favs included the warm crab legs with drawn butter, Mediterranean Kabobs, Prime Rib, and Jasmine White Rice to go with all of the above. Love that they have cotton candy! Nice touch! I wish they would have had ice cream. They just had the self-seve soft serve. Some of our least favorite choices were the Asian Noodles & Hummus. Stay away from those.
The boyfriend and I were too lazy to go anywhere further than our hotel for buffet, so we ended up just going to Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood. There is a big selection of food, but the food was kind of whatever. It was a bit more than $30/ person, which was okay, but we would definitely recommending investing a little more and going somewhere else for a different buffet.. . We went on Saturday night around 5:30pm, rushing downstairs, thinking there'd be a huge line (we remember those 2+ hour waits at other buffets with our families) but there was a hardly a line. We waited probably 15 minutes before getting seated, which wasn't bad since we also wanted to catch the Saints & Broncos game.. . For seafood, there was snow crab, not Alaskan king crab. The shrimp tasted very dry and tough. The meat selection was decent. I didn't bother trying the Asian food, Middle Eastern or the Mexican food, because the food was pretty mediocre. There was no sashimi or sushi selection. The boyfriend tried the Middle Eastern food, but he didn't think too highly of it either. The dessert selection is sort of small, but they do have cotton candy (I've never seen that at a buffet!). . They do have a $12/ person all you can drink deal, but we ended up not doing that because we wanted to save our stomachs for the food. We didn't even stay too long since it was just okay and I didn't feel the need to stuff my face with mediocre food.. . I guess for the price and lack of wait, it was an okay buffet. But next time, I definitely will make the trip and spend the money for a better meal.
We got hungry after walking the strip and shopping so after walking through Planet Hollywood we just decided to try out the buffet here. Luckily we had our total rewards member card which saved us a few bucks off the dinner price. We were seated right away since we came right before dinner and instead of waiting for them to get your drink order before you chow down, there's a card on the table for you to choose your drinks and leave to grab some food. I guess that's pretty cool cause when we came back with our first plate our drinks were already ready. . . They have different sections offering Asian, Mexican, American, Middle Eastern food as well as the standard seafood selections. Id say they all were decent for the price, it's nothing spectacular. I really enjoyed their desserts though. I had to make sure to save room for the sugar high I was about to embark myself upon. All those fruit tarts, chocolate covered strawberries and cotton candy definitely was good.
The buffet at Planet Hollywood was decently priced and while it didn't have a larger variety than Bellagio, it was decent.  The best thing here was the ice cream.  It was some sort of custard ice cream.  Either way it was delicious.
This place is just an average casino buffet that you can find everywhere. Nothing too bad and nothing too special.
Not much for breakfast just eggs and meat
My rating is VERY grossly inflated because I liked the idea of there being a buffet that highlights all major Types of cuisine. So yes, for that alone, I'll happily admit I'm being too generous with the rating.. . The Spice Market is a very bizarre name for this buffet. However bizarre name is the least of this place's gripes.. . After that VERY long stair trip down (WTF?!), you get to the atrociously handled lineups. When you finally get through to the desk, yore asked if youre a rewards member or some crap. Aright. I'm seated at a table. terrible service, I asked the (very grumpy) waitress for a second glass of coke, and I didn't get it. I tried even getting her attention and she ignored me completely. NO TIP FOR YOU! (said in Italian accent). . The food is subpar, really. I don't see how this has the reputation of being the best buffet in Vegas. Obviously Las Vegans have low standards, but that's alright I guess. The gravy from the pot roast was caked on, why? The lamb skewers were overly elasticy. Wasn't a fan of the fried shrimp either.. . But... THAT DESERT!!!! so yummy. I loved the cotton candy! The hand made tarts and what not... Yum! And the custard with strawberry sauce!!!! I'm a sucker for a good dessert, and this was it.. . So it wasn't entirely terrible. But I wouldn't recommend it wither. I'll admit I only went because I was going to see Peepshow later, and had it not been for that, I'd have walked an extra few minutes to Aria instead.
This, I would have to say, is the second best buffet that I have been to in Vegas.  It had a pretty good variety, the wait was not too long, and there were a lot of foods that they would slice for your on demand (so that it remains "juicy").  I think that with buffets, you can not expect a high quality in food since they are preparing so many different dishes in such large amounts, but this certainly was not the worst that I have had.. . Overall I think that I would go again if I were on the strip.  I would not waste my time with Todai and I probably would not want to spend more money at the MGM for sushi or Asian cuisine at the Grand Wok and so I would opt for this.  The M Studio B buffet is still my favorite.
More than 8 people, they charge you gratuity. Typical.. . FOOD SELECTION:. A large variety. They did offer a variety of foods. I give them that... but the quality... eh. I've had better buffets for the SAME price. They have a large selection of different types of foods and this was a big place, but I felt like the meat quality was lower than most places. But if you stick with the basics, you're good. . . PRICE: $29.99. . DESSERT:  Lacking. I'm a dessert buff. . . SEATING: Not too crowded - even during lunch.. . OVERALL: Eh... I've had better.
First of all, I've been here a few times before using the buffet of buffets, which is definitely worth the price if you're in town for more than a day. Again, I brought a group of 10 here on our way back to Salt Lake and thought the $30 was decent and within our budget. Unfortunately I didn't realize they charged 20% gratuity for that large a group, and it came out to about $40 per person.Definitely not worth $40. . . As far as food, I love the split crab legs. That is practically all I ate while I was there, with a piece of prime rib and some other random food. I typically don't eat carbs at buffets, and I'm not a dessert fan. Their arnold palmer was really good though. The service is good, and the split snow crab legs were good, but it was hit and miss. Sometimes the batch would be dry, other times they would be moist and flavorful. Can't really complain at a buffet although my $40 says otherwise. The prime rib was decent, not the best I've had but ok. Their desserts looked good and I had a bite here and there of some, but nothing impressive. Their pizza didn't look all that great so I didn't bother and their Mexican is sparse but the middle eastern was decent. I liked the lamb. The tilapia was surprisingly flavorful. They have a large fruit selection and overall a wide food selection but it definitely a certain umf. . . Overall I would go here with the buffet of buffets pass but other than that I can find better food for $40.
This is the first of many buffets that we tried.  We decided to purchase the buffet of all buffets.  It gives us access for 24 hours to any of the following casino buffets: Rio Grande, Planet Hollywood, Paris, Flamingo and Harrahs.  I think that's all.  for 45 dollars.. . So this is the first buffet we decided to try.. . Sole stuffed with crab was pretty tasty.  I liked it.. . Shrimp Tempura was pretty good.  I went back and got seconds.. . Italian Meatballs - I had one that was really good, but then the next one was really really salty.  Bad batch I guess.. . The restrooms were in a weird place.  They were located near the entrance before the registers.  So you had to leave the buffet area to go to the restrooms, and there was this weird elevator there.  I'm not sure where that went.. . There wasn't a place to change a baby's diaper.  And I guess now that matters to me. . . Overall, it was an average buffet.  Good but not great.  Lunchtime anyway.  I'm sure there's more to offer at dinner time.
Very good variety, food was good but nothing spectacular. Good value for $
Good meal, decent prices, not too long of lines on weekdays.  3-4 star not truly a full 4 star.
Ok, so this used to be my favorite buffet years ago when I was a tourist in Vegas.  But now I'm a local and also a vegetarian, so I really don't eat at the buffets except when friends are in town.  Well wouldn't you know it, we had some friends in town recently and they wanted to go to Spice Market Buffet.  I honestly was pretty excited because I now had an excuse to come back.. . So I don't know if I'm jaded as a local or if it's because my choices are severely limited since I can't eat 95% of the items, but I'm never really impressed with buffets anymore.  Spice Market, however, is still pretty good option in my option.  My friends (non-vegetarians) were happy with their meal.. . As any vegetarian in Vegas knows, your choices at a buffet are very starch- and dairy-heavy, and Spice Market is no exception.  I had quesadillas, pasta with pesto sauce, mac 'n cheese, and whipped potatoes.  They did offer simple green beans and even some really yummy roasted veggies (asparagus, zucchini, onions) in the Italian section.  The Middle Eastern section has several veg-friendly choices, but be weary of the Moroccan vegetables- they had really bad seasoning and texture.  I enjoyed the desserts, but then again, I always enjoy the desserts.  The fruit tarts and cream puffs were my favorite.. . Other things you can expect include: shrimp, soups, breadsticks, pizza, fajitas, several breads and spreads, sweet potatoes, cotton candy, and a dessert crepe station.. . I think this is still a solid buffet, especially as a tourist.  The prices are reasonable (for a buffet on The Strip) and I even found a coupon online for $5 off (http://www.destinationcoupons.com/Nevada/Las_Vegas/spice-market-buffet/spice-market-buffet-coupons.asp).  Vegetarians, you can find enough to eat here (including a decent salad bar that I didn't even touch).  Vegans, I would say you need to avoid all buffets (too much dairy).  Everyone else, there are tons of choices including prime rib and crab legs- you will leave stuffed.
We had high expectations for this buffet because it was all our friends raved about. Although the selection was great, the food was mediocre (should that be expected in a buffet?). . The Buffet overall . Our Rating (on a scale from 1-10; 10 being the best): 7. . Ambiance/atmosphere: 6 - The atmosphere was okay. Lots of people and we sat in the corner, which was nice. However, it felt much like being in a cafeteria and that detracted a little from our experience.. . Service: 5 - The waitress would come pick up our plates occassionally but with a large party they stacked up quickly. However, each time she came by, she was very friendly, as was the rest of the staff.. . We havent been to many buffets in Vegas, but from what we've eaten this one was pretty good. . . Until next time!. . -N & H
Upon arriving at the Paris Las Vegas, incredible hunger tempted us into buying the 24-hour-buffet pass. According to Yelp, this was the second best choice besides the buffet at the Rio, which we deemed too far since weren't here with a car.. . Unsurprisingly, we thought the buffet was a tad worse than at Le Village but still decent. The selection was quite large and besides the Asian food (well what was I expecting?) and the seafood (only OK), everything was well-prepared. Especially the American section had delicious stuff and the carving station has high-quality meat. I gotso stuffed on food before I even made it to the mediterranean and mexican section.. . Perhaps the place gets worse when it's more crowded. We got here at 9pm, got in immediately and the service was impeccable. Our waitress was very nice, cleaned out our table swiftly and brought refills for our drinks way before we needed them.. . 3 stars because they had quite a few dishes that looked horrible (pork buns - ugh), but in general it's worth a look especially with the Buffet of Buffets pass.
The variety of food is prety good. I think their theme was any country in which spice played a prominent role. So you had Chinese, Indian, Middle Eastern, Japanese and Mexican.. But then again I could be talking out of my ear.. It is definitely one of the bigger buffet places in Vegas.. I arrived for Lunch on a Tuesday in November 2011. The line did not take too long, since there was plenty of seating. It is priced at the standard Harrah's properties rate. 18.98 plus tax.. The one thing I liked was the Noodle bar. You can pick and choose anything from fishballs, to shrimp, to fish cake for your noodles
This buffet is good for the price you pay. There's a lot of variety from Asian, Mexican, Middle Eastern, Italian Greek, Salads, Soups & Desserts. . . The layout of the buffet is very straight forward going from end to end. I believe the scenery could use a little modernization & liveliness as I felt as I was eating inside a comfy cafeteria.
Eh...this was recommended to us by our hotel's guest services and to be honest, this is A-ok. Nothing too spectacular. I did however like the cotton candy but I'm not going to pay $30.99 for some cotton candy. Haha...our server seemed somewhat zombie-ish. I barely had 2 plates of food. It was a waste of money really. Everything was just ok...
My girlfriends and I came here for the Buffet of Buffet and was excited to see the sign saying "voted for the best buffet in Vegas".  . . This place has only two good things: Crab legs and desserts.  Unfortunately crab legs were cold...I like them somewhat warm you know.  However they tasted fresh and I liked how they cut the legs in half so that it would be easier to eat.  The desserts were good, though a lot of them were the same stuff that we saw at Le Village at the Paris.  . . The Asian sections was absolutely horrifying.  Everything was disgusting.  Our waitress was very nice and attentive.  Overall it was just an okay buffet.  I kept eating just crab legs to get my money worth.  This place certainly does not deserve the best buffet in Vegas award.
This place was ok.  I'm not going to say I'm a huge fan nor am I not a fan either.  If I didn't want to walk further down or up the strip I'd eat here again.  There is a good variety and well very decent place to kill any hangover too :-)
I have been here approximately five times and Spice Market Buffet has always been a hit-or-miss for me. I either have a great meal there or the food was just not as good as the last time I went. . . The food there isn't consistent. I tend to go after the prime rib and it's usually super rare or overly cooked when I get it. I've only had it perfectly cooked twice. Also, I don't recommend the Asian section of the buffet especially the pho because the dishes there lacks a lot of flavor or they over season their dishes.. . One major complaint that I have at this buffet is that it's always hard to flag down the waiters, waitresses. When we need extra utensils or a refill on our drinks, they said they'll come back in a minute which turns into fifteen minutes. It's kind of ridiculous. I have also had a bad experience with one of the waitresses having a bad attitude. My boyfriend asked for an Arnold Palmer with Raspberry Iced Tea and she gave this face and said, "Can't you order something else like, a coke?" Come on now..don't need to get crazy over a drink order.. . Even though the food isn't perfect, I do enjoy coming here because most of the food they offer is pretty good. I also really love their dessert bar. The first time I ate here, they had this chocolate mousse and it was the best chocolate mousse I ever had. I keep coming back here hoping that I can have it again but my luck has always been bad and have never seen it since. Other than that, I like the pies that they offer.. . Overall, Spice Market is like your typical Vegas buffet, crowded and overpriced.
We came down to the buffet since it was the closest place to get some breakfast food on a Sunday morning. It was pretty good for taking the elevator down and have a choice of just about any kind of food you want. I don't think you can expect lobster and crab at 11:00am in the morning, but you will get some things like prime rib and other nice cuts of meat. . . If you're not gambling then you're probably going to pay full price at like $25 or more. Coming from Chicago this is a pretty steep price. You're only in Vegas so much, so why not right? I would probably go back here again if I could eat twice as much or if I had a huge amount of comps. If you got money to blow, you're really hungry and don't want to go far from the hotel, then you can get away with eating here and being happy about it.
After a brief coma, I started out on the strip at 4 am and was at PH and hungry at 7 am when they opened so..... Good value and decent quality food. The eggs made to order station dude was spot on with my over easies...
Went to Vegas with a buffet fiend!!! This boy even made me get the 24 Hours of Buffets pass! The first stop was here. Immediately upon descending the escalators I was disappointed... I mean it's like you're eating in a basement cafeteria. It was kinda sad. At least it was very clean and there wasn't a wait. . . This was actually my 1st Vegas Buffet experience ever so there was a lot of pressure and the Spice Market delivered on a few fronts. First off, it was cool to see they had a Middle Eastern and Mexican food sections - you don't see that too often. And they were actually quite good. It also had the run of the mill Italian section, pizzas, salad bar and carving stations. Everything was just A-OK. I actually can't really remember anything in particular jumping out at me. . . The desserts though, surprisingly, were pretty fantastic. Full size slices of various different cakes, cheesecakes and pies plus tons of different kinds of miniature tarts and cakes and cookies. PLUS cotton candy!!!! What buffet has cotton candy?!?! . . The following day, to continue our 24 Hours of Buffet theme, we hit up the Paris Buffet. PH blows Paris out of the water. That place sucked! Definitely come to Hollywood for better eats. Who knew?!
Dingier than last time I was there 5 years ago (it is in a basement after all). Wynn beats the pants off it. . . The options here are plentiful, but the drink service was super slow and we were seated in an area and they were cleaning around us during our meal with a janitor cart. It kind of spoiled the mood. They had sports on TV, which as an Olympic fan, I enjoyed.. . Some of the strengths here are the middle eastern booth, the desserts, and the italian booth. There was an interesting lamb stuffed tomato that I loved. . . Some of the misses are the Asian buffet (looked like it had been out there all day), the seafood line (put the busiest thing in the corner where the most people jam in?) and the quality of the mexican ingredients. . . Good if you get the 24 hour pass and need a place to eat all day. Otherwise, take the cab up to the Wynn or cross to Bellagio. I think you'll enjoy spending your 30-40 there more.
lunch: i like the multi national spread but nothing was stand out awesome and definitely NOT worth the cross-trek of the strip that nearly gave me heat stroke. . . clean, fresh, good service. worthwhile but probably only if it was in your hotel or nearby.
Apart from the really awesome Middle Eastern section (which makes sense since Planet Hollywood used to be the Aladdin hotel a million years ago), it's not worth the price you pay.
This place had a weird smell... . . Maybe it was all the different foods mixing, but when I walked down the stairs and got a whiff of what was to come, I wished we went to different buffet. But this one is my friend's favourite, so I just had to buck up.. . They told us it would be a while if we wanted to sit together. We opted to break our group up because me eat now. When we sat down, the table beside us left shortly after. They could have bussed the table beside us and sat us all together, but it sat dirty until we left... I guess in the melee that is dinner, things go the wayside. . . It was crab-tastic. It was a hard fight though because you have to throw elbows to get near it... and there is lots. That's all I had... oh and some grilled veggies. Actually, I lie. I had meat... a nice slice of prime rib. Oh and some creme brulee. I never make it past the dessert area because that to me signals the end. Unfortunately that means I missed the Meditteranean section and the Mexican section. . . I think I was feeling the after effects of my brekkie/lunch buffet because I just wasn't feeling this one.
honestly, this is an amazing buffet. you can get pretty much anything you want here and the food is amazingly delicious.. Why could i not rate it at least 4 stars? At the start of my meal, there was a broken piece of glass in my food, which I didn't realize until it was in my mouth and I was about to swallow it. I kindly pointed it out to the service staff - who were very gracious in accommodating me and apologized. After realizing the glass was there, I just lost my appetite for the rest of the meal.. . I don't demand free stuff much or am one of those people that cause a scene to get a free meal, but I did hope that the broken glass in my food (and in my mouth) would get me a refund on my meal. Unfortunately that was not offered. :-P. Because of that incident I don't think I can bring myself to go back there again.
Probably about 100 or so food options here (brunch).  I'm sure they pull out all the stops during dinner, but from what I experienced, the dessert bar is the only reason you should come here.. . The brunch offerings were pretty basic.  There wasn't an omelet bar so that meant any egg you put on your plate was probably in a carton or powdered prior to cooking.  I was surprised that there weren't more breakfast options, especially with sections dedicated to food from specific regions.. . What's a Mediterranean breakfast like?  I still don't know.. . The most popular station was the dessert station.  There were a dozen varieties of cupcakes alone.  You'd also find cheesecake pops, cotton candy, cookies, soft serve ice cream, and various danishes.  The only thing missing was some pecan pie.. . And more breakfast items...
When I come to Las Vegas one of the things I like to do is hit a quality buffet.  I don't eat at many of them and 'Vegas has an incredible variety (both in terms of items, quality and cost).. . This buffet didn't disappoint.  LOTS of variety of foods.  Everything seemed fresh.  If you like cupcakes you've come to the right place; I think I counted 10 varieties plus soft-serve Custard.  Not many cakes or cookies though, primarily just fresh cupcakes.. . I had a generous helping of Prime Rib and some ham, both were nicely cooked.  I also enjoyed some of the best mashed potatoes I've had in a long time!. . The only drawback's I saw were, there is no self-serve beverage station; you must order soft drinks and water from a waiter and sometimes the wait time for a waiter seemed a bit long.  I also thought the cost ($30 a person for dinner on a Thursday night) was high, however the food was good and being on the strip it's probably one of the more affordable buffet's you'll see on the strip.. . I'd come here again!
Went here Nov 3 for brunch. I could have sworn their advertisement said they had snow crab legs! I went on a hunt and did not find them. :( i was sad. The OJ is not the bomb there, neither is the coffee. Food is fine, dessert is amazing! They have a cotton candy machine! it was unique and new to my buffet dining experience. I appreciated the addition.
Okay people key word here "BUFFET" so can't go expecting to have 5 star service but if you want a bite to eat and you are in the mood for different things this was okay for me. It was not like the Rio but I was not trying to pay $50.00 bucks and stand in line for a couple of hours. It was Veterans day so I got a little lucky and was in about 30 minutes . . I was tired and starving, so the food was good to me. I had my waffles and bacon and grits and a few other items and I was on my way. I will have to try them again at lunch or dinner so the review will not be a little biased. I say this because I had a major hangover:)
Went here for Sunday brunch for about $32 per person.  This isnt bad.  The wait was about 10-15 minutes.  there is a line for paying then line for tables.   The place is pretty big and tables are not too crowded.  Loved the breakfast section.  they also have meditterrean, seafood, asian, mexican, and roast beef/ham sections.  What also stood out was the cupcakes section.  they had about more than 10 flavors.  I was actually expecting a variety of desserts such as cakes.  I would not mind going back to this buffet.  I have been to Cosmo buffet which is so much better.  I have been Harrahs buffet which was a little better than this place.  This place is way better than the TI buffet.b
Received 2 complimentary breakfasts from ph during our stay and of course we took advantage of that. Bf and I went at around 10am and were seated immediately, though it was decently crowded for an early meal and there was a line waiting. Unfortunately, the waitress forgot the orange juice we ordered but we didn't mind  because their breakfast smoothies available at the buffet bars were good substitutes. The Arnold palmer on the other hand - gross. Took one sip and the watered down taste almost made me wanna puke it all back up. Jk it's wasn't THAT bad, but it was the worst arnold palmer i've ever had!. . The best part of the buffet was the different types of sausages they had and the seasonal fruits available. The eggs Benedict were a sad story and the lychee pear concoction had an interesting flavor but strange texture. . . Overall, can't complain being that it was a free meal but def not a place i'd be waiting in line for!
The lines here are quite deceiving for a first timer. Once you walk up and see a small line upstairs before the escalators, you'd think to yourself, "hell yeah! Short line means we can eat quicker!" think not.. . As the line moved within 15 minutes upstairs, you get invited downstairs then we see the other giant line that we were not prepared for. So it was our fault for seeing the mirage upstairs. The new one was about 35 minutes until we were seated.. . Food choices were pretty good and plentiful. Since I have only been to less than a handful of buffets in Vegas, I really did like the different sections from around the world. My favorite was the Mid-East section with all the juicy meat selections. The meat both lamb and beef were juicy but a tad rough on some pieces. . . I'm down to come back here next time.
It's better than the buffets at The Riviera and Circus Circus but not as good as The Wicket Spoon at The Cosmopolitan or Bellagio, so yup, I'd put it square in the middle.  There are lots of choices.  I couldn't always tell what sauces or toppings were being suggested with what foods.  Some sections tasted way better than others.  If you're staying at Planet Hollywood, it's obviously convenient and won't take a long waiting line or $30 per person to get through the doors.
Among all the buffets in Las Vegas, is this one very special? not really. Why did we come here then?  only b/c we bought the buffet of buffets, and this was one of the buffets on the card.  One great thing about this buffet was that there was no wait!  so if you are almost done with your 24 hours on the card, but you still feel like trying another buffet, this would be the one to try!  Lot of food selection, and it is clean. dessert section wasn't too great, just mostly cupcakes.
A nice variety of foods that are categorized by cuisine. However, I only found the shrimp and rack of lamb to be appetizing and tasty. . . Other notable items they have: . Crab legs - already split in half for you and you can eat your money's worth here if you're a big crab person. . . Prime rib - somewhat on the dry side . . Wide selection of cupcakes - a person with a sweet tooth would love their selection of desserts. . Kabobs - they have several and I tried the lamb kabob. Unfortunately, that was also dry. . . As I'm not in Vegas all that often, I'll probably try anotherbuffet next time.
It was an okay experience. Price is little higher than Aria or Bellagio. I enjoyed Middle-eastern and asian food bars. Dessert bar was the worst, only cup cakes and cheap ice-cream machine. Seating was okay, I am not a fan of booths with high walls that you cannot see anyone. Service was okay, server was very attentive.
My girlfriends and I stayed at Planet Hollywood recently and dined at Spice Market Buffet for our first meal in Vegas. . . AMBIANCE: When you see the bright sparkly sign, you are expecting something high end but once you take the escalator down to the dining area, it looks a little drab. Clean and spacious though.... . SERVICE: My friend misunderstood the prices that were posted on their website because she missed the part about the price going up in February and it was February first that day. The lady at the cashier was absolutely RUDE and would not even listen to my friends explanation, as calm and nice as she tried to be. The service at the table was great though with our water always being refilled and plates taken away in a timely manner.. . FOOD: Great selection with food from different cuisines: italian, chinese, mexican, middle eastern, and seafood. The buffet selection was great as well with cotton candy and TONS of cupcake flavours. We loved that there was a huge selection of cupcakes but many of them were actually dry. . . PRICE: It was $25 per person for their lunch buffet
The selection seemed thin @ the time we went, around 2 on a Thursday.  The dessert section was well stocked.  The Mexican section seemed very generic (reminded me a bit of cafeteria food from high school) still left full, but would but be interested in trying somewhere else first.
I think this is one of the better buffet options in Las Vegas.  They serve a diverse mix of food here.  There are different station set up for various ethnic foods.  The quality of the food is a bit above average, and the tastes our flavorful.  The dessert section is my favorite part.  There is no food or dish that truly stand out though.. . We had gone here as part of the Buffet of Buffets pass.  We lined up to go downstairs to the buffet, and it took about 30 minutes to get through.  Not too bad.  The ambiance is pleasant, and the service is fine.  I honestly do not know if I would go here and pay the normal price of the buffet here.  They are pricey, and there are better value options in regards to buffets in Vegas.
Stop 2 on my Buffet Of Buffet's adventure.  This place was pretty good, very flavorful food, lots of different styles of foods.  . . Food wise there were lots of options but not a lot of options at each station.  There was a lot of seafood, though i'm not a seafood fan so I didn't have any but if that is your thing you are covered at this place.  Being half Lebanese I went straight to the Middle Eastern station and but fairly upset with what was available.  I picked up the "Dolmas" which I had a couple of issues with, 1. They were served cold. 2. They were sitting in some form of oil. 3. They were served with a side of Feta Cheese.  Which that is the Greek way of serving them, not the Middle Eastern way.   I also got some lamb, which I haven't eaten lamb since I was a child.  This lamb however was perfectly cooked.  It was very tender and seasoned perfectly.  . . I later picked up some roasted turkey, some chicken, some Naan bread, beans and rice, quesadilla.  I had some Mac & Cheese as well but wasn't happy with it at all, it didn't taste right or good.  After we did go to the cupcake station which at first glance it offers tons of different flavors of cupcakes, however most of them were hard, and some of the flavors were not good.  Though I did like the cream puff cupcake enough to have more than 1.. . The food was pretty solid, however the service was not great.  Our waitress only gave 1 refill and was away from us most of the time we were in there.  I would return to this place again and suggest it to my friends.
This wasn't the worst, but wasn't the best either. Went here on a Monday for lunch for $25 per person. It was fairly empty but it was a Monday. . The Mediterranean station had my favorite food. The hummus & curry chicken were delish!!! The tandoori chicken was a bit dry.. The Mexican station was decent. You could make fajitas or nachos. The guacamole was questionable... You couldn't see any avocado pieces, maybe I just like it a bit chunky. . I personally really liked the Mac & cheese- so cheesey!!!!!! And the jalepeno cornbread! My tummy was happy. . Asian station was eh. . Dessert- I was super excited but was a bit disappointed. The cupcakes tasted like they had been out for a while, not hard but not as soft as I thought they would be. The crepes: I thought they would make them fresh but they were premade. You had your options of fillings and they were pretty good. One of the best parts of the meal. . Cotton candy was a fun little to go item you can eat on the way out.
OK so I received a Groupon for this place. So what do I think....this place was just OK, nothing that stood out the lamb was over cooked and everything was just uggg. The service was good and my boyfriend said all the seafood was fresh and tasty so that was a plus. Other than that I have no rave review or no complaints. it was just ok but I wont be going back. There are many other choices in LV.
Went for brunch and mimosas - This place is sprawling with just about every type of food you could think of, but that's not always a good thing. The food was hit or miss; what was good was great for some, terrible for others in our party. The service was fair, our drinks were never empty (which is always a plus), but our plates tended to stay for quite awhile. As with the usual clientele of PH, there were definitely some frat boy groups who were obnoxious and chanting - and that's coming from a mid-twenties group in Vegas to party.
My husband and I got free buffets here with a show. Well the only thing I was impressed about was the crablegs were steamed and hot, unlike the other buffets in Vegas. My husband had a few good items. The cupcakes were awesome though, this is why it got 3 stars instead of 2
It's our favorite strip buffet restaurant. Preices went up a while back, but there's some really nice seafood, and other specialties here. It's nicely lit, comfortable, and clean.  Desserts are more limited than some buffets, with their "signature" dessert being a cupcake bar. Honestly, I've enjoyed a couple flavors, and found the others wanting in flavor, and slightly dry.
Staying at the Elara time share, I wanted to try a buffet but was lazy, so I just headed for Planet Hollywood and walked through the Miracle Mile Shops.  Upon entering the casino, I looked for the buffet, which was sort of hidden.  . . It was late dinnertime so there weren't a lot of people but they still had a ton of food.  I immediately went to town and grabbed the "exotic" dishes like kabobs, lambs, etc. and then noticed that you can make your own burger, so I proceeded to request two medium well's with cheese.  . . I must have eaten around like 4 or 5 platefuls then it was time for dessert.  They had like a cupcake bar.  Tons of cupcakes, and I tried maybe 6 of them.  . . I recommend this place only if you are nearby and if you're lazy.  Otherwise I should have just gone out and ate somewhere else.
For those who is planning on eating at the Spice Market, I have recorded a Full HD Steady tour of the buffet at Planet Hollywood. or type "Full Steady Tour of Planet Hollywood Buffet"  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YQIVXMqy8k. . This Spice Market buffet is located on the lower floor of the Casino. The buffet itself is pretty big with buffet stations going from one end of the buffet to the other end. It's comparable to Rio Buffet, but I would still consider Rio buffet the biggest and the longest.. . They have a lot of food to choose from, but I do have to say that most of the food didn't taste spectacular. It was alright. Nothing to rave about.. . The dessert station wasn't that great! Majority are cupcake items. They also have made to order crepe, but the crepe was already cooked. They just have to warm it up.. . Overall, the service was good, but I would have to say that this buffet has more quantity over quality.. . TIP: Dine between 2:45 and 3:30 and pay lunch price, so that way you can enjoy dinner food items starting at 3:30. For example, snow crab legs. By the way, the crab legs doesn't taste good. Just alright.. . As I said in the beginning, if you guys want to see what kind of food they serve at the Spice Market buffet, I have recorded a full Steady walking tour of Planet Hollywood Buffet: . . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YQIVXMqy8k
Cotton Candy......... Prime Rib....... Put them together..... well.. i don't recommend you putting them together.. (It does sound good tho) i just wanted to emphasize two things that stuck out when i was there ;) . . Yet another place to check out while on your gluttony/ sinful vacation in Vegas... . . Located downstairs of the Planet Hollywood Hotel is a buffet with a lot of spice appeal with Different sections of countries like: American, Middle eastern, Mexican, Asian, etc etc.. Its not as big compared to other buffets i saw but its not bad at all. Lots of flavor, lots to choose from.  U gotta try the steaks and prime rib.. Hella tender and lots of fat content.. ;) The desserts with their cupcakes, ice cream, cakes, cookies and The Cotton Candy was a pretty nice touch as well.. My daughters favorite.
Came here for their dinner buffet.. . If you want to skip the lineup, go for dinner before 1730.  Our wait was less than 10 minutes.  As we sat in, the waiting area magically filled up completely.. . The decor and ambience are decent, but it looks like any other mid-end restaurant down there, right down to the TVs placed at strategic spots showing sports.  Hey, if you can't draw customers in for the breathtaking atmosphere.. can't really blame them though, as this venue is actually in the basement of the building.. . Yes, the variety in terms of ethnicities is probably among the better buffets in the Harrah's chain, but the food here is mediocre to be honest.  Maybe I was just spoiled as I had hit the Bacchanal (Caesar's) first, followed by Le Village (Paris) before this, but I felt the food was honestly nothing special, especially compared to food back home (Vancouver).  Yes you can get Mexican or Asian here, but overall I found the quality lacking.  The meats were often dry, and several of the dishes were quite bland.. . Food is food, but if you are crunched for time, I would recommend going elsewhere for a buffet.
The food was pretty good for an American buffet. Yes, I say American because even though there were different "countries and styles" they did not feel ethnic enough. . . Yes I'm that picky ;P. My family got there early on a Saturday around 6-7, the line wasn't too bad then, but later on....ehh. . . The most interesting and colorful display was the desserts. It had a crapload of cupcakes, cotton candy, ice cream, and those key desserts on separate plates. The cupcakes were the only things I was disappointed in, they have so many! they look so good! But the red velvet didn't taste that great :(. . If that Groupon did not exist, I don't know if I would be able to eat here and not feel bad for my wallet!
I'd say a fair MEH. Came for lunch buffet. Not sure worth it.. . some hit or miss items. Descend the escalator in PH
A-OK. . No real complaints with this buffet.  Paid about half price with a groupon and didn't leave hungry.  . . Food was pretty standard Vegas Buffet fare.... crab legs, prime rib, Asian, Mexican, Italian.  Nothing really stood out but the unlimited drinks were never empty.  . . While I don't go to buffets for the ambiance this place was lacking.  Kind of a basement like funk with low lights and some random movie posters here and there.  If you are going to go for a theme at least go over the top like the Paris buffet.
Are you staying at this hotel? . Did you buy the Buffet of Buffets pass?. Are you a huge Dune nerd who loves anything called Spice?. . If you answered "no" to these three questions, then move along. There is nothing to see here. It is a very standard, very boring, very unexceptional buffet. There is no possible reason you should choose this buffet over the dozens of other options in Vegas. It's 2 Stars.. . Add an extra star if you are staying at the hotel, because hey, it's close.. . Add an extra star if you bought the buffet of buffets pass and you've already eaten at Le Village over at Paris and both buffets over at Rio and the one at Harrah's is just too far to walk right now and besides you already paid for it so it doesn't cost you any extra so you may as well eat here anyway because your pass runs out in a couple hours.. . Add an extra star if you are the type of person who randomly screams "Muad'Dib!!!!" any time you happen across the word "Spice".. . For me, it was 3 stars. I will let you guess as to why.
I came for a late lunch at 2:30. I paid the lunch buffet price and got the dinner food since they roll over to dinner at 3:30. Awesome!
I actually like this place. It's a buffet but it isn't rink a dink like a sister property a few resorts down.  I honestly was pleased with everything I ate. Lot's to choose from.  They had Mediterranean, mexican, italian, chinese and american.  (from what I remember).   . . I mean you can't expect the ribs to be smoked for 12 hours and made with an amazing rub...  it's not a rib place.  It's decent ribs prepared in a manner that's cost effective. As for the rest of the food.  It's good.  It's not the best stuff on earth but it's good.. . The one area I wasn't too crazy about was their chinese food. . . I really enjoyed their dessert section: too much to choose from.. . I left uncomfortably stuffed!!. . What made this extra sweet was the groupon deal I got. It saved me alot of money and included alcohol.  pretty awesome.. . My big and only gripe was the way in which you are sat.  It's like...  torture almost.  You stand there in line...  pay for your buffet... then stand some more while the hostess seats you.  The place wasn't that packed either so it blew my mind at how long it took for us to be seated.  . . Thats the only reason I can't give a 4 star experience.
The main reason I decided to try out the Spice Market Buffet was because there was a Groupon with a great deal. For $45 my boyfriend and I could eat at the buffet AND get unlimited drinks (alcohol included, OH YEAH!). Since our stomachs were empty and the deal was the right price, we decided to go for it. . . Upon arriving, we had to wait in line for about 25 minutes or so. It was about standard for any Vegas buffet. While in line, our mouths were watering as we read the different summer time options they had on the board.. . Sadly, this place proved to be like majority of the buffets I decide to try on the strip that are not Bacchanal or Wicked Spoon. The food selection was decent, but half of it just did not look appealing. The kabobs looked a little charred and burnt, the pasta had an off taste to it..it just wasn't what I was expecting.. . The only thing saving and adding an extra star to this place would have to be the crab legs. The crab legs they have contain a lot more meat then the crab legs at other places. By the end of the night, I was content with just eating those.. . Would I come here again? Probably not, unless I was craving nothing but crab. In my opinion, save your money and go somewhere better.
I bought the groupon for this buffet and after eating here I can honestly say I'm glad we didn't pay full price.  . . It was very busy for a Tuesday night (we waiting in the line for the register for almost an hour, then in the line to be seated for another 20 minutes or so).  The food was pretty standard for a regular buffet, not one of the really high quality Vegas buffets.  I was a little disappointed.  The counters were dirty (not surprising since there were so many people there) and the food was a little scarce too.. . An ok deal if you get the groupon and have the time to wait.
My husband bought a Groupon for $45, which included 2 buffets and unlimited drinks. It took us about an hour to finally get seated. This was disappointing as we watched patrons leave with the tables getting cleared after 10-15 minutes. I would think they would be rushed to get people in as we crowded the entire lower level and registers... . . Everything we smoothly after getting seated. Our waitress took our drink order and brought them out promptly. The buffet was set up nicely; they have stations that serve different types of food, like most buffets. I liked everything I tried, which is rare for me. The food was of decent quality and I didn't feel like I was eating cafeteria food. They had varieties of Mexican, Middle Eastern, Italian, All-American, and Seafood stations, as well as salads and desserts. I would recommend trying the Mexican food; it was my favorite station. . . The desserts were great also, my favorites beings the Boston cream cupcake and the bread pudding. However, while they had a lot of cupcake flavors to try, that was pretty much all they had, lacking in overall dessert variety. For the price we paid, I thought it was worth it and would come again. I recommend getting in a little early for dinner to avoid waiting in the long line.
It's not my favorite buffet when I'm here in Vegas but if it's free I'll go.
Nice dessert, love the ham, seafood area is disappointing, about 15 mins to start your food including line up to pay, get to seat, not bad for Tuesday lunch.
This was our first meal as a married couple so wanted something close to the room for well...ya know lol...anyway...it was noon when we arrived and much to our suprise the food was a little cold so notified staff...after getting back home I decided to call the SMB to let them know of my experience...they apologized and offered a comp meal for me an my new husband for when we come back...I thought that was very nice.
I don't know what happened- this used to be a pretty good buffet, but this time around it was obvious that it was lacking in quality. Mediocre choices and food. 3 stars because with the groupon it was still a good deal and still got really full, but unfortunately I'll probably be skipping this one from now on.
This one is our fav of the buffet of buffets. It's got a lot of food and easy to reach especially when we stay at Planet Hollywood too. The servers are fast and nice.
We showed up here exactly when they opened for lunch at 3pm on a Saturday.  There was about a 20 minute wait. Excellent: crab salad, prime rib, asparagus,  veggie egg roll, mint chocolate cupcake with chocolate ganache filling, chocolate mousse with some kind of apple topping and whipped cream. I would definitely come back for these items. My mouth is watering just thinking about them. There were probably 10 or 12 cupcake flavors like red velvet, s' mores, and oreo--perfect if you have always wanted to try all those crazy flavors from Cupcake Wars. We noticed one customer was upset that there was no cake...I think they just needed some guidance.. . I tried several more additional food items and they were fine, but really not remarkable. The other people I was with had the unlimited beer and wine. Beer ranged from Miller to Corona and Sam Adams. Comments on the wine were not so favorable.
We had the breakfast buffet during our midweek stay at PH. There was no line to get in, and it wasn't very crowded. There was plenty of good quality food. It is a big room, so the buffet is spread out. (But food is grouped .... fruit here, cereals there, pancakes/waffles, etc.) So my husband totally missed the fruit section, where they have the smoothies. And, he missed the hostess's instructions that a server would be around to bring drinks. So when he saw the fridge full of alcohol and water bottles he thought that was it and innocently tried to grab a bottle of water. He was immediately scolded and embarrassed by a manager who came shooting across the room to announce there would be a charge for the water. Use more tact here, he's not a criminal.  As far as buffets go, this is your average run of the mill one. Nothing to warn you about, nor really praise. Oh... The music level is a little loud. But we experienced that a lot in Vegas. Weird.
I want to give Spice Market 3.5 stars, unfortunatelyyelp does not let me.. . If you want to get a solid dinner, this is great deal with a Groupon and you probably won't find anything comparable for the price in Vegas. The buffet was solid, mediterranean station in particular. Several lamb dishes where great, however the leg of lamb was just not prepared well. The selection is excellent, but only some of the dishes on the buffet are truly good. Crab salad was phenomenal btw.. . Don't expect this to be comparable to Wynn, Bellagio, Ceasar's Palace or Paris buffets, but it gives a solid rival to Monte Carlo and Mandalay Bay. There is crab legs and they are cracked, which makes it nice and easy.
Came here for dinner to start off my Buffet of Buffets gluttony fest since this buffet opens that latest. No line at 930pm. They are open till 11pm and dinner is $30. It wasn't as good as I remembered it to be. I've eaten here many times before... but years ago. They have crab legs for dinner... but it's cold. However, later I saw people asking for it steamed, so I guess you can get it warmed up as well. The prime rib here was good - tender and juicy. The variety of food is not as vast... but food is not bad.  I guess many places are copying Wicked Spoon and doing small individual portions because they had some items served like that here. The fried rice, fried chicken, and shrimp cocktail I got were in individual servings. I thought the fried rice was pretty good and that the Asian selections did taste "Asian" lol. They had Asian chicken wings... and they did taste like how I marinade them at home. The BBQ pork buns were quite good as well but very soft! The bun falls apart very easily! The fried chicken was also juicy and tasty. . . I was not too big on the desserts here... but they do have a large selection of cupcakes! However, the cupcakes are typical size cupcakes, so it makes it harder to try more flavors. I like mini-cupcakes because you can try more. I also got a crepe, but the crepe itself is pre-made. They warm it up and fill it with whatever you want. if you want good FRESH made crepes, the Paris buffet is the way to go. . . I would eat here again if I was doing the buffet of buffets deal... but probably not if I was paying full price for the buffet itself. Even though dinner is over at 11pm, I believe you can still eat till 1130 or so... at least that's what I heard the guys saying at the table next to me. They came in at 1045pm.
The food they had was average enough on this Thanksgiving day trip.  We arrived around 1045 for the 11-11 special buffet, expecting a line.  Surprisingly there was no line and we were allowed to be seated paying only the breakfast buffet price.  This was the saving grace considering that we learned shortly thereafter that despite the ad for this special buffet clearly stating the inclusion of crab legs, they did not inform anyone that this menu item wasn't served until 3pm.  Anyone unfortunate enough to arrive at say 1130 wouldn't get that option but would pay the exact same price as those who arrived later in the day.  Seems like a stipulation that should be stated in any ad as crab was the big draw for us on this trip.
Nina! Nina! Nina! We absolutely loved our waitress Nina. She kept the mimosas and water flowing to the table and she was extra friendly. She made us feel like part of the family. She's been through the series of name changes for the hotel but still enjoys her job. Just don't interfere with her breaks lol. Nina gets 5 stars the food gets the 3 stars. . . Food: Blah. The same lunch selection and the selection was just average. Nothing to remember or even review about. We only ate there twice because we were staying at Planet Hollywood.
Mediocre buffet. I decided to give this place a shot, wanting something a little more casual/less upscale. The food offerings fit the bill but the taste didn't. Most items on my plate were either cold within a minute or tasted like they sat too long under the heat. They have different food stations (American, Mexican, Italian, etc. ) and a dessert station. The stations could've had more offerings from each, they seemed limited to 4-5 main courses and sides. Dessert was meh, nothing to die for. I've had better meals at my local Golden Corral. Dine at your own risk!
The food at the Spice Buffet was adequate, but not anything to write home about. The crab legs were steamed but not warm. The middle eastern fare was just ok. They had salad stations for each region. The rib steak was really quite rare. The  italian buffet fell short big time. Pasta was of low quality.  If I could, I would give this buffet  2 and one half stars. Def not a smorgasbord. Food was average. It was in my estimation a littlebetter than the Bellagio which I feel is extremely overrated!
Prime dinner time you are looking at an hour and half wait in long lines.  Not bad since the people behind us came from Ceasers because the line was 6 hours, 6 hours for a buffet!!! CRAZY.  Options here are not huge compared to other buffets but its not bad.  Middle Eastern food is great.  The crab and prime rib were really good.  Salad bar is very weak.  If you like cupcakes, the dessert bar will be your favorite.
