3.5... . . Came here for brunch around 1030a and the line was out the door! We waited about 20 mins for a table.. . Ambiance was weird... It was pimped out!!! HAHAHA There are actually trees (fake) inside the restaurant, comfy booths and a diner bar.. . Our server, Kathleen, was excellent-and from what I overheard-she has been there for years.. . We ordered: . -Coffees ($3): Big cups and French Vanilla creamer. Always topped off.. -Garden Omelet [custom] ($13). -Lorraine Omelet ($13.20). Total was $40 with tip.. . Portions were very generous, and came with a couple sides. I opted for the hash browns and English muffin. I couldn't finish half my entree and I was hungry! Hash browns had a little burnt taste to it, but no biggie - I stuck to my veggie omelet.. . There's ample FREE parking in the back, which is convenient given LV. Would recommend coming here at least once. Big ups for it being 24 hours!
Fun place to eat,good waiter service,great spot location....specially when u are starving and have no time to waist looking for something...:)
Away from the 24 hour buzz of the casinos and entertainment parks that occupy the strip you'll find the Peppermill Restaurant.... This place is a landmark and an excellent venue to escape the entertainment complex and enjoy a quality meal with a little 1960's charm. The female staff here are a bunch of old Vegas retiree dancers that wear tiny jumpers and shiny tights! (bow chica wow wow!) It's also got a kind of jungle decor to it, plus all kinds of shiny mirrors and neon lights - quite tacky. The food is great with enormous servings that can easily be shared between 2 and sometimes possibly 3 people. A good variety of breakfast choices 24/7. You'll definitely hit the food jackpot when eating here. Recommended to any Vegas visitor who want to enjoy a solid dining experience.
Like cone here late at night after a night of drinking!
The best thing about this place is the fact the portions are plenty big enough to share. Other than that, it's pretty typical. I wouldnt sit at the counter or near it though. It's pretty hot so we asked to move. We were accomodated pretty quickly though.
This place is so strange! A fireside lounge on one side and a diner-style restaurant on the other?! This review is for the restaurant only.. . The fake trees and flowers and colorful lights are a bit cheesy, but I really like it! Makes for beautiful pictures! There's also a guy coming around to the tables taking pictures trying to get you to buy them. They're super cute, but does anyone actually buy those?!. . The portions are HUGE HUGE HUGE. The two of us couldn't finish an omlette, a bowl of clam chowder, and a milkshake! Hell, we only finished half of it! We're big eaters too x_x I don' remember which omlette we ordered, but it had a lot of meat and it was okay at first but pretty sickening after a while. The vanilla shake was good. It's the thick kind, which usually isn't my thing. Clam chowder was way too salty and just not good. I think a can of Campbell's Chunky clam chowder is 100x better! . . I think the Peppermill would be a perfect late night filler, but I don't think I'd come here again unless I was seeking out drunk food.
It's a perfect place to go after a night on the strip. The decorations are slightly eccentric, but the people are great and the portions are large. I definently recommend the waffles. :)
We went there for breakfast on our way out of Vegas. We waited forever. But the wait was worth it! The food was great. Totally hit the spot. I had the pancakes and bacon and sausage and eggs! Totally yummy. The coffee andhot chocolate comes in huge mugs, which is sort of different from your regular diner. . . Service is decent and prices aren't too bad, portions are huge, so be careful what you order because it's a ton of food. The decor is cute, 50's style with lit up booths and plants and lights everywhere. Definitely Vegas-like.  Worth trying for sure.
Cheesy as heck, but kid friendly with quick service! Excellent buffalo wings, southwestern chx salad not so much! Drinks were good but more expensive than they needed to be.
Meh.  Grabbed a couple drinks at the Fireside Lounge after walking through the Sahara (one last time) with a friend.  I guess we were making it a cheesy old Vegas kind of night.  . . Weird mix in that the lounge feels like it used to be a strip club, while the diner looked slightly nicer than your typical Denny's.  At least the 2 are separated by a glass door.  The couches in the lounge are cool and it one of those places were you could relax with your girl around the faux fire for a couple hours with drinks and just veg out.  Drinks were nothing to write home about.. . Not sure I'll be back anytime soon tho; this place was just a bit too cheesy.
This place has Fab decor. It has that old vtg vegas feel that just makes you smile. The food is very good and comes in enormous portions, I ordered eggs and had to take half of it home! It is worth the trip and the parking is so easy..  My only complaint is the seating is not made for us curvy folk, anyone with a big bottom may need to ask for a chair. The tables are screwed into the floor and have minimal movement. They need a few bigger seating areas. Not size friendly but awesome otherwise..  Skip the lousy buffets and enjoy this place!
Nice pit but be prepared to wait! And wait! And wait...The food proportions are really large, so bring your appetite. We had a burger, philly, pancakes, and benedict. Everything was good, a little bland nothing extraordinary, in terms of taste. I had the burger and thought it was fair.. I have been there twice and both times suffered through the wait and could not take anything with me, being I don't live in Vegas...But it was my last time...give it a shot if you don't mind waiting they have slot machines and a small bar with a firepit...
Very nostalgic eatery.  Nothing fancy ...more like a modified Denny's.  But I had the country steak which was good and service was great.  Definitely affordable and wide selection of food for your pleasure.  Fireside lounge next door looks like a former strip bar...but it's good place to kick back, get some drinks and view one of their many LCD TV's with current and past programing on.  A must visit at least once in your life.
Food was good but wow way over priced!!!!!! 5 bucks for an orange juice WTF is up with that..... I can get the same thing for half the price at Denny's thank you very much..
Ok, just to make sure you all understand, this place is on the earth solely for the purpose of helping you shovel the largest amount of food possible into your stomach. My omelette was about the size of a football.. . Tasty, though.
I really want to like this place more but the service is hit and miss. The food is good, but nothing great. It's so mediocre I don't care to write more. . . That said, it's worth a trip to see the history.
i came here for the brunch...the place was quite unique...i like their fireside lounge because of the design and i have never seen before..the food was average..i ordered the egg bennedict and the joe special something..... . CONCLUSION = RECOMMENDED!!
This place brings back fond memories for me. When I was a kid, my dad and all his guy friendswould meet for breakfast at the Peppermill the first or last Saturday of the month. It was my first experience of being out with the guys, feeling cool and I wish I could bring back those days. . . I'm here to say that it hasn't changed all that much. The waitresses are still wearing shiny nylons, but they are a lot younger than I remember, which is definitely a good thing. The food is good, the portion sizes are GIANT and you could easily order breakfast and share it with another friend or significant other. . . The service here was very good. Coffee cups were never empty, our waitress checked with us numerous times throughout the meal and they even had a cute gal come around and take your picture, which obviously means she comes back 12 minutes later while you have hash browns and eggs all over yourself asking "Wanna buy your photos? 2 for $29.99 or one for $14.50.") That's not such a bargain hun.. . Peppermill is a much better option that the hotel buffet, which at the Wynn (where we always stay) would have been roughly $35 a piece.
I don't really understand the hype of this place. The interior is dark and dingy (borderline tacky) and the food isn't all that great.. . Usually when you are slightly intoxicated everything tastes GREATTTT, however when I took a bite into my steak it was just meh.. . I really don't know what else to say other then I didn't find the food or atmosphere all that special.
Time warp back to the 1970's and enjoy large portions of mediocre food.  The Peppermill is best visited slightly buzzed and before noon (all the best drinking takes place before lunch).  This place serves food that is on par with Denny's, but I love the interior and the service.. Huge menu, comical clientele and you can actually feel like you are in LV, not Disneyland or some uber resort in Dubai.  Hell yes it is tacky, and that's the god damn way it is supposed to be.  Haven't been inside the lounge, just the restaurant side for breakfast type meals and early morning drinking.
i came here expecting to be disappointed. as another patron put it ".. this place looks like a strip club!" . . i ordered the conquest sandwich and it was surprisingly tasty. can't really go wrong with roast beef, cheddar, bacon, and peppers. the bread had a nice flavor too! onion rings were piping hot and crispy. the price was very reasonable by vegas standards and the service was decent. i'll definitely be back!!
This review is about Fireside Lounge, NOT the Peppermill restaurant.. . The staff: Our waitress was friendly.  It seemed like we bothered her a bit at first because we kept moving around, but she warmed up to us in the end.  One of my friends knew the manager so she came by and helped us out too.  We didn't wait too long for anything, and we had an endless supply of beer nuts.  Everyone seemed pretty chill.  No need to impress or go above and beyond; just very casual and relaxed.  All the waitresses wore long "gowns-could-be-a-homecoming-dress".  I thought it was a nice touch.  I mean, why not right?. . The goods:  I'm not a heavy drinker, I just had a couple beers.  There was a complaint that the beers weren't cold so the manager put some on ice for us before she brought them out.  I had a sip of my friend's margarita on the rocks and that was pretty tasty.  Another friend ordered nachos.  They weren't bad.  It was really dark, but I'm almost positive there was mozzarella cheese on them.  Different, but not bad.  I don't think many people come for the food, and if you do, you'll  probably be disappointed.  . . The atmosphere: This is why Fireside has a reputation.  Firepit surrounded by water, bubbled by jets.  It's like Satan's jacuzzi.  We sat in the pit for a little bit, but there were quite a few of us so we ended up moving to a different booth.  The booths are comfortable, squishy, and I liked the throw pillows.  Lots of "greenery", helps make some of the booths more private.  I requested that we stay in a booth that was somewhat well lit and very public, Lord knows what happens in those private booths.  This is a pretty cool place, not pretentious at all.  We ended up swapping stories of previous visits to Fireside.  If you're skittish or conservative, I would recommend coming early in the evening or not at all.  This place gets pretty diverting in the late hours.  The pimps and their girls will come in and have their cocktails, and if you're lucky, there'll be a mild drug exchange going on in a booth next to you.  A lot of the transvestites frequent this joint too...I think because the lighting is almost nonexistent (jk).  They're really friendly, so be prepared to converse with strangers.  Every now and again some famous someone or other will drop in too.  Again, probably because of the lack of lighting, so they can enjoy some privacy.  There are TVs everywhere and we enjoyed the old-school to not so old-school music they played.  The Beach Boys are getting ollllllllllld, but still so lovable.  I think this is a place for an older crowd, but a fresh pup with an open mind could probably really enjoy it.. . We went for my going away party and I'm not disappointed.  We had a good time and we didn't bother anyone with our volume.  I would recommend this place for a casual get-together, but not if you're looking for a sit down dinner.  If you just want a place to chill, relax and shoot the shit, Fireside Lounge is a good spot.  Just be aware of your location and understand that anything can happen.  I mean seriously, it's Vegas.
When I asked the driver to take us to a place near the LV Convention Center for breakfast, I naturally assumed he'd drop us off at the nearest Denny's. Instead, he brought us to Peppermill, a throwback diner with a strip club feel. When we walked in, I couldn't decide if I was looking at a scene from National Lampoon's Vegas Vacation or a Tarantino film.. . The decor was straight from the 70s with fake hanging plants and booths wrapped in hot pink and blue neon lights (hence the strip club feel).  The patrons were equally colorful on a weekday morning.. . The food was good old Americana. Huge portions and decent prices. $11.50 for 3 eggs, 3 big sausage links, really crispy tasty hash browns, and toast. Coffee mugs were latte size, so you didn't have to wait around for a refill (a plus if you're a caffeine addict like me) which was good because although the server was friendly, she rarely stopped to check on us. Our table was the only table that didn't have regular sugar packets, which we didn't notice that until AFTER we used what we assumed was sugar from the container on the table. It was sugary (red, white, blue pellets) and left a candy like floaties in my coffee. I kept waiting for the hallucinations to start, but ultimately no harm done. . . Overall, it's nothing spectacular, but I love finding new spots and taking in the local color (neon and all). Worth a stop if you're hungry and  on that end of the strip.
After seeing the reviews on Yelp and wanting a good chuckle, I was determined to eat at the Peppermill. After a L-O-N-G night of drinking and a bottle of whiskey later, we decided that the Peppermill was a good place to cure the hangover before we hit the road to go home. The food was just alright. I had the beef dip sandwich and fries. The man had the pancake special. Holly be-jezus...the pancakes were HUGE! I do have to give a shout out to our waiter although I didn't catch his name. He was super attentive and on his A-Game. Kudos. The decor is a throwback of the 70's, which is super cheezy but like I said, good for a laugh. Would I eat here again? Maybe...especially to soak up all the liquor from the night before.
The Taxi driver recommended to try this out. Cute place to try, nice decorations, unique but wasn't that impressed with the food I ordered. and you know its ALL about the food... Ordered the combo with sausages, eggs and pancakes. Pancakes are very big, comes with 3. Barely finished half of it.  Food was just Okay... worth a try just to see what its was all about...But probably wont be back.
Walked in around 10am and was seated right away.  20mins later...there was a line out the door. crazy!. . Food: Overall the food portions were huge.. 1. Waffle - Huge portion with butter on top.  Nothing special.  Just a waffle.. 2. French Toast - 6 slices of toast.  nothing spectacular. 3. Veggie Omelet - The ingredients were great but the omlet itself did not hold up well meaning they added to much liquid (water, milk...i dunno what it was). . Overall, the food isnt very expensive but the portions are huge.  It did lack a lot of flavor but it wasn't horrible.  It would be hard for me to recommend this place for food.  . . I would recommend the lounge.  It was actually pretty nice but weird at the same time.  Diner on 1 side and a sexy hot lounge on the other.
Be sure to share your plate, the portions are like Cheesecake
was quite disappointed at first because they only have ONE fireside pit. I thought this place would have many since that's what they do advertise to consumers. Second, wasn't a big fan of the laid back ambiance. Wanted something more upbeat.. . Other than that, this is a great place to go to if you want to get away from all the clubs and strip bars on the strip. It's very relaxing - comfy & large couches, chill music, and good drinks. I ordered the scorpion and it comes in a huge bowl mixed with various alcohols!
Peppermill, ah peppermill. Not quite sure what kind of a theme they were going for here, but it definitely screams tacky. . . The menu is reminiscent of much pricier Denny's or Norm's, but the sizes are at least considerably larger.  . . Service is just alright, nothing to write home about. In fact I think the waitress forgot my friend's eggs. Eggs, how do you forgot eggs when it's the most common denominator in each menu item. . . I ordered chicken fried steak and eggs, and split that with my buddy who got ribs. Yep ribs. So many it isn't just a glorified denny's after all. . . Oh and who needs alcohol when you can get a tall cup full of hot cocoa with a heaping shitton of whipped cream. Hmmmmmm whipped cream on top of more whipped cream.. . The chicken fried steak was decent, eggs and taters were done well. The ribs were disappointing. Meat wasn't tender at all and it was swimming in bbq sauce. Probably to mask that concrete-textured meat. And it came with fried rice. Like chinese style fried rice. What the heck was going on with that?. . I was told the eggs benedict were good. I can't comment cause I'm generally not a fan, and therefore didn't bother to try it.  I also didn't get to check out the highly acclaimed club part of the diner. LOL. Firepits and loveseats.  Maybe I'd give it a higher rating if I had checked that area out.. . Bottomline, not bad for late eats, but a bit heavy on the wallet.
Walking into the Peppermill is like walking into an alternative universe. It has the old school Vegas feel with the neon lights. The food is diner food with big portions. The boyfriend and I had a burger and a caprese appetizer for lunch and pretty much didn't eat for the rest of the day. I wouldn't come expecting great food but it's a place to stop for drinks and to take in the atmosphere.
For me, the Peppermill was just ok.  Maybe it was my choice in food, maybe it was the fact I was about to go get a tattoo, and that was on my mind, but either way, this place didn't WOW me.  Happened upon this joint based on a recommendation from a co-worker.  We went on Valentine's Day for lunch.  Loved the decor- the funky old school vibe was neat.. . The coffee was big and excellent.  We shared the tomato soup which was surprisingly cheesy and very good.  In addition, we shared a chicken balsamic sandwich, which was fine, but nothing special.  The onion rings it came with were good, but nothing different than your typical onion ring.  The service was just so-so... had to ask a couple times for water, but it was super busy so that was understandable.. . Basically, not sure if I will go back again- maybe to check out the fireside lounge, but for me it really didn't rock my world.
Decent diner fare in ample portion, though desperately overpriced (e.g., $7.50 fruit cup).  My chorizo & eggs was delicious.  Best time to go is what anywhere besides the Las Vegas Strip would consider normal weekday breakfast hours (e.g.,Monday 7:30am).  Otherwise, can be quite a wait.
Me and my aunt came here while visiting vegas and wanted to eat at this location, now it's really weird for me when I went in here, because everything is PURPLE!!!, the food was OK, not the best we ever had, but just OK, the servers wear clothes like the women wear clothes in the RIO on the casino floors, I would personally never come here again because of the food, not worth it to me. needs improvement on the food part, but the servers are SUPER friendly. I give 5 stars on the customer service.
We came here for a late dinner last night. I was pleased to find out that they served breakfast all day.  I had pancakes, eggs over easy, bacon and sausage.   My husband had chicken fried steak, eggs over easy and hashbrowns and a bagel.  Serving sizes are huge and things are overpriced.   Our waitress wasn't great and not very attentive. I felt like she kept forgetting about us.   For food alone, I would have given them a 4 but the service is why I gave them a 3.  The decor in this place is hilarious.
This place is pricey, service is hit or miss no matter if they are busy or not, and ambience is retro disco 70's ish. They are open 24 hours which can be either really good or really bad depending on how you look at it. Food is decent. The three stars are for their large portions. If im gonna spend 10 bucks for a burger and fries or 24 bucks for a steak, it better be decent and it better be able to fill me up. . . Other than that, Denny's would be a good choice if you wanna save some money and get pretty much the same results. I wasnt too impressed my only visit here. I guess it would be one of those once in while places to eat. Definitely would not take anybody here unless they insist and are in possession of large amounts of cash.
All I can say is, whoa, what the hell was this place?  . . We roll in around 11:00 AM on a Saturday for a late breakfast, but the line is out the door.  My buddy suggests we grab a cocktail in the lounge while we wait.  What the heck, it's Vegas, right?. . We roll into the lounge and all of the waitresses are wearing full length evening gowns, there is techno music playing, and the dimly lit lounge is lined with mirrors on all the walls and adorned with thousands of silk flowers, wines and plants.  Do I love it or do I hate it?   Cutting edge or tacky?  I'm still not sure.. . Why three stars?  Well, in the end, the caipirinha I ordered was too sweet and not lime-y enough, and the sandiwch I ordered at lunch was just ok.
Great big portion size. Little pricey for diner food but it had all the basics and amuzing disco interior decor to make you chuckle. This area of the strip lacks in good food options so this was a good choice considering the Rivieras sad food court next door.
I really wanted to like this place. I loved the multi-colored sugar on the table, the kitschy decor, and even the huge portions, which are typical for diner establishments, but the food just wasn't that good even under the influence of alcohol.. . The Peppermill is considered to be a LV institution with extremely kitschy decor (think of fake trees, neon lights and vinyl wrap-around booths). It's right across the street from Circus Circus, giving it somewhat of a creepy vibe at night. This area of the strip just feels dead now. . . My review is based mainly on the food, which was surprisingly lackluster. I expected it to be at least better then IHOP, but it reminded me of Denny's. I ordered a cheeseburger that was pretty greasy and my friend's salad was made out of iceberg lettuce with huge piles of fruit that looked unappetizing. My sweet potato fries were okay, but tasted like they were previously frozen.. . I would have given it a higher rating, but I expect diners to have good "junk food." I think The Peppermill may be better for breakfast, and it's definitely worth a stop if you are interested in Vintage Las Vegas. Also noteworthy is procuring a bag of multi-colored sugar (yes, they do sell it at the register)!
Ehh.. food is just okay..
This place came with a great deal of hype (I am talking about the kind of hype one experiences in Los Angeles only to find that it is incredibly mediocre) that being said it is better than mediocre. My burger and "Famous" Onion Rings were good. The big thing that this place has going for it is the decor; low-lit neon, I give it a 9 out of 10 on the "Groovy Scale". Most certainly worth a look. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Good stuff but I am a local so I am a bit bias about my food and places.  I will not be back for food (dinner) it was good but I can get the same for cheaper in a local spot.  I think if you are a tourist it is totally worth it for the cool ambiance the lighting is sparkly  and fun, the restaurant is dimly lit anding to all the glittering lights and trees surrounding you.  Big oval booths add to the fun 70's 80's ish feel.  . . I had a huge burger Ciabatta Pesto Burger Flame-broiled burger could taste the flame in the food.  Mozzarella cheese, fresh basil instead of lettuce a nice touch, red onions some were hard and not good so I had to pick them off, tomato, Prosciutto (prosciutto was old and hard had to pick that off as well) and pesto (lots almost to much pesto) sauce on a ciabatta the bun was awesome.  All burgers come with the choice of french fries, onion rings or potato salad (I had onion rings pretty awesome as far as onion rings go ;). . I do think however I would come back for some late night drinks in the bar area they are really cool looking and the setting, fire pits and appetizers are pretty good I hear!  That is why they are getting 3 stars instead of 2 because the ambiance and bar is I think the highlight of any locals trip!  I wish my food would have all been fresh and I wouldn't of had to pick so much off I would have liked to have added a star to my review.
This visit to The Peppermill was about a year in the making as an out of town friend had given it 2 thumbs up & suggested we meet there. So I had alot of time to review the extensive menu which covers pretty much the full gamet of what you'd find at a Dennys (Breakfast, Sandwhiches, steaks, fish, burgers, deserts & Full Bar) but more Upscale.. . I had also viewed several Youtube videos, one which featured the Mammoth "SCORPION" Cocktail ($20) & that pretty much sealed the deal on what I was going to have to drink. The Scorpion came just as it was shown on the vid and was very good wt no hint of any liquor at all which was strange because if you look up the recipe its loaded with alcohol. I am a vodka drinker and I'm guessing it was the 151 in the mix that had me done drinking anything else & sweating bullets towards the end of the visit. It packs a punch.. . The Bartender in the Fireside Lounge was very freindly & had a good sense of humor especially when I pretended to have poked my eye out on the long straw that came with the drink and demanded someone call Personal Injury Attorney Glenn Lerner. The Bartender immediatly offered up some scissors to cut the straws to a shorter more manageable length.My accomplice had a glass of White wine ($9.50).. . After conversation over our drinks and very hungry, we went into the main dining room and were immediatly seated in a nice out of the way booth in the back that was big enough for a group of 4 so we had pleanty of room to spread out and make ourselves comfortable.. . I ordered the 1/2 order of Nachos wt Chicken ($16) and my Partner in Crime had a salad, Shrimp, and steamed green beans ($20) which looked very good and she had no complaints. The Nachos on the other hand were somewhat of a dissappointment. I have definatly had better. The quantity was overwhelming & in fact wt my huge cocktail, could not finish them. My complaint was they had been covered wt white cheese & baked in the oven and the end result was a concrete textured layer covering them. Also there was very little sign of any chicken whatsoever, though we did find a few small pcs upon a close inspection.. .  The Nacho's were served wt 2 small cups of sour cream, a chedder cheese sauce & salsa all on the side and was pretty sparse on the other ingredients advertised - tomatoes, blk olives, jalepenos & onions. My expectations were more of a zesty, loose array of all advertised ingredients as I am accustomed  Sort of like a Taco Salad, where one can build each chip as an individual h'orderve. The concrete texture, as well as the limited ingredients, prevented this. Still it was good, but I wouldnt order it again.. . The waitress, overall atmospere & company was very nice and based on my experience I would have no problem going back, or reccommending it to others. Go to youtube and see the various vids there. The breakfast dishes look very good as do the burgers. 3 out of 5.
Do not sit at the counter. Very slow service.. . Very generous portion sizes.. This place is pretty much a must brunch place if you go to Vegas.
LOD 9. . Hmmmm. . Late night - . Milk Shake, Biscuits n Gravy, Onion Rings - maybe not in one sitting but this is a great diner style spot where the food is good!
A local recommended Peppermill to my family on our recent trip to LV.  We went for brunch and found it was packed.  The neon lights made it look more like a strip club than a diner (I've never been to a strip club, I'm assuming from what I've seen on How I Met Your Mother...) We had about a 10 minute wait before we were seated- all of the staff were very friendly.. . I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap.  It was served with a massive amount of fries, but they had a funny taste (not sure what type of oil they use?).  My wrap had more tomatoes and lettuce than chicken, disappointingly..  My relatives ordered the french toast, which was a huge portion, and they really seemed to enjoy it.  Overall, an inexpensive place to eat with a variety of choices, but not a "top" restaurant by any means.
Huge portions. Country fried steak and eggs was good nice gravy and crispy fried steak. Service was slow.
This place should be called Disco Denny's. There's also a Denny's like a block from here.  The decor, neon lights everywhere, fire pits, waitress outfits, flamingo lights over the tables is something to behold.. . Portions are huge and prices are fare.  I ate here before for breakfast and enjoyed it much more than my last experience.. . Our waitress was slow to arrive.  Although they were not busy they sat us way way way in the back next to the family with screaming/hellbent children that were literally kicking glasses of water on the table. yeah kicking w/ their feet, why you ask? b/c they were standing on the table.  . . Notice there was some garbage items on the floor when we first got in there, later saw a guy sweeping them up. Looked at the menu, tried to decide on some real diner food. No grilled cheese on the menu?  No tomato soup?  Ordered the Gyro with fries, friend ordered a salad with a grilled cheese [they can make one]  and my veggie friend ordered the Caprese sandwich [she had some issues finding something to order and mentioned it wasn't very veggie friendly]. . Gyro arrived and it had this clumpy Tzatziki sauce on it made out of onions and something. It wasn't very good.  It was also very greasy.  I pushed some of the white slop off the top and ate the meat out of it.  The pita bread was soggie from the grease :(.  and it was also missing lettuce.  . . Everyone seemed to be ordering the sundaes.  Walked passed a guy who had his tennis shoes OFF and was eating his sundae, GROSS.. . I wasn't that impressed.
I went there for lunch because it was walking distance from the Springhill Suites. It was almost noon, but the place was packed with people, some of whom were drinking enormous cocktails. The cocktail waitress was scantily clad, and there was another woman with few clothes on offering to take pictures of couples and groups sitting at their banquettes. . . The service was fine. I had a "Cobb Salad," which was more like a chef's salad (no egg, no bleu cheese, but both turkey AND ham), but which was so large it came in something resembling a porcelain horse trough. I could only finish half of it and I felt bad about the waste of food. Total cost for my lunch, including my diet coke, was around $20. While this is more than I like to pay for lunch, I feel like I got my money's worth, between the dark-and-neon decor and the people-watching. If you are going to Las Vegas, go there once.
Pastrami Burger and Focaccia Sandwich. Very good.
3 stars for the decor, -1 star for the coke head waitress, -1 star for the horrible food.. . The decor, amazing. Really brings you back to the 80s Scarface style. Neon Lights, dark corners, and a huge fountain and fake trees galore. Really cool place to grab a drink afterhours.. . Now on to the waitress. This would have been funny if she didn't keep disappearing and we had to constantly go to the bar to get our drinks. several times she showed up to our table with a white powder substance on her nose. my friend who was a little on the drunk side cracked a joke to her about it and she just stared into space, I'm not even sure she knew what city she was in. I guess it makes for a good story now lol.. . The Food- oh man it was terrible. I was under the impression for whatever reason that they had amazing food there. But this certainly was not the case. We had the sampler with fried shrimp, mozzarella sticks, onion rings etc. Whatever batter they use to deep fry all of this was terrible. no flavor whatso ever. . . All in all i will go back simply just for drinks and the decor. It is one of the better late night places in town to just chill out.
With its flashy neon on the outside and its pink neon on the inside, this place oozes cheese, old timer vibes, and memories of Vegas yesteryears.  Amazingly, I did not see the ghost of Liberace which I kept looking for in the corner of the room.  How I managed to avoid this landmark for my seven years in this town is beyond me.. . This review is for the Fireside Lounge only.. . The bar was surprisingly busy, filled with a loud bachelorette party, couples lost in each other's eyes, and....a prostitute?  Definitely an interesting crowd.  It's more of a date spot, so if you are looking to meet people (other than prostitutes) you may want to think twice before coming here.. . The bartender looked irritated and wasn't friendly and I don't understand the long gowns they make the poor cocktail waitresses wear.  Drinks are a little overpriced considering this really isn't a part of the Strip where tourists hang out.  A beer and a vodka cranberry cost $13.. . I have to mention that the floor was FILTHY.  It looked like it hadn't been cleaned in about two weeks.  Bleh.. . The Fireside Lounge is a place that is trying to cling to its '70's heyday and I like it.  Vegas needs more old-school.  Now if only they can clean the floor and liven up the bartenders then I could see myself stopping by more often.
Huge portions at decent prices. Love the fact that Peppermill is open 24 hours. Now the prices are probably based on its location on the strip, which makes it convenient for post-club hopping.. . The interior is very retro like all diners should be but it could do without all the fake plants hovering over your food. It looked like it was regularly clean but let's hope it truly is.
There was a super long wait on Saturday morning. For all the hype, the food was ok, nothing crazy. The pancakes are ginormous and super dense. The sausage was really delicious, the bacon wasn't my fave. The inside felt like a darker, purpler Sizzler straight out of 1990. One more star just for having the sparkly fun and colorful rock crystal sugar in the sugar dispenser on the table.
I ordered a Belgian waffle which was good.  My sister ordered the chicken strips and fries.  Her plate was mainly filled with fries.  My friend ordered a milkshake and we wondered where her silver mixing cup was with the rest of the milkshake.  Our waitress was a bit on the slow side and she was not very polite.  The food was good, the service could have been better.  It was funny looking at all the different outfits the employees were wearing.
Everyone was super friendly. It took our waiter forever to come though. It was fine, they were packed so we were understanding. My daughter ordered a kids meal and I ordered an adult entree. My entree came with a chicken noodle soup. It was good. So good, that my daughter ate that and was full by the time her own food came out (which was a ridiculously huge portion by the way). I had the New york steak dinner with mashed potatoes and mushrooms. My mashed potatoes were awful. My mushrooms were too garlicky, unedibley garlicky and my steak was plain. Lucky for them that is how i like my steak because it has no flavor, none. my aunt had some kind of fusilli pasta with pancetta and tomatoes, which was very good. the best thing anyone at the table ordered actually. and it was way overpriced for what we got. I know the portions are huge, but i would have gladly had a smaller meal with a smaller price tag. half of our meal got tossed because we couldn't finish it anyway. live and learn.
Pepper mill is a-ok because of its attentive staff, obese portion sizes, and large local gathering. The food is ok, somewhat tasty but not orgasmic (kinda like buffet food).. . I had an omelette, and a chicken parm (on separate visits). Both were split between two hungry ppl and we still couldnt finish the food in front of us. The price was a bit expensive for the food quality: think of this place as an upgraded Denny's.. . Oh, the food quality soars when you come here in the wee hours, for whatever reason. Lol. It's open 24 hours, so enjoy!
Your standard diner. Huge portions, typical menu, comfy seating to reflect on your crazy Vegas adventures. The food isn't Michelin star quality, but you're probably looking for some drunchies anyway! It will be perfect. A little ways down the strip but worth the work getting there.
Diner type food, smoothe Technicolor interior. Excellent lounge in the back.
so there really should be two separate listings for the restaurant and the lounge because it's night and day. my friend chose this place to have a quick birthday dinner before a night on the town. the outside of this place looks very outdated and not classy at all. but based on the reviews and the location of this place, we decided to give it a try.. . inside is just as worse as it looks on the outside. its like a 1970's ate up the amazon forest and threw it up in here. decor is just horrible. we took a peak inside the Fireside Lounge and at least that part looked a lot better but unfortunately, they don't serve the full menu which was what most of the people in our party wanted. . . anyway, we were seated in a long booth for our party of 9, all facing the same direction which was really awkward so we asked to have a few extra chairs so that we could sit across from each other instead of sitting on a bench and having to yell like we were benchwarmers. luckily the servers were nice enough to let us do that even though we would be blocking the walk way. the menu was pretty extensive, but honestly, it's just like a typical diner. some of us ordered breakfast, some just a salad, some ordered sandwiches. none were spectacular. i shared the gyro sandwiches which came with a side of sweet potato fries for $12. it was OK. . . my review may sound pretty rough but i'll still give it 3 stars because it wasn't too horrible. it's just a glorified Denny's on the Vegas strip...even though that's STILL not saying much. at least the service wasn't bad.
This place is open all night which you would think there would be a plethora of all night places to choose from in Vegas, but where they are I don't know.  Despite many trips to Vegas this was the first time I actually went in and had some food. I had forgotten there was also a location in Reno. It does always appear to be popular at all hours. I did find that all the bright colors and decorations did a lot to brighten my mood at 3am. I enjoyed some very large bloody mary's but despite the size they don't particulary stand out. This is a nice benefit over the all night places like this where I live, but I guess that's just a matter of state law. I was pretty happy with my bruschetta though, which is something that is not often on menus. My boyfriend enjoyed his food too, which I can no longer recall what it was, but I remember there was enough left over for us to share with the homeless man outside. It was a lively atmosphere and I will probably try it out again in the future. Good service even in the early morning.
One of those "Vegas experiences", you know?  A real glitzy, bright light, colorful Vegas vibe.  The big round booths are comfortable.  You won't be too disappointed by the MASSIVE portions.  I mean, pancakes larger than a frisbee (but luckily very soft and fluffy).  But beware, these portions can't really be finished unless you're a serious eating machine (or you're sharing one meal with, like, four people), and you will pay for them.  VERY expensive for what's essentially "diner" food.  For the experience, I think it's worth it once. . . I like that the cocktail waitresses come by almost right after you sit down to see if you want spirits from the Fireside lounge.  The service is hit or miss.  For instance, if you say you need a "minute" to review the menu, be prepared to wait a lifetime for the server to come back.  . . There is a photographer that comes by to take a free souvenir photo of your party.  We got it one time and the last time we went, we were gone before they came back to give it to us.  . . Let the bright lights draw you in; enjoy the over-the-top decor and a decent meal.
Went here because everyone said it was the place to go.  Well we went for lunch, the food was ok. The environment was early 70's theme.  Nothing wrong with that, if that's what one is looking for.  Well, it seems it is the place to be for the lounge, not the restaurant part.  We did not go back to see what the lounge had to offer.  But if you are only going for the food, that's not what the rave is all about.  The staff was very nice and everything looked cleaned to me.  Next time we will go for the lounge experience , get drunk then tell you how it went.
This place is no better then a Denny's and they charge twice as much. Food wasn't good at all.
Walked in and couldn't believe the interior. Everyone says it's a must if your in Vegas so we went. I think that saying is just based on the weird interior. The food was solid but not out of this world. 24-hour availability also probably helps this place stay popular.
Biggest omelette I've ever seen.  Seriously, what's the deal with this five-egg monstrosity?  Even sharing it took two people two days to take that thing down.  I appreciate a large meal, but jeez.  The hash browns were great, not amazing.. . The decor is garish and horrible but very Vegas and endlessly fascinating, so I guess it gets a pass.  The place was packed, and it was a bit slow, but who knows if that's the norm.  Pretty traditional diner food.
Interesting decor, delicious mushroom and Swiss cheeseburger with sweet potato fries. It's somewhat overpriced for what it is. Service was fine; it didn't take too long to get cocktails or our food. . . It seems a bit overrated...maybe we'll try the Fireside Lounge part next time just for the atmosphere/drinks.
big portions. good for sharing. my corned beef hash wasnt that good - but other food ordered were ok.  it also said vegetarian friendly but there wasnt really that much options for a strict vegetarian in our party. also open 24 hours so its great for after shows/late dinner options....
Went here on a saturday morning with my husband and two old friends who had flown into Vegas 15 minutes prior, demanding brunch. After any buffet, Egg Works, and Hash House were all shot down for having too large of portion sizes, I finally sold them on the Peppermill, largely by promising them neon.. . Pros: .  - Damn tasty diner food and freely flowing cups of coffee. This is all I really ask for in a solid Brunch Experience. -Super friendly staff and prompt service, and no problems with slightly different orders and keeping coffee coming.. - The look on my friends' faces when they realized this place didn't have small portions either! Oh noes, mah dietz. I laughed and laughed and laughed/. . Cons:. - Long wait, really with no where to sit and wait. We hung out on a curb and were frequently asked if we needed a cab.. - Prices were a bit on the high side relative to the awesomeness of the food. Got the impression I was paying for the neon. Wasn't too bad, but also nothing to compose a sonnet over.. . Overall Verdict:. - Yummy classic diner food in a classically vegas atmosphere. Will return when hungover, or with out of town and unadventurous guests. Won't be on the favorites anytime list, but certainly not shabby.
Basic American style coffee shop. Perhaps my opinion is tainted a bit by the fact I viewed some things about food preparation which are not generally seen by most customers. Nevertheless the breakfast was good and in copious amounts. The wait staff worked very hard at delivering the various orders as expeditiously as possible.
When you've got the late night munchies and can't figure out where else to go... The Peppermill is open 24 hours. . . The location is a bit tricky and although it's right by Wynn, you'll need a taxi. . . It's a fun atmosphere with an old Vegas feel.. . I like that when looking at the menu, I'm reminded a bit of home with the typical diner menu choices as opposed to all of the fancy restaurant menus on the strip.. . We had a sampler appetizer of some sort that came with fried shrimp, onion rings and mozzerella sticks. Everything was pretty good.. . For my entree, I ordered the Ruben, which was huge and overflowing with fries. Just as everyone says, the portions are large. The Ruben was good. The Cheesesteak was also really good.. . Also had the Brownie Sundae which was yum and the Coffee was great. . . Really sweet and attentive waitress. . . I had an overall good experiencewith this place. Good food, good portions, good prices and good service. I don't know if I'd really go out of the way to go to this place though. The food is just average. If it was in my hometown, it'd be nothing special.
I don't care what people say, this place is the spot. They have some awesome pancakes! Mostly come here after a night out with friends. Although, it's been a while since I've been here, can't go wrong with this place. Drinks AND food at reasonable prices....
Ok, this is like taking a step back in time... like 1975!! The decor is waaaay outdated (but I think that's the appeal?) Apparently this place is famous (movies filmed here? celebrities eat here??) It's huge and tacky and the waitresses are old and the portions are BIG! Was it the best food I've ever had... no. Was it bad...no. Would I come back here... absolutely one night when I'm drunk and it's 2am!! It beats Denny's , that's for sure!. ps. The Fireside lounge is attached to the restaurant and is only open in the evening. I poked my head in to check it out... very dark, firepits, neon lights...looks like a groovy time!
7/5/13 Breakfast. . 3.5*  Unless you eat at McDonalds or a food court, there is no cheap meal in Vegas anymore, at least not on the strip. Prices for breakfast can be steep in the hotel restaurants. Peppermill is an economical option because they give you big portion, like food-coma-big-portion. And it's open 24/7.. . It's a diner alright, but with tacky decor. Think purple neon lights and trees inside. Waitresses clad in Hawaiian-theme uniforms. This is the big-eater haven, the greasy-spoon diner where you go to soak up the alcohol. That said, I only come here for breakfast.. . *Fruit Plate with Banana Nut Bread ($13.25): This is literally a basket full of fresh fruit--cantalope wedges, honey dew wedges, pineapples, grapes, strawberries and kiwis. You get a mini loaf of warm banana bread!  Skip the marshmellow sauce if its too heavy.. . *Tostada Omelet ($13.50): It certainly tastes better than it looks. It's a big plate of messy omelet with black olives, zesty beef and diced tomatoes. Looks like nacho. It comes with hash brown AND tortilla chips.. . *Sausage and Three Eggs ($11.95): Probably the smallest plate in the house and you can substitute Canadian bacon or ham. My scrambled eggs were okay-fluffy and the sausages are of the low-grade. Very greasy and fatty. Instead of toast I requested a blueberry muffin for a taste. It was steamy hot but chewy. Not very good.. . *Extraordinary Oatmeal ($9.50): Sprinkled with raisins, walnuts, and banana galore. Healthy option. . . It's so much food that most people pack it up and take it to-go. If you want to challenge yourself, get the French Toast Collage with four wedges of French toasts, two eggs, two strips of bacon and hash brown. Eat yourself to a coma. Quantity certainly supersedes quality here. It's not bad but nothing mind-blowing. Service is quick and friendly. It's a no-frill place on the strip north of Wynn between Encore and Riviera. Crowd range from divey to genteel retired. Get here early or be prepared to wait at least 20 minutes after 10.
Food is full of value but the frustratingly long waits on a weekend are to be avoided. . .  From the moment we arrived on this particular Saturday morning, we were told it would take 45 minutes...after the 45 elapsed, I checked with the desk and was told at least another 20...we left.  Don't like being lied to and coerced into staying, number 1 and number 2, no food I'd worth an hour wait.  . . I do NOT recommend comming here the morning through early pm on a weekend period.. . On a lighter note.  We've been here when the wait wasn't as long and were satisfied with meal portions and quality.  It's a great place to have an old Vegas experience at.
Giant portions, and that's about it.. . Breakfast was very busy.  They "herd" you to the lounge to wait for your table and with the hopes you'll buy drinks.   Service in the lounge was practically non-existent from what I could tell.. . The menu is very extensive and has some nice breakfast creations on it.   They warn you about the portion size and how an omelet is made with like 10 eggs or something.. . I got a "garbage-can special" type of dish that had eggs, sausage, ground beef, spinach, onions, hash-browns and a cheese sauce.  It came out in a bowl and while not looking very large, teased me into only finishing half of it.    My wife had French Toast Ambrosia (with fruit and stuff) which she loved.. . Service was very slow.  Requests for things such as tabasco were forgotten (luckily the table next to us had some which they shared).. . I'm sure it's a great hangover joint - just try to catch them during off-hours.
I was looking for a restaurant that wasn't a chain restaurant, buffet, or an overpriced restaurant inside the casino.  Using Yelp! app, I came across The Peppermill.. . The decor is very unique.  There's a lot of neon lights, mirrored ceilings, and fake trees.  I didn't see the fireside lounge because the wait was a mere 5 minutes to be seated.  The place was fairly busy, so service was not very fast, but you can't blame the servers for that.. . I asked for a recommendation and our server suggested Munch's Breakfast.  Sausage with peppers, onions, mushrooms, tomatoes, topped with eggs and cheese?  Sounds great!  I was excited.  The meal came out and it felt like it was missing something.  It felt like I was eating a vegetable omelette - I realized that there was NO sausage.  I called the server over - not the easiest task when she's running around tending to many tables - and she said asked if I wanted to have them remake it.  I told her no since the person I came with was almost done with her meal.  She later brought out a plate of sausages.  Apparently the prep cook forgot to bring out the sausages and the cook just threw everything together not realizing that the sausage wasn't there.. . I realize that mistakes happen and it wasn't the server's fault so I didn't tip her less than I would have for the service.  But I wish she addressed this with management so that they could have made some sort of adjustment for leaving out the sausage.  Seriously, that's like giving someone a car without brakes.  A chair with no legs.  A hooker with no condom.  All of the above may work but leads to an incomplete and potentially regretable experience.. . So while I would probably have given this place 4 stars, I have to give it 3.  Give it a shot, but realize that the cook may be high and leave out key ingredients.
Late night finds. There are a lot of other restaurants open in Las Vegas.  I used to eat here all the time after a long night of partying since it was the closest to the Wynn.  You can always count on their food portion in being huge! This place is like a diner type of place.  I had a variety of dishes and never had an issue.  Everything is decent. Service is so-so.  Sometimes you'll have a fun waiter here.
Kitschy classic. Good value. Huge amount of food. Bloody Caesar was a great. Kind of weird that if you are in the restaurant side you have to ask for a cocktail waitress to take your drink order...took a long time to get our drinks.
The reviews in here were right in. The portions are huge!  I had the hash and eggs with a blueberry muffin. It was good! Just a lot to eat but I did after not eating for most of day.
i go here often when I go to Vegas haha I dont know why but i do. Food isnt that bad and service is nice. I usually always get the same which is the bacon cheese burger.
The decor is awesome and the service was good, but the place was two or three bucks overpriced on every item and I thought the food was nothing special.  The eggs and hash browns were super buttery, which is not my thing at all, and all the alcoholic drinks were at least $8 (and were pretty small).  Its not a bad place, it just did not live up to my expectations as to price or quality of food.
The Peppermill is a Vegas institution. There is always a wait and for good reason.. . If you are looking for diner food, there is nowhere else to go. Skip your hotel coffee shop and head over here. The food is great. Portion sizes are enormous. I am quite the eater and it didnt look like I barely made a dent in my scramble.. . The Peppermill is the perfect place to go for breakfast if you have been up all night. Perhaps hungover. You need some good food? This is the ultimate Vegas eatery.
The pepper mill is a decent enough restaurant which reminds me of 13 coins (up in Seattle).  That is they serve any food all the time.  I went to the Pepper mill for breakfast and had a bacon and onion omelet.  It was huge and pretty good.  Based on my experience the put an emphasis on size.  And if you are really hungry this might be good.
Came here for breakfast on a Saturday. Service was subpar. Had a drink in the bar (which was tasty), but the bartender (David?) was short and unfriendly. After we were seated, we saw our waitress twice. Food was ok...I would compare to Denny's. I did love the motif though.
My husband and I renewed our vows at a Vegas chapel (by Elvis of course) so it seemed only appropriate to go to one of Vegas's oldest restaurants.. . This place is cool inside. SO old Vegas, neon lights, cheescake, large. I loved it! . . The food was decent for this type of place. I wasn't expecting Mastro's quality food. My mom and I got the Southwestern beef kabobs. They were ok. A bit overdone for my tastes. My husband got the swiss and mushroom burger, which I tried, and it was better than what I got. My dad liked his clam chowder.. . Service was ok. Server messed up the order and had to be reminded to bring out a side dish. Maybe she was having an off day.. . All in all, it was a fun experience. I'd probably go back to bring a friend who wanted to see old Vegas, and wasn't a food snob.
The peppermill is one of the oldest and most established late night eateries in town. The service is always great and expedient. The peppermill is a great place to grab a bite at any time of the day.
