One can generally tell the quality by the number of customers, and there were a good number of people lining up at Jean Philippe.  The Trio Cheesecake certainly doesn't disappoint.  Nice creaminess inside with chocolate exterior for nice texture contrast.  On the other hand, the savory crepes fell a little short.  I am not a big fan of the spongy crepe.  The Forest crepe was okay, but the Royal crepe was too salty.   A good place if you are into something sweet.  I will have to come back for the gelato next time.
Had some crepes, berry filled and the banana version.  It was just ok.  I can understand everyone wanting to give 5 stars because the ambience is great, but those two crepes and two cups of joe was over $30.00, but they won't get 5 stars from me.  It is what it is and what it was was a mediocre crepe.  I shall try more in December for my end of year trip.  To be fair, I only tried a small sample of whats available.
this little cafe is located in Aria.  we wanted to grab a quick lunch closeby to our hotel (Vdara) that wasn't too pricey. . . you order at the counter.  when your food is ready, they call you over.  well, after about 10 minutes, we were notified that they were out of the asian salad.  (mind you, these are PREMADE salads...don't know why it took that long to tell us that)  then while we were trying to decide which other salad was a good substitute, they said, "oh, we found ONE more."  you would think people would get it straight the first time.  . . so we shared a sandwich and a salad.. . roast beef sandwich -- it was okay.  good bun...sandwich size was not too big but i suppose sufficient.  . . asian salad -- we laughed because the ingredients basically just threw everything asian in...the chinese, vietnamese, japanese, etc... it contained ginger slices, water chestnuts, green onions, ........ . almond brioche -- not too sweet...fairly good but pricey.  guess that's expected.  . . course after i went to earl of sandwich, i wished i went before this meal.  if i had, i would have gone to earl of sandwich again having a DELICIOUSLY awesome, great price meal that can't be beat..  hindsight is 20/20??
Frustration! I went on christmas day.. . My biggest frustration with this place is seating. Awkward, artsy but not functional and tight squeeze with close encounters (I don't want to smell the breathe of the person sitting next to me, especially if I don't know them). . The manager is snappy. . Food mediocre it's really hyped up & all just for looks. . . I got a ton of food; savory Crepes forest & royal, chicken pesto panini, Cobb salad. . Royal savory crepe was creamy cheese & salty. Feel like it should be on pasta, instead.  . . Forest crepe; forest ham, mushroom & I think Swiss cheese. That was basic but good in comparison to my original dish (Royal Savory Crepe). . . Chicken pesto panini: my favorite from the pick. Why? IDK, maybe because it wasn't food stuffed a sponge like-tasteless crepe. It was soft yet crispy bread, flavorful fillings. . . Cobb salad had bad smelling dressing. Had to ask for balsamic vinaigrette. If it smells bad I'm not eating. I like crepe, but this place did not cut it for me, maybe it was because of the service during a holiday. I'm not sure, but I'm pleased. It's whatevers to me. Ate it, tired it, didn't really  like it. Not coming back.
WOW!  that long line in the morning around 10:00AMish.  Because of the long line, we just grabbed an most delicious Almond Croissant EVER!. . One afternoon we got a pretty expensive Iced Latte and a wrapped up brownie which was baked that day.  Both were yummy, but nothing special.. . I was told that the other pastries were REALLY good - so next time, we'll be sure to try the Gelato and Napoleon.  Of course, it it wasn't so pricey, I might be more of a fan.  Everything is just so PRETTY! . . PS - there is another Jean Philippe at the Bellagio and they have an awesome chocolate fountain display worth checking out. =)
Left line is for gelato, sorbe, coffee, and crepe. Right line is for sandwiches. Ordered the Royal Crepe, Berry Crepe, Panini Ham and Smoked Salmon sandwiches. Berry Crepe is great as expected, fresh and tasty. Royal Crepe is made with a prepackaged contents nukes by microwave, quite nasty. Panini and Smoked Salmon are both good but doesn't have that 'omg' factor that justified for the price and the long line.
I was in Vegas for a Bachelorette Party this weekend. We stayed at the Aria and this Patisserie was located right by the elevators so it became our go-to spot if we wanted to grab a bite to eat.. . They have Salads, Sandwiches, Coffee/Tea, Pastries, etc. I had their Ham and Cheese sandwich for dinner one evening as well as their Chocolate Croissant for breakfast one morning. The Sandwich had very fresh ingredients and I loved the bread, it wasn't your typical sandwich bread. They were small, long rolls. My cousin and I were able to finally try the Chocolate Croissant on our last day there; she had been eyeing it from the first day we checked in. The Croissant was fluffy and buttery and the chocolate was decadent.. . They have lots of seating but we always brought back our food to our rooms. . . Minus 2 stars for their expensive prices and staff; they weren't very friendly.
between checking in at aria, racing to buy ka tix close by, and having to get ready, we didn't have much time to grab a proper dinner.. we stopped by here to grab a bite before heading up to the room to get ready for the night.. . . picked up... -basil aioli panini: nothing special and took forever to get our order and there was no line! i didn't it was worth $12. -gelato: pistachio, creme brulee, passionfruit sorbet.. good but not great... . the chocolates and other desserts looked enticing.. i was struggling to stop staring at them while waiting for the panini so i have to go back and try a few of them next time..
Located inside Aria right by the guest hotel elevators. It stands out against the darkness of the casino and is visually appealing with its bright lights and array of colorful sweets and pastries.. . Me and the galpals decided to get breakfast here before heading to our cabana by the pool.  The line was a little long, but that was mostly due to people standing around admiring all the colorful treats on display.  You place your order at the counter and then wait for your number to be called to pick it up.  I ordered the smoked salmon sandwich: cream cheese, hardboiled egg, sprouts, and red onion all on a baguette.  YUM-O!  The cost of the sandwich was $9.50...normal for Vegas standards.. . Seating is extremely limited so if you're a big group expecting to find seats together, it'd probably be easier to take it all back to your hotel room upstairs and eat there. Luckily we found enough scattered seats so we could enjoy the food.
A few friends and I tried the one in Aria on August 15, 2011. This place has a wide selection of chocolates, crepes, pastries and salads.. . I tried the passion fruit crepe and it was good. I liked the coconut sorbet more than the crepe itself lol.. . The desserts here are for sweet tooth lovers, but the price is more expensive than other dessert places/crepes. . . We did walk by the one in Bellagio and it looked a bit bigger. The chocolate fountain was literally eye candy haha.. . 3 stars based on the prices, long wait (one person making crepes and the cashier watching??), and most important customer service could have been better.. . This isVegas... you got to pay to play.
Overpriced and hyped but they has this pistachio nougat that I have only ever had in France.  It tasted sooooo good! Worth the $10.50.
I came here for breakfast the other day.  Thisrating is for the breakfast and not the desserts.. . Price is quite high $12 for panini.  . . Order Priscuitto Panni- It was alright.  Nothing very fancy.  COmbination of cheese, meat and veggie was good.  However, bread was hard.  Given the price, I expected more.. . Chicken Panini- Same as above.. . Vegetable Quiche- Decent.  Tasty.. Good combination and it taste good.  Again for the price of $10, i think its abit lacking.  . . Had the coffee.  The coffee won my heart.  They use good beans with awesome machines.. . If you dont mind the 30 min of line and then another 20 minute for food, id say this place is alright for your breakfast.
Delicious pastries but whatch out for the employees! Your order will be messed up!
Wow....beautiful desserts.  When u eat them, it's like uhh....huh... not so wow.  Definitely gives them a thumbs up on the presentation, it definitely made my mouth watering.  Tasting part? Failed.
Not really getting all the hype here. The store is pretty and offers tons of eye candy but when you actually taste the stuff it's pretty average. . . We waited in line and sampled a couple ice creams and then purchased an ice cream and a little carrot cake. The cake was mostly cream cheese frosting. It was very fancy and lovely to look at, but the frosting to cake ratio made it really hard to enjoy. The ice cream was good, but nothing spectacular. Overall everything was decent tasting and very expensive. I wouldn't bother coming back with all the other pastry shops in Vegas .
Saw both locations of this. I have to say that the Chocolate Fountain in the one in the Bellagio is awesome. Who doesn't want to just stick their head in there? I only tried one thing from the location in the Aria and that was a Pain au Chocolate. It wasn't too bad. It was extremely crispy on the outside, like the kind that is so brittle that big pieces sort of shatter off, not the nice, light flaking you get with others. However, it was nice and buttery and had plenty of chocolate in it. I was pleasantly surprised. I am usually disappointed by most croissants, but this was pretty good.
I am impressed but not impressed by this Patisserie.  I am glad there is a quick breakfast place in the Aria.  Sometimes you are just not in the mood for a huge meal.  My friend and I had the apple muffin and the croissant.  The apple muffin was moist and had chunks of apple in it, but it just didn't knock my socks off, the croissant was a bit of a mess to eat.  A thick honey glaze made up the top of the pastry and almost made it too sweet to eat.  The lattes are pretty good here, but a little on the expensive side.  For two people, expect to spend right around $25 to $40 depending on what you are getting.
Had breakfast here one morning. Jean Philippe Patisserie is located inside the Aria Hotel & Casino.. . Ordered the Quiche Lorraine, a small cup of coffee, and a bottle of water. The place was very busy, so it took about 7 minutes after ordering to receive my food.. . The Quiche had good flavor. Unfortunately, it was only luke warm. It would have been much better if the food were actually hot.. . They offer a lot of baked good options for breakfast, as well as a few breakfast sandwiches.
Solid 3 stars.. . Boo, I had such high expectation for this place, but it was just "alright.." I don't mind paying premium price for good/quality food, but Jean Philippe Patisserie will not be something I would come back to. . . I gotta give them credit for presentation though. . . Chocolate souffle crepe: 3/5. Coconut gelato: 3/5. Almond chocolate bar: 3/5
We stayed at the Aria and this was convenient for breakfast.  The pastries are worth the money but they should invest into better coffee.  Here's my list of breakfast pastries and I've listed the better tasting ones first.. . 1)  breakfast panini. 2)  sugar brioche. 3)  chocolate croissant. 4)  Cinnamon roll
I had their gelato and thought it was good but nothing spectacular about it. I had better one before. Maybe I need to try out their pastry and sandwich the next time I am back. Overall, I will give this place another try.
I asked for extra hot for my hot chocolate and it really wasn't that hot.  The bottom 5th of my cup was lumpy.  The Nutella Brioche was ok, not worth the calories.  Croissant was good (crispy, flaky but not warm...) and it's in typical monstrous American size (to justify the $4 price).
Their extravagant looking confections and pastries have a tendency to draw visitors in.  That was certainly the case several years ago when I visited their location inside the Bellagio.  This was the second time I've stopped at their newer location inside Aria, but this was the first time I purchased something.. . While my buddies were losing their hard earned wages on gaming devices and eye-candy dealers I decided to indulge in another sort of eye-candy taking a mid-day break here snapping photos of Christmas themed confections (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=DELXUM9BD2s0h4e37_gt5Q) and sitting down with an iced mocha (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=95AhWqWjCtxG36p8nBq7xg) and a slice of cake.. . I chose the Opera cake slice (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=p5YuhVtND3noJCQ6mwU9tA) made up of liqueur-soaked sponge cake, coffee butter cream and chocolate ganache because it seemed like a safer selection than any of the other 20+ varieties of individual cakes, tarts, napoleons and mousses, and I really needed a shot of caffeine from staying up late the previous night and not catching up on my z's in the hours that passed.  I'm normally not a coffee drinker, but I do turn to it rather than to instant energy products.. . Maybe because my choice was safe, but the cake slice did not wow me at all.  The flavors all meshed together quite well, but there was no particular component to the dessert that gave it any "oomph."  This was just a sweet slice of cake with, really, nothing special to it.  The cocoa covered truffle that sat atop the cake had an unusually thick shell and the center wasn't as smooth and sensuous as some mass-produced truffles I've sampled.  I actually enjoyed the bitterness and cold from my iced mocha more than I did the cake.. . Maybe it was better this way.  Next time I'm in Las Vegas and I walk past their beautiful desserts I know to treat it like I treat other eye candy.  It's better not to sample no matter how delicious or tantalizing they seem to be!
***I do not think the pastries and desserts at Aria's Jean Philippe Patisserie are worth the high prices, but it still one to consider if you are on the hunt for fancy-looking desserts (I haven't loved anything here yet, but there are some good items)***. . Aria's Jean Philippe Patisserie has a very attractive display of pastries and individual desserts.  Located right next to the casino, this stand is very versatile.  You can pick up breakfast pastries or individual cakes, but you can also get cafe-esque breakfast items and sandwiches.  They also have a gelato bar as well as a selection of expensive but nice looking packaged sweets (for gifts).. . I had a few things.  I tried their pain au chocolat, which was very flaky and crispy.  The chocolate flavor was good though the chocolate bar inside the croissant was too hard.. . I also had one of their parfaits, which was gingerbread gelato mixed with hazelnut gelato and then garnished with crunchy hazelnuts and spice-flavored gingerbread.  The parfait was topped off with whipped cream and chocolate sauce.. . The parfait was just okay.  The gelato was a little too thick (the whipped cream was also not that great; too similar in consistency to a canned whipped cream though I believe this one was fresh).  Also, while the parfait had a good flavor, I felt there was too much gingerbread in it (and the gingerbread was dense).. . Service is not rude or lazy here, but it is consistently slow.  I think part of it is due to a lack of staff.  I also do not think it is the most organized spot.  Another issueis that the staff does not seem to notice when a line is building or when customers have been waiting long.. . Prices are very high, but it is Las Vegas.  Still, the pastries and desserts here could definitely be better (especially when considering that some of their more ambitious items can run up to $6-$8 each).. . Jean Philippe Patisserie is definitely overpriced, but you can walk away with a good pastry or dessert here.  I have not found anything here that I absolutely loved, but there are enough decent things where it might be worth checking out if you are in Aria and on the hunt for a fancy dessert.. . Aria has its own parking structure, which is free.  Valet parking is also available.
Barely drinkable espresso, servers who wish you really weren't there, but a beautiful display of pastries.  Located in the bowels of the Aria Casino, you drink espresso and eat you B- pastries amongst slot machines and smoke.
Curiosity at it's best.  This place is always packed.  Located in the Bellagio, I walked by this place in the morning and late at night and the line is always long.. . Gelato, tortes, muffins, crepes, chocolate boxes, etc you can find a sweet something for anyone. . . I caved in and got in line for a nutella souffle crepe.  It was actually meh.  I guess it's my own fault for ordering something so generic but I wasn't impressed with how thick the crepe was.  . . I mean, I still ate it all but I wish I tried something else.  I still recommend for you to try this place though, I mean...you have to!
Seriously they could not design a worse ordering process.  We have stayed in two hotels with these (aria and bellagio) and dealt with the same problem both times.  There are like 10 people crammed behind the counter so you would think you would get out quickly.  Maybe I am just in the minority that I am primarily going there for a pastry and coffee in the morning and a coffee in the afternoon.  But someone approaches at the point where you have been in the line for about 10 minutes to take your order, which is fine if you are getting a crepe or sandwich but if you want a pastry you haven't actually been able to see the pastries yet.  They won't let it go though so they just try and tell you the pastry options but I don't feel like you can really order a pastry without seeing it.  One mans scone is another mans muffin.  . So you figure it out and then still wait in line for another 15 minutes.  They really need to figure out a way to get people who don't need things prepared through the line faster.
I was so excited when I saw the crepe station.  Unfortunately, they did not live up to my crepe standards.  I ordered the bananas foster crepe, which had caramelized bananas and whipped cream.  I don't think I've ever ordered bananas foster anywhere else before, but when I've made it at home, my bananas are actually CARAMELIZED and not smashed mushy.  These bananas?  No bueno.  Super mushy and the caramelized part?  Just some caramel tasting sauce.  They add the banana sauce to the top of the crepe and don't put it inside like I'm used to.  My mom liked her chocolate crepe that had vanilla creme inside, but I thought it was wayy too rich.  If you're a chocolate lover though, I'd recommend that if you must come here.  I wouldn't bother in the future.
I didn't try the chocolates so my review is just for the paninis and macaron. . . I had the sweet basil chicken and chicken tandoori sandwiches. Both were good but the basil one was really good. Greasy though, as most paninis are. . . Macarons were good. . . Really pricey for what it all is, but I guess that's how it is in Vegas.
We tried 3 different types of items from the patisserie.  We ordered savory crepes, sweet crepes, and gelato.  The gelato was fantastic, had great flavor and was nice and creamy.  The sweet crepes were super tasty too.  Savory crepes, ewww not so much, rather than having fresh ingredients I was appalled to see the fillings to come out of the refrigerator and straight into the microwave...nasty.  Sadly, the crepe itself was tasty, but the filling left something to be desired as it had a runny consistency (like baby food), lacked flavor, and had no real vegetables in the filling to speak of.  If I am in the area I may stop by for some gelato again, but not the crepes ick!
I came here so many times! I was either buying gifts or trying food, but mostly gifts and I tried them. There are so many things that you can buy here, but they're all not labeled so you'll catch yourself asking, "What is this?" a lot. Here are my reviews on the different products. . . 1. Gelato (Coconut, pistachio, and mango) - Meh... Too sweet and rich. Half a  scoop is enough for me and I'm a sweets junkie. Also, the pistachio hardly tasted like pistachio. 2 scoops for me and 1 scoop for my friend = $9ish. . . 2. Carrot cupcake - It was very weird. They baked it in a cup and had some kind of divider on top and topped it with dome-shaped frosting. It was tasty though. (They have complimentary candles if you need them). Be aware that they do not look like cupcakes so you will walk pass them without even knowing.. . 3. Chocolate mousse - Very rich, but what do you expect? It's mousse!  The cupcake and mousse = $13. . . 4. Marshmallows - I got it because my bf loves marshmallows and I had to try it because they were $22!!! Anyway, my opinion on it is that it's nothing special. Don't get it. . . 5. Butterfingers - Yummy, but they don't taste like Butterfingers. The taste is not as distinct.  This was $18 and overpriced.
I would give this little establishment 3.21 stars.. . The good: Everything is very pleasant to the eyes, from the look of the place to all the colors of the pastries. The sweets are also very good.. . The not so good: It's often crowded and there may be long lines and seating may be hard to find. The prices are also pretty high, but you have to expect that. . . I've tried a bunch of their muffins and breaded pastries, and to be honest, I feel this place is more hype than substance. Sure, it looks good, but taste wise, it's nothing special. . . The coffee I had is forgettable, especially at $4 something for an iced coffee. That, in my opinion, was the biggest rip off. You're better off getting something sweet and getting the drinks elsewhere. Actually, skip all the danishes/drinks here if you can. The sweets, like the Raspberry Tart, are what stands out here. . . Overall: It's an Anna Kournikova, it looks good, but it's not a winner. But I guess I'm a typical guy, I'm giving the stars mostly on the looks.
More like 3.5 stars, but since there's no option :/. Fancy decor, a bit pricey but understandable since it's in strip.. When I first saw the dessert it looked so cute but when I actually tasted it it wasn't that great. I tried their cheesecake, which is decorated with white chocolate, and I was not really impressed by flavor. Their gelato was just so-so as well. . I think I will give another try if I'm in that area as I'm just dessert holic.
Everything here is too cute to eat. Thank God for the glass window keeping the food safe or else I'd def. drool and contaminate everything. If you don't believe me just look at the 700+ pictures uploaded on Yelp.. As far as the taste, meeh nothing spectacular. If anything after paying about 10 bucks for a small croissant turkey sandwich I made myself believe it was better than it tasted. I believe this place is more for the desserts, like I said nothing special about the sandwiches..  Long lines feel like forever, especially when you are buzzed! Which I hope you would be, after-all it is Sin city!  Basically, it's a cute place to take some pictures, order a quick bite to eat and go about your sinning.
So expensive !!!! $4.25 for a cup of iced tea. $10.00  for a Turkey sandwich. The sandwich was good, but not $10.00 good.
I love it!!! Delisc!!!!
Impressive - yes.. Tasty - not as good as you would think.. . With all that said, this is still my type of place to get a quick bite, late night bite (open until midnight), or indulge in a pastry.. . Small juices - $4.95 . . Chocolate croissant $4 - mammoth in size, thick crust and thick throughout, which means it won't be an airy soft croissant, EXTREMELY salty.  In fact, that's all that I could taste. This truly tasted like salty bread in the form of a brick-like croissant.. . Tandoori chicken sandwich - good but bland and heavy, I didn't understand the need for cheese in this sandwich.. . Sundried Tomato Chicken Sandwich - this was the better of the 2 sandwiches and had more flavor (barely).. . All sandwiches are:. *roughly $9 to $10. *all come with cheese . *all are  pre-made which means that they do not make to order if you have special requests (what you see is what you get). *can be slightly toasted or pressed, which makes it super greasy (so if you want to feel less guilty, maybe eat it as is aka cold). *filling for 1 person. *overall - bland sandwiches . . Coconut Macaroons - . Individual wrapped: $2 for the plain or $3 for the chocolate half iced . 4 pack - $8 . These are dense and moist mothers.  The coconut flavor is mild.  Halfway through, I almost forgot I was eating a macaroon because it is so moist, it has the texture and consistency of a brownie or a cake pop.. . Palmiers $14 - waiting to be opened but I have a feeling that these will be as salty as their croissants. . Caramel Corn - $9.80 waiting to be opened. . Chocolates - $6 for 2 pieces waiting to be opened . . Overall, you are definitely paying for the brand.  They place a lot of attention to every detail, which I can appreciate - down to their plastic ware - which looks like real silverware. heh. . . Location: in Aria . . Parking: free self-park structure
This is one of our favorite stops for a quick bite, particularly if we have Aria resort credit that we need to spend. I used to only get the baked goods and some chocolates to go for friends and family back home (I like the bear claw in particular), but I recently tried the crepes which I really like. We had a savory one with ham, cheese, and sauteed mushrooms that was great. It also came with a side of greens and baby tomatoes. Our favorite dessert crepe is the one that has the vanilla custard cream on the inside with the mixed berry sauce drizzled on top. The lines are always busy whenever I go but they do a good job moving the customers through quickly. It's definitely pricey though!
Beautiful displays of chocolate pumpkins this time of year. Was at the Aria for a few days so tried several things. . . Loved the mint chocolate gelato -- creamy minty goodness in a cup. Oh so refreshing on a hot Vegas day.. . Coffee was slightly burnt and disappointing one morning. . Breakfast sandwich is dismal and should be removed from the menu. I ate half only because I needed the sustenance.. . Cherry brioche was to die for. Buttery, flakey, tangy. . . Service at 7am was horrible. Long lines and everyone working looked like they were just as miserable to be up at 7 as I was.... and they haven't had their morning coffee yet either.. . I had a mixed experience but the gelato and brioche was so delicious, it saved the experience to 3 stars.
more for their $$$ desserts, I mainly come here just to marvel at their chocolate fountain. For all you instagram aficionados, it's picture worthy. If you have the money to splurge on desserts do try their coffee and almond gelato with the waffle cone. Might as well go full out if you're going to spend almost five dollars on a scoop of gelato.
not only does this place look like a chocolate wonderland, but it is OH SO GOOD! yam yam! my papa spent 50 buckaroos here and got us about 10 yummy pastries (so yes, not cheap). a few to highlight: the 'cinnamon roll', which is exactly what it sounds like, but untraditionally, they goop the cream cheese frosting in a circle on the top, making it resemble... i dunno. something else. something non cinnamon bun-y. delicious though. they also have a nutella stuffed croissant like thing. i just really appreciate the originality of this place. its different, and cute, and delish! i just wish the prices were a little less 'vegas'.
If I could, I would rate this as 3 1/2 stars.. . This Jean Phillipe (Aria casino area) is larger than the one in the Bellagio. They have separate crepe and chocolate areas, along with the main area with the pastries and sandwiches. We got the raspberry macaron, fruit tart and an orange juice. Each pastry was pretty good, although it was a little pricey (over 20.00 for the three items before.
Pricey but it's a nice little alternative if you just want to grab a snack, coffee or light meal. Reasonably good coffee and cakes here.
Ever since going to the Jean Philippe Patisserie in the Bellagio for the first time back in 2007, I've always wanted them to open another location somewhere else in Vegas. In 2007, I stayed at the Bellagio so it was convenient to come here. However, all the other years, I've stayed in different places so Bellagio was always sort out of the way. . . UNTIL!!!! They opened this in the Aria, the hotel I stayed at back in April. I was excited that I can come downstairs from my room and have my desserts whenever I wanted. Turns out I was wrong. It's closed early. Long lines and the logistics for lines are stupid. You go up to the counter and order, then you stand aside for 45 minutes to get your order, blocking those who are trying to order. There's a narrow gallery line for you to stand in, so not much space. Seating is difficult, you're standing there waiting for someone to leave, but everyone saves their seats and blah blah blah. . . Food is pricey here but I don't mind it, that's not my complaint, my complaint is that the food is small for what you pay for. We got a croque monsieur, my husband got some breakfast sandwich and we got macarons to go, it took over an hour to get! Our cup of orange juice was $5 and it was made for an infant, it was so tiny. . . So I say come here when there's no line (But we stayed at the Aria and always saw a line here!) and later in the day. However, they close at 5, so make sure to not come here tooooo late.
I just had a white mocha latte....and it was way-way too sugary!  I was only able to have a couple of sips out of it.  Everything looks good here.  I'll have to come back and try something else.
I don't know why I keep getting slow or bad experience here from the workers.. . Pros. Store is very clean and beautiful.  I like eating here while I people watch and watch people win/lose on the slot machines.  The snacks are really pretty and it makes you want to buy them for gifts.. . Cons. First time I came here during the soft opening was a disaster.  Each customer must've taken 5 mins.  Now that it's been 2 years, it's better, but still slow.  The workers seem so unhappy.  Order with a smile, get a reply from a tired worker.  I ordered a chinese chicken salad and the lady gave me a paper that said "asian" on it to go pay for it.
My boyfriend and I came here after watching Zarkana for some crepes and gelato and here is our experience:. . We were here around 11pm on Monday night and the line wasnt that long, maybe 3 parties ahead of us.  We ordered two scoops of gelato (delicious) a chicken crepe and a nutella crepe.  We were watching the girl make the crepes and noticed that our order got skipped (we had been waiting around 15 min by now) we asked her about our order and she didnt even look up at us and said Im sorry its not written down here, cant help you sorry and moved on to the next order.  That was unacceptable.  We went to the guy to took our order and he told her he forgot and to begin our order to the girl.  So we had to wait another 20 minutes since she was already working on someone elses to get our crepes.  How unprofessional and rude! . . On the other hand, the crepes were absolutely delicious, I highly recommend the two crepes as well as the gelato.  Our total was around $27 for the two crepes and gelatos.  My tip is to keep an eye on the crepe girl because she was either having a bad day or she had a bad attitude problem and will mess up your order unless you watch her like a hawk
We got gelato after dinner at the Wolfgang Puck Italian restaurant.  The gelato was decent, but the whole place is kind of confusing.  After we got our dessert we were directed to pay at 3 different registers before they herded us back to the original register we tried to pay at.  It was also a little pricey for gelato, but it is Vegas so that's not really a big shocker.  I got the cookies n cream gelato and it was pretty average - nice to have on a hot (108*) Vegas night!
I went here twice. Once, to try a savory crepe late at night, and once in the morning for some breakfast. . . I got the forest crepe that had scrambled egg, ham and cheese... - bleh. . They put ONE tiny egg in there, and it's not scrambled at all. it just heats up in the crepe..they use this wheat mix that I am not fond of. It's kind of stiff and it really tastes like wheat or barley... it has a slide resemblance to ethiopian injera except it's not fermented...either way it's no go for me. flavor's off, it's bland... no. . . Breakfast: I got a few different things to try for breakfast and on the road. croque monsieur- do not get this. It's not tasty, it's pre made and it's ...sad.. cheese danish- REALLY tasty.. nutella brioche- YUMMMM..but a LOT of nutella inside. SMALL white chocolate mocha. . So that breakfast that I got all ended up being 24 bucks. Holy hell, that's expensive. I didn't realize the small mocha would be 5 bucks. I would pay 5 dollars for a good mocha but it just wasn't that good either.. . If you're getting a small sweet pastry like a danish or a croissant or something like that, by all means, but as far as food goes, skip, skip, SKIP! They are super over priced for a place that has pre-made EVERYTHING.  I think i'd only go here for their sweets like gelato or their pastries. Other than that, DO NOT WANT.
Sadly updating this review to a 3-star after my latest visit. . . Asparagus quiche - was just "ok". Croque Monsier - also just "ok" and ended up being kind of soggy. . Sad after having such great memories of this from my previous trip. Nothing really stood out the way it did last time. Also tried a bite of my friend's ham and cheese croissant and again nothing stood out.. . They were out of the nutella brioche so that might've bumped it up to the 4-star but for now....
After a walking around for a while and enjoying beautiful Aria we settled on a cup of coffee and something sweet. Something sweet was pretty good. But coffee sucked big time. It was watered down and no taste. Very disappointing.. The stuff at the counter was also quite rude.  . I gave 3 stars for decor.
The fiancee wanted to use up her coupon for a free crepe at Jean Philippe Patisserie so off we went to Aria for a late breakfast before a day at the pool.  JPP was obviously a popular choice for breakfast as evidenced by the long lines for service.  No matter.  We were on vacation so we weren't in any particular hurry.  Surprisingly, the line for crepes was nonexistent while the line for pastries and Illy coffee was quite long.  So, while I waited to order, pay, and receive my croque-monsieur and cup of coffee, Carol W was getting her made to order savory Italian crepe filled with prosciutto, tomato, basil, mozzarella, and topped with a basil pesto.  JPP's process for serving customers, though, moved quickly and reasonably efficiently and I received my order in the time it took for Carol's crepe to be completed.  . . Seating is somewhat limited in the small patisserie off of the casino floor.  However, it wasn't difficult finding two seats since most customers just order stuff to grab and go.  As for our food, my croque-monsieur was decently sized, grilled nicely and very buttery (as one would expect from French food) and cheesy.  It was good, but not necessarily transcendent.  I fared better than Carol as her crepe, while nicely constructed and a generous portion, was WAY over sauced with the salty pesto.  It overwhelmed everything and even threatened to jump plates and attack my sandwich.  Jean Philippe Patisserie does offer a lot of aesthetically pleasing goodness.  Perhaps, we just didn't choose items that put its best food forward!  . . 3 stars for my croque-monsieur, 2 stars for Carol's crepe...thankfully, it was free.
I know, I know, this place is iconic and I maybe ordered the wrong things, but I spent way too much money here to not have an amazing experience. . . I ordered the smoked salmon sandwich, an iced cappuccino, and a dulce de leche brioche. I can't recall how much everything was, but I know my drink was over $6. They also charge a lot for add-ons (I think $1 extra). . Smoked salmon sandwich was just OK; nothing memorable and lots of bread. The cappuccino was pretty good, but the dulce de leche brioche was way too sweet and messy for my tastes. The bread definitely massively sticks to the paper liner and all the dulce de leche is concentrated in the middle in an explosion of sticky and sugar. . . Maybe would try it out again, but there are so many other places in Vegas to try out. Definitely a nice place to stop by and see all their desserts and architecture of their little enclave.
I truly feel that I cannot give a completely accurate review of Jean Philippe Patisserie.  I had just dined at the Aria buffet, and I had so many desserts from there that all I wanted to do was go into a food coma.  All thedesserts looked absolutely stunning.  There was so much detail and creativity put into each and every dessert.  I got to try the red velvet cupcake, the cheesecake, and another dessert that I cannot remember.  My favorite was the cupcake because it was probably the nicest looking one.  I was expecting the colored coating to be hard, and was surprised to find that it was actually soft.  It was very rich, creamy, and moist.  Again, it would have probably tasted better had I not eaten at the Aria buffet just a few minutes prior.  . -1 star because I felt that the staff were irritated that my party took such a long time deciding on what desserts they wanted to get.  I could see the look in their eyes that they wanted us gone because they were taking so long.  I do not understand though, since there was no one else in line, and they did not seem like they were doing anything else anyways.
Was craving a strawberry daiquiri as I was laying out at the pool. Instead decided to come here for some gelato. I decided to get the sugar free strawberry flavor. This fed my daiquiri fix and was perfectly sweet. I believe my single scoop was $3.50 and the size of my fist, but worth trying.
Taken Jean Philippe Patisserie's popularity in Vegas and Hong Kong into consideration, my friends and I were excited to visit Jean Phillipe at both Bellagio and Aria. While I was fascinated by the chocolate fountain at Bellagio, my friends preferred the large variety of food and the modern decor of Aria. We considered the food at both stores consistent. . . My favorite pastry was the rose macaron - it not only contained fresh raspberries, but also had light cream and a moist shell. However, it tasted artificial and sugary. Furthermore, the rose flavor could be strengthened. In comparison, Laduree's macarons' ginger and rose flavors complemented each other. Laduree's macaroons are better than Jean Philippe's overall.  . . My friends shared the intense chocolate cake, which was creamy and soft, and recommended it to Yelpers. However, in their perspectives, the chocolate crepe was overrated, as it tasted no different from homemade crepes. . . I would love to try Jean Philippe's chocolate and other flavors of macarons in the near future. Yelpers, any recommendations? . . P.S. Jean Phillipe, your website is not working. Please ensure that the site runs smoothly to meet customers' needs.
Not to be confused with the Patisserie at the Bellagio -- this one is at the Aria!. . I ordered a soy chai tea latte here along with a rose raspberry macaron after a much-longer-than-I-remembered trek from the Marriott Grand Chateau. Stupid me forgot to ask for my chai to be iced, but it was still pretty decent. Tasted like your general, run-of-the-mill chai tea latte (if you like yours a tad more sweet than chai-y).. . The macaron was pretty good, too, once we finally got back to the hotel room with it. The raspberries were fairly fresh (like from that morning). It was overall chewy and fairly flavorful, but we had no idea what the filling in the middle was made of.
Wait, I'm totally surprised by the number of reviews here for coffee, lunch, etc. -- people actually order real food here?! Next to the overwhelming selection of visually astounding desserts and pastries, the assortment of outrageously overpriced cold prepared food items including croissant sandwiches, salads, and mixed fruit cups (for a ridiculous $7.50 - WTF) just looks plain sad.. . I sampled the dessert trio ($9.90) consisting of scaled down versions of the creme brulee, peanut "lollipop," and raspberry rose macaron -- all served atop a plate made of solid milk chocolate. It displayed a full spread of dessert flavors -- tart and fruity from the macaron, rich and buttery from the lollipop, light and creamy from the creme brulee, and, well, chocolate. Though it was perhaps too saccharinely sweet, the creme brulee was lusciously silky and creamy, while the bland macaron exhibited hardly any discernible rose flavor. The ultra buttery, tender, and completely one-of-a-kind peanut butter "lollipop" was my hands down favorite of the bunch, and I'm hardly a peanut fan. I can't even begin to describe the explosion of fluffy, creamy, and rich so unassumingly concealed in a tender chocolate shell, let alone tell you what exactly is inside -- but it was certainly decadent, to say the least!. . I also sampled a handful of rather unremarkable chocolate truffles. I would only recommend the fruit jellies, which are an absolute must if you're a fan of fruity chocolate! They may appear dubious, but the blueberry jelly was hands down the BEST piece of chocolate I've ever had. Unlike the bland chocolatey-ness of the other truffles I had, the "jam" -- which is closer to an ultra rich syrup in consistency -- packed huge fresh blueberry flavor; thickly layered atop a white chocolate-infused mascarpone cream and wrapped in a thin dark chocolate shell, it was a perfectly proportioned bite of fruity tartness, intense cocoa, and creamy sweetness. I wish I ordered 10 more of these!
Chocolate!!!! Yes please!! Winner of best chocolate pastry chef in world competition!! YES AND DOUBLE YES!!!. . I am a serious chocoholic....I seriously have chocolate addiction issues so when I saw this place I had to go try a chocolate pastry......diet can wait another day! I picked out the chocolatiest pastry they had which was a type of Nutella bar with chocolate fudge on top, topped with more chocolate ganache goodness!!. . On to the taste....it was good...extremely good...but is it the best chocolate pastry I have had...no. Did I want to still stuff my face with it and go get another one...yes! I take off two stars because when you claim to be the best chocolate pastry chef in the world I expect you to blow my mind! If you're going to dabble in chocolate and get me all excited and ready to pay $7.50 for a pastry you had better deliver big! . . All in all....pastry good....mind blowing good....no! Would I come back here? Probably yes, but I wouldn't go out of my way to recommend it to other people!
It has decent stuff but overpriced in my mind. I know its Vegas and its in a hotel and it's famous but still.
We had the Napoleon, Opera and chocolate covered strawberries.  The Napoleon was great, but the Opera was terrible and the strawberries were really tart.  . . I wouldn't recommend Jean Philippe Patisserie because it's just an eye candy bakery.  It's bright.  It's flashy.  It's pretty.  It gets the attention of sugar addicts, but I'm pretty sure you can get better fine pastries at a better price elsewhere.. . Would I go back?  Yes.  But only for the Napoleon.
I stopped by here a while ago while staying at the Aria on business.  We had walked past the patisserie when headed up to our rooms and the brightness of the area along with the cakes really caught my eye. So the next morning whenever i was craving some coffee I decided to head down and get my fiance and I each one.  Whenever I got down there I was able to see the multi tiered cakes up close and they were truly amazing!  It made me wonder how long it took to make them.  After a short wait I made it to the front of the line and ordered two Americanos only to watch them punch something into a machine and have it spot them out.  For the $10 it cost I was really hoping to have the barista take a minute and pull the shots.  The coffee itself was decent but not great.. . The bottom line for me is that I would not head back here again in the future for coffee.  However I would definitely give it a try if I was looking for a baked good.
Two words to describe?:. DELICIOUS and EXPENSIVE. . $12.00 for a Salad. $12.00 for a Panini. $8.00 for a Cheese Danish. Omlet - I'm not even sure how much THAT was. And a chocolate made to look like a miniature layered cake $23.00. $3.00 bag of chips? Most reasonable thing in there!. . They have to be out of their mind, they're lucky that it was a 3-minute walk from my hotel room, if not - there would be no service from this girl. Maybe their prices wouldn't be crazy high if they didn't have a designer create it with such detail from the huge cakes, to their lighting decor, to the seating, and enclosing walls. Insane. . . I have to give it to them though, their food was excellent. It just puts my rating down by two because my wallet went dry.
I'm stuck between 2-3 stars but will bump it up to 3 stars because I visited this place 3 times while I stayed at the Aria.  The first time, we had breakfast and I had the ham omelet and a gingerbread steamer.  My fiance had the smoked salmon crepe.  We barely ate half of our food and just threw away the rest.  The food was so disappointing considering the hefty price tag.  Also, if you're coming here for breakfast, DON'T.  It's packed. And a cluster.  We were confused as to which line to order our drinks, which line to order food, which line to buy desserts.  Forget it.. . We came back in the evening after watching Zarkana with the family so my nieces could get gelato.  I had a bit of everyone's gelato (hazelnut, mango, coconut) and I have to admit, it's pretty good gelato.  I ate mostly the hazelnut gelato and the nuts were crunchy and had a perfect toasted flavor.  I'm a fan!. . The last day we were there, my fiance got some coffee and bought me two chocolates: earl grey and salted caramel.  We ate this on the drive back home and I thought that the chocolates were tasty but not the best I've ever had...and definitely not worth the price tag.  Overall, it's a nice place to look at pretty desserts and for gelato.  Otherwise, it's overpriced and definitely overhyped.
While the desserts are tasty and well made. The prices and service is not. . . You could tell everyone working their just WISHED they were somewhere else at the moment. They could care less about actually serving you unless you asked for help. . . We ordered the sweet trio and my friend told the worker if we could get the second one as the first one was damaged. For some reason she told another worker to do it instead and did not relay the message at all. It was only after we paid and were seated that we noticed that the dessert was damaged and had to bring it back for them to give us another. . . Though not very difficult, we shouldn't have had to deal with that to begin with.
Came to Jean Philippe the other day and had a wild berry smoothie. The smoothie was really good. Wish I didn't pay $10 for it, but hey what are you going to do? . . Saw some crepes cooking while I waited for the smoothie and they looked delicious. Might be my go to the next time I stop by.
