This was one of our favorite brunch spots in the past. This time, the food was good, but not great. . . We started with the complimentary bread. It comes to your table in a loaf/stick shaped like a tree. It is crusty on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. Just like a french bread should be served. It comes with a side of butter and jam. The peach jam was delicious. . . We ordered the beignets as an appetizer. We expected New Orleans style beignets. They were actually cake donuts covered in cinnamon sugar. They were very good. The cake was light and fluffy. But they were very messy. . . For our entree, we both had the french toast. It's a bread pudding style french toast. It was very sweet. Dessert like really. I would have preferred something not quite as sweet for breakfast. That's just a matter of personal taste though. If I had requested the syrup be served on the side, it might not have been so sweet. . . The atmosphere of the restaurant is bistro like and very bright and sunny. The service was ok but not exceptional. To be fair, the restaurant was very busy.
Maybe my expectations were too high coming into Bouchon, especially since it was from Thomas Keller.. . My friends and I had made reservations for 6:30pm on a Sunday night so the place was pretty empty. We were seated after about 5 minutes of waiting, which still surprised me I guess since we had already reserved a table.. . The decor and ambiance of the place is very appropriate; dimly lit and nice chairs/booths.. . The menus surprised me a bit: they were made out of tissue paper and were used to wrap the napkins. Is that typical for a really nice restaurant? . . After ordering, we were given bread, which was plopped straight onto the table along with some butter and pistachios. I thought that was a bit awkward. We also had no bread plates. I guess Bouchon can't afford enough plates? . . After a bit, we were also served some marinated olives, which confused us a bit since we didn't order any olives. They turned out to be really salty and I only ended up spitting one out after trying it.. . The wait forfood wasn't too bad and our orders all came out at once. I had ordered the leg of lamb (about $33). The portions aren't especially big but it filled me up. The lamb was very good and flavorful and it definitely ended all too quickly. The thing that looked the most appetizing of all my friends was the chicken, which had a much bigger portion than the other dishes and smelled delicious.. . For dessert, everyone had ordered one of everything on the menu (caramel custard, lemon tart, chocolate mousse, meringue, and chocolate bouchons) and we went around tasting all the desserts. Overall, all the desserts were really good.. . We were having a pretty good experience until the bill came and it turns out that those olives they served us were not complimentary. Somehow they ended up serving us olives (which we did not order) and charged us for it. We told our waiter and he was very apologetic and immediately took it off our bill.. . Other than that mishap, I would say overall I had an OK experience at Bouchon. The waiters were nice, the decor was nice, and the food was nice. But with all the little details that were missed, Bouchon did not wow me, especially for a Thomas Keller restaurant and for the price we paid.
A friend of mine suggested this place for brunch and raved about the chicken and waffles.  I've been twice and once had the corned beef hash and the second time had the steak frites (my boyfriend had the chicken and waffles both times) and I'd have to say the food is just alright.  We went with a couple friends the first time and they seemed to enjoy the food (french toast and salmon something) so maybe I was just upset with my choice.. . Of the times I've been there, it seems like it's hit or miss with the food -- miss being just average.  The waffles were delicious (especially with the vanilla bean butter), though.  That alone is reason enough to come back. . . The only reason I give it three stars is because the food quality can vary depending on what you order, at least as far as breakfast goes.  I wouldn't write it off just yet though, I'd love to come back for dinner to try it out.  I'd say, it's best
In the Venezia wing of the Venetian.  We've been to the one in Napa, but this one seems a bit more casual and open.  . . We came for brunch  - very filling and a bit heavy.  We had their New England Clam Chowder to start.  Lots of spices, pretty thick.  My husband really enjoyed it.  They brought some breads, and I personally really liked their peach jam.  Yummy.. . Our main dishes were signature the Croquet Madame and one of their specials (my french is awful, but it was scrambled eggs on a housemade puff pastry with spicy sausage).  Both dishes were delicious but H-E-A-V-Y.  Don't think I'll be craving either dish again any time soon.... . Waiter was very friendly, but service was a little slow.  Great ambiance.  A must try in Vegas, at least once...
After almost an hour wait to get seated, we waited another half for our food. While the place gives off a nice ambiance, the wait was not really worth it for the food. To top it off, the water glasses were dirty and our waiter was not that attentive... They forgot our meal coffee and juice until I reminded them. Save yourself some time and spend your $30 a plate somewhere in the forums.
I visited Bouchon for dinner on a Thursday night just last week.  We had dinner reservations at 8:45 and were expecting to be completely wowed.  Wrong we were.  I'd like to get one thing straight - the food is great!  Actually beat my expectations.  But the service is awful.  Where to begin.. . We arrived and were sat promptly.  The FIRST person to come to our table wasn't a server.  Nope.  Wasn't a bus person.  Nope.  It was the sommelier and that was after a good 10 minutes of being seated.  We were all in great moods after seeing a show and went with it making wine our main focus.  He was nice enough and helped us choose something.  . . Approximately 5 minutes after we ordered our wine we were served water.  Still no server.. . Another couple minutes and we have warm bread and butter delivered.  Still no server.. . Now, honestly, we should have seen our server 20 minutes into being sat.  We are now poured wine and are enjoying it along with the warm bread.  . . Finally, we stop someone and ask to find our server.  Being incredibly annoying (or potentially simply observant) I watch the gentleman approach a woman who inevitably mouths 'I Know' with a look of irritation and rolls her eyes.  She then proceeds to go to another one of her tables to help them.  . . When she approaches us it is nothing short of patronizing  and simply an empty smile.  The meal continued with that level of service.  We took note that it wasn't just our server that had this empty, unhappy look.  All of the servers didn't look so happy.  And, I'd like to point out that I believe the GM walked by our table a couple times and surely he should have observed the lack of progression in our meal.  . . Again, the food was great.  The poor team in the back isn't represented well in the front of the house.  I ordered the steak frites - delicious, my husband had the chicken, and the other couple ordered the mussels and the scallops.  Everything was wonderful.  The cheese plate to top off the meal was beyond delicious.  . . Just disappointing service that will prevent me from going back there and I really wanted to try the brunch.
Unlike the Bouchon in Beverly Hills, the Las Vegas location is open for breakfast.  Located on the 10th floor of the Venetian hotel, Bouchon has a nice dining room.  High ceilings and a brasserie-like feel with the floor, decorations and specials on chalkboard.  Formal table settings with white tablecloth.  I think this Bouchon may also feature outdoor dining.. . Bouchon's breakfast menu is reasonably priced (given its Las Vegas competition).  Most of their breakfast items run below $20.  You will probably pay anywhere from $12-$16 per dish at Las Vegas cafes and even though the portions would probably be bigger than what you will find at Bouchon, it is very likely that those same cafes would be using lower quality ingredients.. . I went with the Croque Madame.  The sandwich was a toasted ham and cheese sandwich on brioche that was topped with a sunny side up egg and Mornay sauce.  The sandwich was okay.  It was tasty and filling, but I felt the Croque Madame at Comme Ca was much better.  Comme Ca's sandwich has a great toasted Gruyere cheese crust that is kind of like the cheesy top of baked lasagna.. . Bouchon's version lacked that cheese top and it made the sandwich feel a little boring (also, the sandwich was a little dry on the edges--kind of like dry toast that has not been buttered).  The Mornay sauce (which Comme Ca's sandwich lacks) was okay, but it did not really do anything to make the sandwich stand out.  The egg was nicely cooked.. . The french fries were good.  While the fries were good (hot, crisp and flavorful), they do kind of remind me of when you get a really good batch of McDonald's french fries.  Not that that's a bad thing.  McDonald's french fries are quite popular.  The portion of french fries here was very generous.. . Service was very good.  Good hostess who was very accommodating and observant; also, a very polite and attentive waiter.. . Las Vegas food is typically overpriced.  This Bouchon, on the other hand, is pretty similar (maybe slightly more expensive) than the Beverly Hills Bouchon.  You could easily eat much worse in Vegas in the same price range.  Because of that, Bouchon (for breakfast or dinner) is probably a good option for dining in Las Vegas even if I did not enjoy the food as much as I hoped.. . Complimentary parking is available.  I used valet though I think self-parking is also available.
ok really what is the big hype?  maybe after days and days of eating extremely spectacular food this place just can't compare?  or maybe i came on an off night?  i just really wasn't impressed and i really wanted to be.  food was alright, quality ok, but nothing mind blowingly WOW.  i was a bit disappointed by the food here... especially since i love their baked goods.  silver lining in the cloud, the fries that came with the steak were delicious!
The previous 1100 reviewers have said it all, but nonetheless, I'll throw in my two cents & a few pics. I like to feel that I'm contributing. . . Brunch at Bouchon. Saturday, 1:15 pm, there was hardly a wait. We shared: . . -- chicken & waffles ($25): fancier & pricier, but in terms of taste, does not hold a candle to my beloved Roscoe's (yes, I said it & I'm not ashamed!) The two components tasted like two separate dishes on one plate. The roasted chicken was delicious w/ the gravy & the bacon-chive waffle was good w/ the maple syrup, but put it all together & it was just a hot mess; it didn't belong together. I didn't know if I was eating breakfast or dinner. I did not dig TK's version of chicken & waffles. . -- corned beef hash ($18): i like how they used cubes of corned beef instead of shredded corned beef; it matched the size & shape of the potatoes. A little greasy, but very flavorful & hearty. Topped with an egg (I chose soft scrambled.). -- tartine au thon ($17, tuna): open-face sandwich, tuna was very lemony. I'm not a tuna fan, but my taste buds agreed with this dish. Fries were crispy & well salted.. . Foodies (I don't consider myself to be one) put Bouchon & Thomas Keller on a pedestal, but honestly, I've had much better brunch food elsewhere.
The food was excellent, but service atrocious.  One of the orders took literally 60 minutes before the waitstaff realized that it had been forgotten.  We had watched the order that we had made pass our table several times to other tables that had been seated after us.  It was most unsettling.. . Still, they removed several charges from our bill, and made strong apologetic noises.. . Bread, fantastic.  Pastries, unbelievable.  Cocktails were alright.. . Decor was open and airy, and very appropriately light.. . Still, the service was sluggish and left a rather bad impression.  I'll need to make another visit some day.
This review is for dinner.. . Service: average, no difference than other place that's the same level.. . Food: below average for the price they charge. I ordered Lamp and my fiance ordered scallop. Both are very so so.... . Environment: Above average. They are inside Venetian, not as noisy other restaurant in Vegas.
This place was just A-ok. . The oysters gave me a little stomachache the next day, but i guess that happens once in awhile when you take a chance with raw food, so that's alright ^_^ That won't keep me away from oysters!. . The salmon (don't really remember the name), but it comes in a jar and it has been preserved and was served with toasted baguettes. This was the highlight of the evening. It was super different and mild but with the smoky after taste. Absolutely wonderful.. . My bf's trout was just wayyyyyy too buttery! the first bite was super but a couple bites after that pretty much went down hill. It was so rich that it made me and my bf sick to our stomach. Really hard to get it down.. . My pork chop was good but the pork was a little tough and I've definitely had better pork chop. NOPA in SF gets it right when it comes to pork chop.. . After looking at the dessert menu, we decided to just say "pass" cuz it was nothing out of the ordinary.. . So this place is a 3 and no more.
Food was good but not really worth the price in my opinion.  Nothing compared to Mon Ami Gabi.  . . Service started out beyond poor.  My friend asked the hostess how much longer it would be before they sat us and she actually responded "you checked in at 12 and we told you 20 minutes.  Has it been 20 minutes yet?"  Really???  I've never heard anyone in the service industry respond to a question w/ such insulting sarcasm.  . . Our server on the other hand made up for that horrible initial incident.  He made some great recommendations and took care of all our needs.  The food took a long time and we got comped some fries for waiting.  . . As for food, here are my 2 cents.. . - Garlic sausage appetizer: Amazing!  Tender and savory.. -Chicken & waffles: The roasted chicken compared to your usual fried chicken gave it a more sweet taste so when you add the maple syrup & waffle, it was a little too sweet.  Waffles were good on their own since they had little pieces of bacon & chives.. -Quiche du jour: Thick & fluffy egg custard.  Delish!. . Came here since I saw all the great reviews but really just thought it was ok.  Not phenomenal and a little too pricey for the quality.
Came to have brunch with friend but they only have that at the weekend. The breakfast was very delicious. We ordered Salmon Bougette and Breakfast combo. Both are fresh and tasty. I truly felt the secret of French food: butter.  . . The waiter was very attentive but I don't feel the warmness. When I asked initially what he would recommend, he said everything is good which doesn't help with a first timer.. . I really like the decor of the restaurand and the window overlook the pool at 10th floor.
Went there for pre-Valentines day dinner. The place is very nice and unpretentious considering it is in Vegas. cool Menu design. We ordered half a dozen oysters for appetizer. It was fresh but nothing spectacular. I had the Duck breast which was a little over sauced but otherwise OK. The scallops were also pretty decent. Wine list could use some variety. . Service 4/5. Value 3/5. Food 3.5/5
There weren't too many veg-friendly options, so I ordered the sourdough waffles with bananas, toasted walnuts, maple syrup & Tahitian vanilla bean butter.  And they tasted like waffles.  Expensive waffles.  . . My bf had the salmon tartar special to start, followed by the croque madame.  He said both were ok, the highlight being the brioche.. . People must really like to shell out top dollar for Thomas Keller food, b/c this place was packed and loud.  Short on time, we managed to avoid the 60-minute wait time for a table by stealing two places at the bar.  The bartender was pleasant, but clearly too busy.  I felt like I was bothering her more than anything.  And being constantly bumped and prodded by other waiting patrons didn't exactly help me enjoy my overpriced waffles.. . I think Bouchon is good but overrated.  If you're craving french faire in Las Vegas, I suggest heading over to Mon Ami Gabi at Paris.  Same decor, same food, better views, better service, lower prices.
We went to Bouchon with 6 friends for brunch on a Sunday. We were forced to wait for 40 minutes, even though there were several open tables....as we walked in when we were finally seated. Maybe they had trouble seating a group of 8 or maybe they like to give the impression of being really busy to potential customers that walk by.?.. . I had the fresh fruit, oatmeal with cinnamon apples, and some of my wife's chicken & waffles. They were all pretty good. The bread and jam given to us was.......mediocre. The bread was really hard, which made it difficult to chew. The strawberry jam was like any jam you could buy at a regular grocery store.. . Bouchon is expensive and for me...not worth it. They automatically charged us a 20% gratuity! For just me & my wife, we spent a total of $55 for breakfast...with no beverages. OUCH!!! My wife did love this place so I'll give them an extra star....raising them to 3.
It's a shame I didn't catch his name, but one of the bartenders there (middle-aged man with a mustache) singlehandedly saved this review from otherwise being two stars. He was sooo nice and came to chat with us as we were waiting in the lounge, and after he heard my friend say she had a stomachache, he came out and surprised us with a concoction he mixed that he promised would cure her queasiness (PS: it worked!) But back to the review, I really wasn't impressed with this place. Our waitress was very knowledgeable, friendly, and down to earth, but the service was just not good. We waited over an hour for our entrees to arrive and other than the oysters (which I didn't have, but heard they were Amazing with a capital A), no one else seemed blown away by their food.
I thought it was okay.  I was pretty excited to try this place because of all the good reviews, but it was not the standard I was expecting.  I came here with a group of girls for dinner to celebrate a couple birthdays before going out to the Vegas clubs.  The decor was very cute and our waiter was very nice at first.  But when it came time to order, he seemed surprised that we did not want appetizers or drinks.  He went, "Are you sure?  You don't want blah, blah, or blah?"  I don't know if he meant to, but it made me and I think some of the other girls feel uncomfortable.  It felt as if he was implying that we were cheap or something.  I honestly didn't want to eat too much because I didn't want to feel bloated at the club.  And of course we didn't order drinks because we were going to drink later.  I ordered the steamed mussels with fries.  The warm bread that came out was really good and I especially liked it with the mustard.  Surprising, because I usually don't like mustard.  Our food took an unusually long time to come out, maybe almost an hour.  I really liked my mussels.  They were in this buttery white wine sauce.  But I thought the fries were unremarkable.  So I really only had mussels to eat with nothing else.... and after a while they were too much.  I felt like it needed pasta or rice or something.  Or maybe it was a dish meant to share.  When the meal was almost over, our waiter again acted surprised when we didn't order dessert.  But then he said, "Little portions for little people!" so it didn't feel so uncomfortable as the first time.  During the meal, we also felt that our water's didn't get filled enough, and we always had to flag someone down.  All in all, I was unimpressed.  I don't think I'd come back for dinner, however a lot of the reviews on here mention brunch.  So maybe I will give it another shot for brunch.  I was just kind of disappointed seeing all the 5 stars they got.
If I could, I'd give it a 3.5.. . Atmosphere: It's a really pretty place. It was convenient too given that friends and I were staying at the Venetian.. . Food: Ordered the Poulet Roti. Chicken was tender and juicy and the wine-poached apples were delightful. Friends of mine tried the lamb and the scallops, and they all enjoyed the tastes of their dishes as well. Had the Marquise au Chocolat for dessert, and OH MY WORD was it rich. So good, yet so overwhelming. If you are addicted to chocolate, love chocolate, or want to marry chocolate, get it - you won't be disappointed.. . Short of four stars due to service. The waiter was kind of snarky and wasn't as friendly as I had hoped. NEGATIVE NOTE: They gave us complimentary olives before dinner (the waiter even noted that they were complimentary), but when we got the bill, they charged us for it -_-. We informed the waiter and he apologized and took it off the bill. Still though, it doesn't make sense to put it on our table, tell us it's free, then charge us.. . Price: With wine and dessert, I paid about $60 for mymeal alone. . . It's good for a first time "let's be fancy and fine dine" thing, but I wouldn't go back.
Ordered my steak medium and it came well done.  No bueno.
Wouldn't it make more sense if Bouchon was in the Paris hotel rather than the Venetian?  I think so.  I suppose, though, that each hotel has to have a multitude of ethnic restaurants in order to keep the guest from actually leaving the hotel/casino in which they are staying.  Anyway, we attended a private dinner party at Thomas Keller's Bouchon (in the Venetian) this past weekend.. . Sometimes it's nice not to have too many options when dining out.  You know, like when you're attending someone else's event and they've already chosen a limited menu for the guests (including yourself) to make a selection from?  That way you can just focus on the others who are dining with you rather than salivating over every detail of the entire menu, going back and forth, trying to come up with the best possible way to taste as much as possible without stuffing yourself like a goose.  Ok, I'm totally lying.  I'd much rather scour the menu, up and down, imagining combinations of courses and anticipating what the real thing will bring compared to the vision in my head.  I mean, cummon!  That's almost the best part!  I love reading menus!  I even love reading them with no intention of eating.   . . But that's not what I got to do this time.  Sigh.  Oh well.  I guess I'll tell you about it anyway:). . . First was the 2-tiered cold shellfish platter;  wonderfully clean and light and fresh.  Nothin' fancy but neither was the rest of the meal, intentionally.  Chilled steamed lobster, crab, prawns, mussels and clams as well as raw oysters rested on a bed of those cute, little mini ice cubes with a couple of sauces on the side for accompaniment.  It was good and honest and unadulterated.  That's Bouchon's style.  Once I read somewhere that Keller opened Bouchon (the one in Napa, of course) so that he'd have somewhere to eat after being at the French Laundry all night.  It's kind of a funny statement but one can only eat so much fancy food before they crave something uncomplicated and comforting.  And our meal at Bouchon was a true expression of that.. . Along with the seafood was a plate of charcuterie which I found quite plain.  Just a few slices of barely differentiable salumi with some cornichons, pickled onions and dijon.  The little jars of salmon rillettes was a nice addition which is why I didn't understand the reason that they were hardly touched.  People are afraid of unfamiliar things, I guess.  Most Americans would rather just have the salami.  I'm sure someone in the kitchen was annoyed when the servers re-entered with 3/4-full jars of deliciousness to be tossed directly into the garbage.  I know I would be.. . Then came our chosen appetizer course.  My dining partner-in-crime and I ordered both options, of course.  I won.  Actually, the cauliflower veloute may have been my favorite thing on the table all night long.  It was ugly as hell, which you can see from the picture below, but very flavorful.  To account for its unappetizing color and depth of flavor, I assume that the cauliflower was roasted before being made into a soup since the server informed me that there was, in fact, no chicken stock in it.  Its green olive tapanade garnish lent a salty brightness to the smooth, mouth-coating veloute.  We both thoroughly enjoyed it, as did the other recipients of it at the table. . . Beet salad was our second appetizer and we both agreed that it needed help.  For me, it was just (naturally) overly sweet and could have benefitted from a salt or acid component (or more of what was already there).  The strategically composed bites of sweet beet, bright orange, toasty hazelnut and salty frisee were the best.  But the complimentary components were gone long before their protagonist, leaving us with a big pile of beets and nothing to eat them with.. . Now, please don't hold my entree order against me.  It is a very rare occasion that I find it appropriate to order chicken.  For the most part, I shake my head in disappointment at the chicken orderers of the world.  But that's because it is most often their safety net.  And if there is ever a time to order a half of a roasted chicken, I thought it would be at Bouchon where I was hoping to be delighted with browned, crispy skin and tender, juicy meat.  And it was almost there.  Nicely browned but not as juicy as I'd hoped.  Keller is a big believer in brining so I was expecting ridiculously juicy meat.  But it wasn't.  Better were the roasted oyster and shiitake mushrooms with fresh (yes, fresh) peas that my bird sat atop.  And I couldn't help but butter a thick-crusted baguette and let it rest in the plate's deep, rich sauce before devouring it.  I was very happy with that part.. . The lamb loin was fine.  Nothing to write home about.  A perfect medium rare but not juicy which leads my to believe they used one of those temperature holding ovens.  I guess you can't expect them to sear off 15 orders of meat at once for a private party.  It was served simply with turnips and carrots (meh)....
Eh. Had better for a quarter of the price BUT my boyfriend and I went for breakfast and their menu was limited so that could be the factor. We wanted to try the chicken and waffles that everyone raved about BUT it was only available during brunch. Ordered an omelet with roasted chicken, spinach, and cheese and it wasn't amazing. Boyfriend had the croque madame and he wasn't a fan (it was good, but not something to keep coming back for).. . The service was a bit slow the morning we went and our waiter was a bit clumsy (spilling juices, dropping menus). Overall, the experience wasn't worth $90 for our food that did not blow us away.. . Our minds might change once we get the opportunity to try from the brunch menu. As of right now, I stand by my 3 star rating.
I had such high expectations before I came here for dinner. I was a little disappointed. I ordered the lamb and my husband ordered the halibut. Food was fresh but flavors were bland. No extra kick.  I could get better food for half the price at many other restaurants.  I will still try Ad Hoc and French Laundry because of all the hype. I have not given up on Thomas Keller just yet.
We went on a Saturday night as part of a bachelorette party.  We were seated promptly, they brought out their fantastic ebi bread which is baked there in their own bakery, and we were all set to go.  . . Several of us ordered the Steak Frites, which is basically a flatiron steak with a pile of french fries.  They were all cooked per taste, but in all, it was just a well cooked steak that you could get just about anywhere.  . . One of us got the Pan-Roasted Trout in a browned butter sauce with almonds - that was amazing.  The trout was cooked perfectly and worth every penny.  It was very delicate and light, and fairly large portion.. . Another got the bouchot mussels, which comes with frites.  Nice creamy white wine sauce that was good.  Large serving, too.  . . I ordered the Leg of Lamb in garlic and thyme, which was also fantastic!  The lamb was so tender and juicy, cut off of the bone for you already, laid over a pile of vegetables.  . . The service was a little slow - it took over an hour from when we ordered until our food was delivered.  Our server was nice.  However, one of the bussers spilled au jus all over a leather jacket and purse, which was a little bit of a downer.  . . Of note, I'd been there before for the brunch menu, which is much more tastier than the dinner menu.  The famed chicken and waffles is exactly that - roasted chicken and waffles and I was not wow'ed by it.  The best dish was french toast made from brioche - a must try.. . The reason Bouchon gets only 3 stars is b/c though it is very good food, I expected more from Mr Keller, especially for the price you pay and the hype that you hear.  There are many other restaurants in Vegas that you can get the similar quality of food, and only a few things stand out here.  Still, it's a must-do at least once in your life.
Food was ok.  I'm disappointed since I expected higher standard for Thomas Keller's.   Beet salad was definitely the worst I ever had.  French onion soup was ok but not amazing.  My husband's dish was better--leg of lamb with garlic infused a jus. "It was ok..good".  I think this place may be better for brunch/lunch.  On a positive note, ambiance was good.
Buchon was the closest that I will be able to get to French Laundry.  I was moderately impressed.  The food was fantastic but the pretentiousness was a bit much.  After all it is a BISTRO.  The pate is out of this world and the main courses were very nice.  But I say save your pennies and go to Rosemary's off the strip.  The food is better and you won't feel self conscious about not ordering wine with each course.  Over all a good experience.
Bouchon, I've heard only good things about you, yet I was not that "wowed".. . I loved the ambiance, and I'm always excited to eat French Cuisine... the bread was warm and delicious, the butter was perfect, my mimosa was . alright, and the oysters were BOMB. I actually don't like oysters that much because it tastes way too much like the ocean, but these were sweet and just awesome with the cocktail sauce, fresh grated horseradish, and I believe malt vinegar... of course I had to ask for some tabasco cuz there is no way ima eat them babies without it. . . Why 3 stars?..... Cuz the table across from me, who ordered about 10 minutes after me, were more than halfway done with their entrees and mine was still not out. My friend ordered the Omelette special and I ordered the Croque madame. My friend had to leave the table to check out of our room because our food was taking ridiculously long. I would understand if maybe, the restaurant had a full house, or if other customers were angry with me, but No.... ugh. HUNGRY FELICIA = UNHAPPY FELICIA. . By the time my food came, I was over it, I mostly ate the french fries and ate about 1/3 of my Croque Madame which was by the way.... TOO HEAVY.. ugh... and it came with french fries which kinda made it worse... I was on butter/grease overload. It was seriously just whatevers. . . If I ever do go back, it'll be strictly for oysters and cocktails! ;)
First off this place is hard to find - bit of a maze within Venetian hotel.   Having said that I liked the place and the service.  All good so far.  I ordered the daily special Rack of Lamb and wife ordered a steak.  Although I am not normally a big Lamb eater, but few good place where I lamb (mostly in UK) it was fantastic, so I was expecting a similar experience.  Once it was served, the gamey smell was so strong I actually didn't even feel like putting my folk into it.  The taste was much more gamey than the smell.  They took it back and cooked it more, but not much help.    I gave three stars because my wife's steak was fantastic and all other items were good.  May go back there again, but NEVER will i try the Lamb there again.
I must have ordered the wrong thing for breakfast.  I had a typical breakfast dish with eggs and bread and there was nothing to rave about.  There was a large selection to choose from, but nothing to say wow!
I had the muscles which were surprisingly flavorless. I almost had to send it back but since I've never done that, I chickened out. The salmon tartar was delicious. The escargots where also flavorless. I was shocked that the food was not up to par the day I went. The service was great. I was really hoping to give this a better review..but I can't.
Wow, I don't even know where to begin.  My girls brought me here for a fancy dinner for my bachlorette party and I had been excited about it alllll week.  Boy was I disappointed....not to blame them seeing that this was my pick but I really had high hopes for this place, for many reasons.  First, I dont think I'll ever make it to French Laundry in this lifetime so am more than happy to settle for Bouchon.  Secondly, it had rave reviews on yelp.  So I am not really sure what went wrong?  I ordered gnocchi which was very flavorful and rich in the first few bites.  However, as I kept eating, the grease just became very overwhelming that it was starting to not sit well with my stomach.  It was simply too heavy.  What threw me off is it isn't the type of creamy pasta gnocchi that I was expecting or use to, it was more pan fried to a crisp over oil.  . . So I thought it was only my dish and I tried many of my friend's other dishes, which included steak and frites and sturgeon fish.  I wasn't impressed with any of those either.. . The steak was very average (tho the fries were delicious but I'm easily impressed with fries).  One word of advice tho, all the temperature are cooked one less than what you ask.  My friend asked for medium and it came out med rare, another order med well and it came out med, third friend ordered med rare and it was super bloody.  My other friend commented that her fish was a little dry.. . I was pretty disappointed with the meal  but luckily, the good company more than made up for it.  The one upside is the bread before our meal was delicious, as everyone said it would be.  Also, we arrived at dinner at 9pm and many of their dishes, including the specials, were all out.  If you want to get a good pick of the menu, go early!  The food is fresh so it will run out.  Otherwise, the ambiance and service is about what I expect, I just wish the food was too.
I was so excited to try this, but was bummed by the service/food.. . We had a party of 4 and waited almost an hour to get a table on a busy sunday. That's fine, no complaints from me on that. We get seated and it takes a long time for someone to take our drink orders. There were several waiters/people in suits walking around but no one helping us. Finally they take the order. Hibiscus cocktail was pretty cool but a bit overpriced. . . We order some beignets and some bread with jams. The waiter misinterpreted our beignet order, so he brought us out two orders. He never got us the bread, but we were thinking we'd gotten enough food so we didn't mention it. The beignets were pretty good, not amazing and not worth the price.. . Our waiter paid very little attention to us in general. We were 4 girls so I guess we;re notoriously bad tippers, but we all have disposable income and tip well so that was obnoxious. Our food took another 40 mins to come out.. . I had chicken and waffles, which is supposed to be their best dish but I was unimpressed. The waffles were super bland and the vanilla butter wasn't amazing. The chicken was the best part though, very flavorful and well cooked.. . The food was decent, not worth the price though considering the service. It was pretty awful. I think we just had a bad waiter, but it soured the entire experience for me.
wow, this place is fancy. i came for brunch and we were seated near the fountain. this was my first time at a thomas keller restaurant so i was pretty stoked. i ordered the chicken and waffles and they were... different. instead of fried chicken, it was a single grilled chicken leg. the waffles were ho-hum and the syrup had a strange odor. we spent a few minutes trying to figure out what was in the syrup. turns out it was a chunk of bacon, haha.. maybe it's just me but i think fried chicken goes better with waffles.
More deserving of 3.5 stars. Perhaps I need to come here for a dinner date and not for brunch...hungover? . . We came here for brunch last Sat morning. Our party of 12 had to wait for about 40 minutes. Not too bad I guess, considering how big our group was. But really...there weren't that many diners in the restaurant. There were plenty of open tables inside AND out. Eventually, we were seated in a private dining room in the back. The thing that annoyed me most was that the front desk hostess kept giving us false time frames on when our table would be ready. . . So, let's talk food. Our waitress was a sweetheart and she knew how to sell the menu! I was salivating when she described the dishes to us. Eventually, I settled for the sourdough waffles with fresh strawberries. YUMMY and definitely filling. It came with a side of Tahitian vanilla bean butter!! Yes!!!  I couldn't finish my plate, but perhaps it was because I was was feeling queezy from the night's booze fest. A popular dish at our table was the corned beef hash. Again, large portions. Their beef was a bit dry though. . . Don't miss out on their drink menu...it's quite unique and tasty!
I was so wishing I could give this place 5 stars...a t least 4. Unfortunately I was disappointed. This was my first Thomas Keller experience and I really wanted it to be special :(. . The restaurant is very classy and the service was what you'd expect from a place of this caliber. It's the food that left me disappointed. They started me off with some french bread (too hard) and warm pistachios. I had the crispy frog legs (didn't care for them too much), grilled sturgeon (a lot of flavors that didn't necessarily go together well) and profiteroles with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce (ok).. . The setting was nice -- outdoor by the pool. All in all, won't be back given the options here :(
During my last trip to Vegas I happened to come here twice in as many meals (two different groups of friends wanted to come here to try this place, so I obliged). For dinner the first night, I ordered the leg of lamb. The food was good, but the portion was rather small, and I definitely left the meal still hungry and kind of regretting not joining my other group of friends at the Wynn buffet that night. . . As for the brunch meal the next day, I ordered the chicken and waffles. The texture of the food was unique and I could tell took a lot of skill to do, but unfortunately the flavors were a bit underwhelming. The chicken was cooked well, but the gravy was not palatable to me, and the waffles were lacking flavor.. . Service both times was good, and on both occasions made reservations only a few hours before each meal without any problems, so our parties were able to avoid waiting for a table each time. I would be hesitant to come back again as I feel the food is a bit overpriced for what it is, but may agree to try this place again depending on my mood at the time. I have to say I was a bit on the disappointed side, but will round this up to a 3 star review.
I've eaten here a few times now. I definitely preferred dinner over Sunday brunch. The waits are usually long, and the food is good, but not spectacular. I prefer the bakery items. Those are sensational. Especially the cheese Danish. So good.
So many reviews of this restaurant rave about the amazing service and food. I unfortunately have to share my experience and it was a sorry excuse for an establishment of this caliber. I went for brunch on a Sunday, and arrived shortly before it got really busy. We had an abundance of waiters so it was nice to have drinks constantly refilled. The bread was nice and chewy, the beignets were delicious and the mimosa was divine. I decided to order one of their specials, the eggs Benedict. My entree arrived looking like it sat under a heat lamp for 30 minutes. I immediately cut into my poached eggs to see if they were runny, and was sadly disappointed to see that they were fully cooked. I hesitated to send them back, then my friend reminded me that I was paying $27 for this plate so I might as well get it right. I sent it back and received another plate a few moments later. The eggs on this dish were better, still not completely runny but I accepted it. The dish was quite tasty and satisfying. The waiter apologized several times for the mishap but it still left a sour taste in my mouth after wanting to eat here for so long and then paying $80 plus tip for brunch.
As a big fan of Thomas Keller, I feel like this location doesn't quite uphold the quality expected.  The freshly baked signature bouchon bread is still good and comes with butter and a strawberry jam.  They offer chicken and waffles here, but unfortunately the chicken is baked instead of ad-hoc fried.  The portions are fairly generous, but many dishes could be cooked better and just don't pack quite as much flavor as you would probably expect.
Who the F hired the hostesses that work here?. . My sis and I decided to grab dinner here during our stay in Vegas this weekend.  She had been here before & loved it, and I trust her judgement.  We arrived around 9:00 and I asked for a table for a party of 2.  The blond hostess looks at me, kind of like she was contemplating whether to seat us or not, says, "Um okay?" Then she asks us if we would like to wait at the bar or in the lounge, and I said the lounge, so we proceeded to wait in the lounge.  She did not take down our name, by the way.. . As we were waiting, I noticed at least 8 parties roll in after we arrived & get seated before us.  Not okay.  Did we look too young?! Were we not dressed up enough?  . . I was livid.  Then I decided that it would be clever to make a reservation for 9:30 right then & there on opentable to see if it would get us seated quicker.  But then around the 10th party that got seated before us & arrived after, I got super pissed off and went up to the guy at the front desk this time and asked him how much longer we'd have to wait to get seated.  The hostess had told us a few minutes and it was now 25 minutes later. He asked for my name, to which I then said, "The hostess didn't take down our name, and I just made this reservation a couple minutes ago on open table, because I wasn't sure what it would take to get a table." He immediately said that our table was ready.. . The rest of the experience was great.  I LOVED our server. He was so funny and attentive.  5 stars for our awesome server. 3.5 stars for the food. We started off with the beignets.  Delicious, but a bit too salty and I think I tasted alcohol in it.  My sis ordered the trout and I ordered the mussels.  The trout was amazing! It came with toasted almonds and green beans.  Perfectly cooked.  My mussels were good, not great, but good.  Ended the meal with the creme brulee, which was a great choice.. . Thank goodness for our server constantly checking up on us and cracking jokes.  Otherwise my night would have been ruined by that dumb blond hostess.  I managed to throw her a dirty look as we were getting seated, so that made me feel a bit better.
If you're specifically looking for a French style brunch with very heavy food, this is the place to be. If you plan on doing anything else for the rest of your day, probably not the best idea.. . I ordered the Croque Madame, and it was definitely very tasty. Full of rich flavor. But man, for hours later I felt like I was walking around with a brick in my stomach. True to French form (or at least, the stereotype), they really pack as many heavy calories as possible into a small mass of food. My wife is a huge fan of both bread pudding and french toast, so the combo of both on the menu had to be a big hit, right? Same issue though, she said it was just too over the top with sweetness and heaviness.. . Granted, this is more of a "not my kind of food" review, but hopefully the above description will give you a better idea of what you're getting into. I'm glad I tried it, but I don't think I'll be going back. The service was also very spotty, which I hardly ever care about, but this time it was pretty glaring. At times, it felt like they forgot we were there for even simple things like a menu, providing bread with the butter and jelly they put on the table, taking our order, getting our check, etc. Tthough they were very sharp with refilling our waters, I'll give them that.
Brunch was pretty good, but not great:. - Croque Madame was solid. Nothing to complain about but nothing to write home about either. Imagine if they jazzed it up with tastier ham, or a more unique bechamel.... - the "French toast" is an apple bread pudding with syrup. Again, good but not great.. - The service was a bit forced, at times comical in trying to put on Parisian airs---when the Midwestern boy waiter insists on calling your fries "pommes frites" you gotta chuckle.. - what's nice is the room---one of the rare restaurants on the strip with a sunny, airy quality.. - nice bloody Mary: the lime zest with the salt on the rim was a good touch. Was it worth the $12.50 though?...
Went here for Brunch this past weekend.  It was ok. I ordered the corned beef hash w/ scrambled egg whites on top w/ brioche toast.  The dish was ok.  I've had better.  But it was definitely the first time I've seen the potatoes/meat cubed.  The bread they served in the beginning was pretty cool looking and pretty fresh and yummy.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy their dish but not amazed or anything.. . I guess its a good place to go for brunch when you're in Vegas.
I'll start off by saying that I had an enjoyable dinner at Bouchon, but judging from the reviews on yelp, Bouchon's strong point is probably their brunch.. . Between myself and my two companions, we had: a dozen oysters, a duck breast salad, grilled octopus salad, a summer squash soup, two lamb dishes, the roast chicken, a cardamom pot de creme and a creme brulee.. . The highlight of the meal was the dessert, closely followed by the oysters -- the rest of the dishes were good but nothing was surprising.. . Also, the hostess was rude to my friends and I was a little disappointed that their in-restaurant menu was different and less adventurous than what was posted on the website.
If I was reviewing the food alone, Bouchon would be 5 stars hands down. But a big part of dining experience is the service, and that was bad. . . We had a group of 8, walked in a few minutes before our reservation, the hostess said our table is being setup right now and we'll be seated in 10 minutes. 30 minutes we finally got seated. . . The bread and toasted pistachios were delicious, but that's all we had to munch on for another good 20 minutes before the waiter came over and very rudely interrupted our table's conversation to read us the specials. Another 15 minutes to come back and take our orders. . . I ordered the daily special, braised short ribs with polenta, caramelized shallots, spinach, and shiitake mushroom fondue. By then I was famished, couldn't wait to eat my amazing meal, but after the rest of my table all got their dinners, mine still wasn't out. Short ribs already braised for 12hrs should have been the first thing on the plate! Nobody came to check if everything was ok, we had to flag down a waiter to let them know that we're missing a plate. The manager came by to apologize that the waiter forgot to put my order in, by the time I finally got my meal, the rest of my table's dinners were getting cold. These are the times when I would reduce the tip, a tip is purely for good service, but of course they have a "mandatory" 20% already added to the bill. . . While the food was good, I would probably never come back here again. Now that I think about it, haven't had a great experience with service at any French restaurant.
Pretty place, but pretty overrated.  I wanted to love it as I heart the strawberry croissant he has in his bakery, but breakfast at Bouchon was pricey and so average.  . My quiche was dry and had too much of an egg taste.  I know, it is a quiche - what did I expect!?!  My fault for ordering it and trying to order something new.  The french toast was too fancy in a layered circle ring.  It was more like dessert and not at all breakfast-like.  The lobster egg benedict was good.  My uncle took off ALL the wild mushrooms as they tasted 'weird'.    I guess fancy food is lost on me.  However, the Croque Madame was the WINNER - ham and cheese on brioche with a fried egg topped with some kinda creme sauce and fries on the side.   That was the BEST dish of all.   . . The our server was a bit haughty and answered our questions with a straight face - no smile - no small talk.  She gave us our bill without a pen and made a face when I asked for one.   . . Next time I'll hit the coffee cart by the escalators and get a Bouchon strawberry croissant at a very small fraction of the price of brunch.
Definitely pricey so be prepared. Also there was a 30 minute wait when we got there. If you are in the waiting area, sometimes they have samples to calm your hunger.. . Things we ordered:. . Corned beef hash - nothing special about this dish.It looked pretty but was a bit salty for my taste. . . Sourdough Waffles - Sourdough waffles with bananas, toasted walnuts, maple syrup & Tahitian vanilla bean butter. My partner thought that this was excellent!. . Chocolate Croissant - we took to-go for the plane ride home and it was absolutely magnificent.
Being a food enthusiast and culinary hobbyist, I was more than a little excited to be going to brunch with my wife at Thomas Keller's Bouchon. . . Perhaps a little too much so. . . I've never had the privilege to dine at the world famous French Laundry in Napa, but when you're pimping your "other restaurant" with the name and reputation you established at the first, I think it's completely understandable for people to expect something special from the "other restaurant".  . . While everything we had was very good and impeccably prepared. Nothing was what I would call special.  Especially not for the price tag that comes attached. . . Maybe my expectations were a little high, but I expected something more...  well, "Wow!", and what we got was something that many hobbyists could have executed with equal success.. . I had a white sausage made from veal and chicken with a beurre noisette, which was served with eggs, and for this I was charged $25. . . The sausage was extremely delicate but also very mild; to the point where you were looking for some flavor. This is fine if the sausage is to be accompanied by a sauce or something else, but this was given just a smidgeon of beurre noisette, which was also extraordinarily mild to the point of being also barely perceptible. . . And the eggs were, well eggs.. . The breads were excellent, the service was excellent, D'Artagnan also excellent, but it was not anything more (nor less) than I would have been able to get at any other nice hotelrestaurant serving breakfast/brunch. . . In fact there is a semi-high restaurant not too far from me in Newport Beach that doesn't have the benefit of a James Beard Award winner as their owner, and for that same price, I can get unlimited mimosas, and brunch items like salmon, or even venison, that put to shame Bouchon's sausage, and their brunch is also usually accompanied by a jazz combo or piano. . . So I was mildly disappointed with my first taste of a Thomas Keller menu.
This is a fun place to eat and the prices are very reasonable. The food is not great, but not bad.. . The mussels are devine.. . Great place for a group. Trendy but not overpowering.
Went here for brunch with some friends my last trip to vegas. I think I expected too much out of the restaurant because it wasn't all that I hyped it up to be in my head. I had to croque madame which was really good, a little heavy on the sauce over the sandwich but other than that no complaints. It comes with a ton of fries so if you love fries like I do you'll love it! The service was ok, could have been better. We were waiting there and had to ask for the bread when there was people seated after us that already received some, and no plates for the bread either! c'mon! I don't know if it's because we had a pretty large group but still. An upside is while you wait  to be seated they offer little samples of their pastries and free bags of caramel corn when you leave! Highlight of my whole experience there.
I was at  Vegas few weeks ago for my sister's bachalorette weekend. We were a group of 7 girls, having a blast! We had dinner at Buchon on our first night. The service is friendly and professional. The place is nicely decorated. . . I had the skate as a main course. It was beautifully presented but the skate was a bit salty. But, everyone else was happy with their meal. Unfortunately, we didn't have time to stay for dessert. I'll definitively give it another try and have dessert!
Made a special trip to Vegas for food, and this was one of our stops.  I love the restaurant, it's a shame it's such a nightmare to get to, but that's the Venetian's fault.. . I had the Steak Frites and it was amazing.  Enormous pile of some of the best fries I've ever had and a wonderful steak covered in herb butter.  My friend ordered some beef special that was underwhelming to say the least.  The polenta that it came with was so oversalted that it nearly ruined the rest of my meal.  I thought it was a single time mistake, but reading other reviews, I see that someone in the back thinks it's hilarious to oversalt everything.. . We came back for breakfast and my Croque Madame (with another huge pile of fries) was served cold with a completely flavorless sauce.  My friend got the white sausage and eggs.  The sausage was fine, the eggs were standard diner rubbery eggs.  The pineapple jam for breakfast is pretty memorable.. . I'd go back for the Steak Frites but I'm afraid to venture too far from that because everything else was pretty bad.
The venue is very nice and the patio out by the pools is a great place to dine. I was hoping to be blown away by this place, especially given the prices on the menu, but my experience was average. I went for breakfast and had thestandard breakfast - eggs, bacon, white sausage, toast, coffee, and a sticky bun. The eggs, bacon and coffee were good, and I'm sure a sausage lover would enjoy the white sausage. The sticky bun was way too hard and difficult to eat. I was expecting something softer like a cinnamon roll, but it was like a bun covered in really hard candied toffee. I still think this place is worth visiting, but you should definitely order a truly "French" dish. My breakfast was not bad, but I could not really tell the difference between the breakfast I had here versus a breakfast you can have at Denny's.
Was looking forward to brunch at Bouchon, but was disappointed this time because all of the bread was slightly stale.  BOOO!
We were staying at the Venetian and came downstairs to Bouchon for breakfast at 11:00 since it's convenient. Only to our disappointment, breakfast is over at 10:30. BOO! This is Vegas people! 11:00 is early for us, especially from partying the night before... Sigh.... . They showed us their lunch menu and there were very limited items: 3 desserts, salads, and sandwiches. I got the chicken salad and my boyfriend got some sandwich with a crazy name. . . His sandwich was okay, but my salad wasn't great. It tasted dirty and the bread was stale. . . 3 stars because the service was really good, my boyfriend liked his sandwich, the interior is nice, and you get a view of the pool. I guess seeing the pool could be a pro or a con. Luckily no gross looking people were outside waddling around while we were eating. :) lol So mean..I know...
I was really excited to go here for dinner but it was not as good as everyone hyped it to be.. i had the chicken dish and a salad as a starter.. but u do have to say the desserts were reallly good.
Typical overpriced Vegas fancy pants restaurant.. . Pistachios to begin with.... ok. I'll eat them but it's still off.. . What did I eat again? I can barely remember because it was that forgettable (paired with the excessive drinking).. . Let me look the menu up online:. . Pate- typical pate. it was good. nothing special.. . Gnocchi- by far best dish of the night. Puffy little hot pockets of fluffy potato. Wow. I couldnt get enough!. . We shared something else but I don't see it on the menu and I remember none of us liked it anyways... so better for the restaurant that we don't remember.. . The place itself reminds me of a cafeteria. Also they don't serve bread plates because it's picnic style or some crap like that. There were crumbs everywhere!
Well friends, this will be my first official review and sad to say it maybe distasteful. I have been hearing good things from friends and other about this place, so I decided to place reservations for my friend bachelor's dinner. First I must state that the service is impeccable, that's why i gave it 3-stars. The bread was awesome, I loved the way they presented, twisted-style french bread. So we started with a few appetizers, french onion soup, endive salad, and fois gras. I got the french onion soup, and OMG that was sooo freakin' SALTY. That immediately tainted my taste buds, i thought it was just me but my other friends that had it also agreed. So, i was like ok, maybe that's just how they do it and it just not for me. My other friend got the salad, and he said that was way overpowered with dressing and bleu cheese. He said that it was like each sliver of endive was drenched in dressing, yuck! Maybe the favoring is just not for us? The fois gras, is a spread, not actual fois gras streak, so read carefully before you order that.. . Moving on to the main courses, we had 3 different entrees. I had the pan roasted leg of lamb, another had the trout, and 5 others had the rib-eye steaks. I was intrigued by the leg of lamb b/c it was accompanied by hen-of-woods mushrooms, which I had never had. I took a bite of lamb with a little bit of sauce, and it was good a little salty but it was cooked well. I took another bite with a little bit of the spinach and mushrooms which layed in a pool of sauce, and OMFG that was once of the SALTIEST things i had eaten. It honestly, made my stomach cringe. It tasted like i was eating a pack of the flavoring you put into your instant ramen noodles. YES, it was that salty. I'm not a that much of a picky eater but damn that was not good at all. I had all my friends taste my dish and they all agreed. And the steak, wasn't that impressive either. Rib-eye? Where's the marbling of the meat, and the flavor? . . I like the place, the decor, and atmosphere but the food, not so much. Barely reaching par for a fine-dining restaurant. Disappointed. Maybe brunch is better, but i don't think I will be coming back here.
i think the group i was with, including my wife hyped this place up way too much.  i didn't care too much for my dish, but my wife's meal was excellent.. . i had the steak frites and although it was cooked to perfection, the taste just wasn't there. the steak was rather bland and the caramelized onions did nothing for adding flavor.  i was expecting a melt-in-your mouth experience, but the meat was a little tough even though i ordered it medium-rare.  the fries were cooked well, but there were more than i cared for.. . the wife ordered moules au safran and she loved them.  the mussels were good and plump.  the broth smelled delicious and tasted great.  everybody had a dip into the broth a piece of the baguette...delicious.
I think Bouchon probably deserves 3 stars based on my first visit, but I'm willing to give it another try. It is a very pretty dining room and the atmosphere was really nice. My boyfriend and I went for brunch on a Sat. We ordered chicken and waffles, steak frites, 1/2 dozen oysters, and cocktails.. . Just briefly.... Bread and butter: awesome soft butter...hard bread. Oysters: really fresh but specify what types of oysters you want to your waitress. Chicken and waffles: pretty good but nothing out of the ordinary. Steak frites: good. . My only compliant, which isn't really a complaint because the staff was really nice...is that I wish we were served by one person only so that's it's more consistent and timely. We had our waitress and different servers who delivered each of our items. Our items came at odd intervals. There was a big gap between the bread and butter and our oysters, our main dishes didn't come at the same time...and when I asked the waitress if my drink was still coming after we had started our dishes, she seemed genuinely surprised it hadn't. Maybe it's because the bartender delivers the drinks himself? I'm not really sure, but that would be my only suggestion, one person to take care of everything or better communication.
Sorry despite all the rave reviews on Yelp, i was not so impressed with Le Bouchon. I never goto French restaurants, the food is too bland or too sweet...i need to have some spice in my food. But, given all the good reviews on yelp, i gave it a shot. I ordered the Chicken Waffles which was alright. My wife got the French Toast which was made very differently than normal French Toast...it was very rich n too sweet, couldn't eat it after a while. Drinks were ok. Nothing special here in my opinion. If you like bland food, I guess then this place is for you.
The food was bland and not exceptional. Service was well-meaning but slow and ragged and the atmosphere consists mostly of the loud din of the dining room.. . Pros: Mural. . Cons: Ambience, Service
came here for dinner the first time. . service was excellent. . the country styled pate and the french fries were too salty that they ruined the rest of my meal. . the roasted chicken dish was okay only, nothing special.  . the mussels dish was very good. . the creme brulee was the best i have had. . the paring white wine was very good. . . portion is about average.... . plan to come back to try the rest of the menu? yes.
Had a quick lunch here.  Limited menu of sandwiches and salads.  Enjoyed the pommes frites and the steak sandwich as well as the classy ambiance but pricey for what you pay for. . . Bouchon accepts credit cards including Amex.
I came here for brunch TWICE while on business.  . . Service was generally slow and the food was generally good but doesn't warrant the hype.  I've sampled the following:. . Croque Madame: Good but greasy. LobsterEggs Benedict Special: Yum but the server did forget to ask for the hollondaise to be put on the side. Pain au chocolat: Yum, but I've had better elsewhere (the little pastry shop outside Macy's Mens at South Coast Plaza - forget the name of the shop). . I would expect a better level of service and food with a restaurant attached to the Thomas Keller name and expect that this place is going to turn into those chains (like what Emeril and Bobby Flay already have) because it brings in the MONEY!
The bread and the butter were amazing.  The salad the waiter recommended (with the gooey egg) was hopelessly bland and the lamb shank had the unmistakable taste and texture of leftovers--not bad leftovers, but not what you'd expect if the shank was crafted that day.  The sauce was meager tastingand way too gelatinous.  . .      And I'm not sure if it was due to the number of heart attacks diners have in LV or not, but there seemed to be no salt in or on anything (including the fries, which were just ok, too).  I've eaten here before (for breakfast, which was awesome), but dinner was only satisfactory.
3.5 stars. We had our first and our last meal at Bouchon. On the first visit, the service was impeccable (5 star). Second visit it was pretty indifferent (2.5 stars). . . First visit, all of the food was delicious (4.5 stars). On the second visit it was a little disappointing...... . It's a shame that inconsistency seems to be an issue with the best of restaurants -- but also telling  as to why those special experiences are really special. Also an indication of just how difficult it is to deliver to their standards and customer expectations each and every time.. . That all being said, this will be on my list to visit on next trip to Las Vegas -- and there's a good chance it will be the first meal.
Was a little disappointed here.  The food to me was very average and a bit on the salty side.  Our waiter was also a bit preoccupied talking to one specific table for a really long time to give us decent service.
After hearing of the painstakingly long lines for buffet in Vegas for Thanksgiving, we decided to try a fancy sit-down restaurant for dinner.  The Thanksgiving special of the night was your choice of turkey pot pie or sliced turkey with mashed potatoes, cranberry sauce, and stuffing ($38 for either option).  I went with the more traditional sliced turkey breast (free range), which was juicy and flavorful.  The stuffing was an interesting mix of the dark meat of the turkey with bread stuffing.  Unfortunately, it was very salty which made it difficult to eat.  The cranberry sauce was excellent, with just the right amount of sweet and tart flavor, and the mashed potatoes were, well, just your standard mashed potatoes (albeit freshly made).  . . Prior to the turkey, I had the gnocchi appetizer, which was delicious and perfectly cooked.  In a similar vein, someone that had the French onion soup remarked that it was the best French onion soup he's ever had.  . . Due to the holiday rush of patrons, service was slow and it took a very long time to get our entrees in.  Luckily, we had bread and appetizers to tide us over, and at least we could admire the elegant ambiance of the room while we were waiting.
bouchon may have had its days but the 3 of us didnt really find our dinner to be amazeballs as expected. food was well-prepared as would be expected, but we all ended up feeling sick post-dinner. not cool. most memorable thing would have to be the bread. that's it.
We ate at Bouchon for dinner.. . Their menu was so adorable. It was made out of paper and folded around each of our table napkins. We have to unfold it to see the menu choices.. . Our server was excellent. He was good at explaining what off-menu items there are. He also kept our table clean from the bread crumbs we get from eating their bread.. . Our water was kept filled by other waiters and our dishes were always taken away as soon as we were finished with them.. . My recommendations:. - Escargot: The escargot is served with a puffy pastry on top. The pastry was nice and crunchy and complimented the escargot pretty well.. - Pate: Very yummy spread.. - Mussels entree: The sauce and the mussels tasted pretty good.. . For my entree I ordered the salmon which came with couscous. My dish did not taste salty at all and the salmon was not dry. However, I did taste some of the Steak "Diane" entree and it was pretty salty. The mussels entree was delicious though. The only thing I don't like about this entree is the big amount of fries they give. I try to avoid fries, but that's just me.. . I would come again in the future because of the great service and delicious appetizers. I will probably try something new for the entree though.
My friend the chef and obsessor over the owner of this place will probably want to beat me for lowering their overall rating by giving it a 3, but that's all it was for my fiance and myself. To be fair, this isn't really my style of food (a bit fancy for my taste) but we were trying to keep up with our friends and be refined...my mistake :-) lol. . My fiance and I both ordered the same thing, Steak and Frites. I don't do lamb, or fish, or chicken with bone, etc. so really, the steak was my only choice...and I love fries.. . The dish was fine, but I've had MUCH better steak at a lot of different places, and the fries were just fries. I ordered the vanilla creme brulee for dessert and while it was quite good, it didn't have anything with it. Usually vanilla creme brulee is served with some sore of fruit compote or cream on top...something. My fiance orderd the eggnog custard, he said it was REALLY good, but it was TINY for $9. It should have been AT LEAST twice the size. Overall, for portion size, I think it was overpriced, but I was kind of expecting that.. . I did like the ambiance of the place..very nice/cute. The service was excellent and the champagne that was recommended to us after we told our waiter what we liked was fantastic...an excellent suggestion! Our friends liked their dishes (chicken, and monk fish) and they were plated very nicely. . . We went because our friend is a big fan of the chef and being a cook himself he wanted to go, but this was not a place I would have chosen myself & I probably wouldn't return, but I wouldn't say I regret going.
With a high powered name like Thomas Keller behind the restaurant, expectations also run accordingly.  We went with a group of friends for dinner and felt that the food was fairly good, but not fantastically so.  It may have also been due to the fact that when you are in Vegas, with so many great places to eat, the curve works against you - it is like my freshman college bio class where 94% was a B+.. . The highlight of our dinner was the trout almondine.  I am not a big fan of trout, but this one in particular was so tender and delicate that it was one of the best fish dishes I have ever had.  The sliced almonds provided a nice mellow nutty contrast to the trout.  It was one of those dishes that shine without having loud flavors but yet provide a soothing feel to the palate,. . Saffron mussels were also decent, with nice creamy mussels.  We found the gnocchi was very doughy and bland - a definite pass.. . Overall, we enjoyed our dining experience here, but not so sure that it would be worth a repeat visit, especially in this town.
Get the house rose...order the caviar.  Get a french onion soup and just enjoy the scenery.. . There isn't much that can be said, that already hasn't been said.  I love this place it is a great place to hang out with friends or even enjoy an evening with the wife.  . . You will love the consistent food and the atmosphere.  Kinda confusing to get to though...I think i took 2 different elevators to get to the restaurant.. . Cheer!
They should serve free Champagne, just for the adventurous people able to find this restaurant inside the huge Venetian Casino hotel. (Hint: take the elevator next to the reception on the right, to the second floor. Make a left and go down the hall) Anyhow, the bartenders were friendly and made fantastic drinks, unfortunately not cold enough to my taste. But the drinks were good. Try their signature cocktail "Bouchon Cocktail?". I was expecting the frites to be fantastic, but got some fries that were hard in texture and "over-fried". Oh well, eat them anyway with my drinks. The Washington Oysters were excellent. It is the first time that I spend a hundred bucks at the bar for four drinks and a couple appetizers!  We got a fantastic table for dinner and our waiter was nice and easy-going, so was the busboy (I hate that term. Most gentlemen in that position are mature, very professional and respectable). Our salmons were cooked perfectly and the dish was quite sophisticated. Good overall experience.. I do really enjoy the french bistro atmosphere!
I really really wanted to like this place. I had heard so much about it, and was super excited when a client requested we go there. Unfortunately I was also super disappointed. I thought the food would be amazing and creative, but everything we ate seemed very commonplace, and nothing stood out. The presentation was impressive, but the food itself was not. The flavors were somewhat bland, and pretty plain.. . NOTE - we were a larger group, and we went on a Wednesday, so maybe it was an off night, or because we were a large group they were rushing - I don't know. All I know is, with all the hype around this place I was thrilled to get to go, but I was sad that it didn't live up to what I thought it would be. Maybe I will have to try again with a smaller group.
Not a must stop when I'm in Vegas, but definitely a treat. The croque madame is super rich with melted cheese and a wonderful, oozy egg on top. The hash is prepared with tiny ham squares, not at all oily, but during the meal I was wishing for a hamsteak. The chicken and waffle was all right--the chicken was just a tad dry, and the waffle didn't have that satisfying crunch, but the syrup was yum. I like the chocolate bouchons and the red velvet cupcake. And, since it's located in Vegas, I love that the place will serve me a double Jameson neat with my breakfast.
Bouchon.... eehh. It wasn't anything special. We came here after a couple of days of partying, drinking and madness. We were looking for a tasty relaxing something before we left Vegas that morning. We got the brunch.. . I think our expectations were to high for our own good. I ordered the waffles and was looking forward to a soft but crunchy treat. It arrived and it looked plane. it wasn't bad but for Bouchon I would think it would be better.. . i would rather try some other places in vegas than go back.
Bouchon got really good review so we decided to give it a try. The service is good  and the food was good but not to die for.  We had duck confit, cod beignet, steak frittes, turkey pot pie, onion soup, leek potato, salad frisse, trio tart of pecan pumpkin and apple. Of all the dishes, the pecan pie is the only reason I would go back.  My daughter says that my steak came out better than Bouchon and I thought that is really sad... if my steak can turn out better...
This is the second time I've been, the first for brunch with the family and recently for an early Valentine's dinner.  Had reservations for Feb 13 on a Monday at 8:30. Was running late and bumped it to 9pm. Bad mistake. Got there at 8:45 and sat at the bar for 45 minutes before being sat of our 9pm. Forgot Magic (the garment convention and not the "poof it's a bunny" magic) was in town.. . Started with the Seafood platter at the bar.  The oysters were great, the rest was good too (I mean, how can you ruin steamed seafood?).. . I ordered the leg of lamb over beans and the gf ordered the Eye of the Rib since they did not offer filet mignon and the only other steak option was a pan fried steak.. . The bread was PHENOMENAL! Of course, it's Bouchon!. . The lamb was a little bland and the best part of the dish was actually the beans (and I hate beans usually).. . The steak, ordered medium rare, had to be returned as it was cooked through. Not a good sign at a "nicer" restaurant, so we ordered it rare. A steakhouse should really know how to cook their steak.. . Long story short: it was just alright.  And for the price tag, I was expecting more than alright.  As I remembered the brunch, it was only alright also. So in the end, Bouchon gets a 3 star, alright rating.
Very good restaurant and waitstaff. The food and total experience I would give a 3 1/2 if I could. The best thing we had was the caviar which well is not much in cooking , but in the serving of all the condiments.  I do most of my ratings heavily on the cooking, and frankly i have had better. Writing this review a few days later I cannot seem to remember  what i had? (confirms which is not very memorable) I do remember the lamb being dry and sat on a plate of beans... un colorful and as it may be traditional? (unsure) seemed very dull to look at.  I remember! I had the scallops and the bone marrow.... marrow  was very good. Extremely indulgent but good! I must say the crostini they had with the marrow and the caviar was excellent!  The scallops were nicely prepared and as I was eating them I felt I have made scallops like this.  Maybe a different type of cream sauce, but really if I can do anything like this then.... well its gonna receive a 3 star. I feel if you're going to pay this amount $300.00 + the meal should be of a caliber that reminds you of eating in the south of France. Hmm.... well at least it should be amazing enough to make  you wonder  how they made it!
Here's the deal. The BF loved this place and his breakfast here was the best for him of the trip. I, however, was disappointed. So I am compromising and giving it 3 stars, when my food was probably 2 stars and his was 5. I was really looking forward to having breakfast here, but their website only has their brunch menu online, so I did not see the breakfast menu in advanced. I REALLY wanted chicken and waffles. Well, too bad for me, they don't have it at breakfast. They did, however, have a special that sounded delicious, a short rib hash with 2 eggs on top with toast. After hearing short rib, I was in. When I think of short rib, I think of braised short rib...long pieces of falling apart deliciousness in a richsauce. Not the case. This was chopped into small cubes short rib (and too much of it), with a tiny amount of potato and onion in it. The meat was lacking flavor and was a bit chewy. I did not like it, sorry Bouchon! I was really really regretting not just getting the eggs and toast breakfast. The good part, however, was they did have toast with home made jam that was good and the BF loved his food. He got the waffle (he ate waffles every day this trip) with bananas and nuts and tahitian vanilla butter. It was soooo good. Sickeningly good. I would think about coming back here, but for the price (40$ breakfast) and the food quality I was really disappointed....
We were really excited to eat at Bouchon, never having eaten at a Thomas Keller restaurant before. The decor is very French Bistro, down to the plants and brass railings. We ordered the appetizer, which was braised pork cheeks with a pearl barley risotto kind of thing. The cheeks were luke warm and the barley had a little toomuch acidity. When we commented to the server the the cheeks were just luke warm, he commented that "we don't really serve anything hot here."  HUH? Does Thomas Keller know that? The bread was good, I ordered roast chicken because Keller said that was the reason he opened the first Bouchon in the first place. To find a good roast chicken after work. The skin was crispy and it was cooked well, but it was a little bland. Truthfully, Costco's roast chicken has better flavor and is a sixth the price. The server seemed kind of distracted and a little out of sorts. The highlight of the whole meal was watching how good our server assistant was. He was everywhere at once and did a great job. I actually went and tipped him seperately because of his obvious work ethic. Wish he would have been our server.
sorry.. this is the third bouchon i've been to and i still don't get the hype. i keep thinking if i try a different one at a different location, that it would taste better. BUT. my french toast was so-so.. i guess my coworker's quiche was good.. the croque madame was really rich but kinda bland.. and they don't do anything for birthdays. it's just a "happy birthday" and that's it.. i do love their bouchons though.
There's something about brunch that I love, it's breakfast combined with lunch, okay and besides the fact that I get to sleep in and still be able to have breakfast items at a restaurant. . . Bouchon in Vegas is like staring at the statue of liberty at NYNY hotel. It's just not quite the same as the real thing. Not to sound disappointed here but the food we ordered was mediocre, I expected more.. . We ordered the croque madame and corn beef hash. The corn beef hash definitely stole the show. Croque Madame, a ham sandwich topped with a sunny side egg with a huge side of fries. Corn beef hash... well, is corn beef hash. It was chopped up potato and corn beef, great for sharing. Must try the fries, absolutely addicting, oh and the coffee. . . So my advice is to visit the Bouchon bakery at The Venetian instead. Grab a croissant, coffee and some macaroons.
Bouchon offers fine bistro style fare in a gorgeous and classy setting. However, I've been looking forward to a Thomas Keller dining experience but just wasn't wowed. To be fair, the food was executed well and I wasn't disapointed by the quality.
Hmmmm, I really wanted to love this place. It was either I came at the wrong time or the food was just really a-ok. I guess I don't read.. but I went during the weekday aka no succulent chicken and waffles. I was a bit bummed, didn't want to run out of the place when we're already seated al fresco, feeling like we're in France. So I gave it a try.. . We ordered the :. Croque Madame - Really really good. That Mornay sauce with the fried egg, yum!. Moules au Fenouil- Sadly a bit gritty.. However the sauce was lovely.. Truite Amandine - This was just so-so to me, the trout was cooked perfectly. Very light. . Service was slow, can't find any runners or waiters around from time to time. Overall, I was a bit disappointed, but I won't give up! i'll come for Sunday Brunch and see how that is.
Had this been some typical, trying-to-be-trendy French place 5 miles from my house, I'd be giving 4.5 to 5 starts.  But it isn't.  Bouchon has to be judged based on what it is: a (supposedly) elegant, innovative, and exceptional Thomas Keller outpost, on a mezzanine level of one of Vegas's nicer hotels.  . . I came here with three other friends the week after my birthday, and wasn't really impressed.  While this might be a product of stratospheric expectations, there were some pretty basic things that stand out as very average and generic.  . . Let's start with the ambiance--the decor is impressive; nice without being overbearing.  The patio (we didn't sit there, but we checked it out) was an incredible, almost Shakespearean paradise.  But there was a white paper table cloth covering our table.  Eeek.  Seemed a little counter-to the attempt at elegance, to me.. . Our waiter was friendly, and I would have liked him, had he been serving me at Red Lobster or Texas Roadhouse.  But in a nice place, I would have liked less down-to-earth friendliness and more formal stoicism.  At least TRY to uphold the atmosphere.. . The food was good but not great, and nothing came close to wowing me to the point of NEEDING the food again.  The closest that came was the bone marrow (which I'm a sucker for anyway), but as far as bone marrow that I've had, it was pretty standard.  The lamb shoulder (my entree) was well cooked, but unremarkable.  I actually can't remember what it was served with, which I'm disappointed to say.
Wasn't as good as everyone says....bread was delicious, fries were good too. The other things were just okay...
For a Thomas Keller restaurant - I expected a little bit more. My dinner was amazing, my friend's was mediocre, and the drinks were wayyyy too strong with very little flavor besides alcohol. But anyways.... . The setting is breathtaking. Bouchon is nestled in the gorgeous Venetian hotel. Even though we arrived well past dinner hour, the smell of fresh bread was the first thing to hit our noses as we approached. . . At the recommendation of multiple Yelp reviews, my friend got the Croque Madame - which was good, but was basically a ham and cheese sandwich. The fried egg and butter sauce added a rich component to the dish, but caused the bread on the sandwich to get super soggy. The fries, on the other hand, were piping hot, salty, and delicious.. . My meal was outstanding. I ordered the trout, which was served whole with hericot verde and almonds. The fish flaked away perfectly, the haricot verde were crispy, green and fresh, and the almonds were sliced thin and added delicious flavor and texture. . . The service was okay, our food arrived hot, but it took way too long to get our check back, and our server never checked on us after we received our food. We had a good experience, but with so many incredible fine-dining restaurants on the strip, Bouchon needs to step it up a bit.
A little disappointing.  Keller is one of my heroes, so I was expecting a little sprinkle of culinary magic on my food.  What I had was a good, competent brunch, but nothing more.. . I ordered the mussels and fries (moule frites).  Fries were good, very nice and crispy and properly salty, but were served in a large cone, so that the fries at the bottom of the cone were crushed and steamed by the heat of the fries on top.  The broth served with the mussels was underwhelming and very one-note.  It needed some acid or fennel or something to kick it up.  I've made better myself.. . I also sampled some of my wife's chicken and waffles, which were better.  The waffles were really good: a slightly firm crunch on the outside followed by a soft, almost pudding-like inside.  The chicken was very moist and flavorful, but should have had a crispier skin.  It was also served with a gravy that was just too salty, almost like it came from an instant gravy pack.. . Prices were high ($20 per entree, $15 per cocktail), but pretty standard for a Vegas Strip restaurant.  Not a bad meal, just not a particularly great one.
I went there for 10th year anniversary because we saw Anthony Bourdain poured wine on the table after he tasted their fries on his Vegas episode. Was disappointed, at $7 a pop it was not worth the money. I ordered the fish dish but it has bones in it and was not very tasty at all. Would rather spend my money at my favorite Chinese restaurant, the chef at least knows how to cook fish... And for the money I paid, I could have ordered for 10 people if I ate some other place. If I paid that kind of money, the food better be so good i will never forget the experience. But really, the food is mediocre. Gave it 3 stars because my husband enjoyed his dish and the service is very good.
I have to agree with some of the reviewers here....I was expecting more from a Thomas Keller's restaurant.  The food was decent, but there was no wow factor. Guess, I'll have to pray for a miracle to happen so that i can crack the reservation code to The French Laundry in order to really taste his real works. Anyhow, outdoor patio is nice, staff was also attentive. The location of the restaurant was a bit tricky, so definitely ask the staff at the Venetian for directions, else, you'd prob end up doing a walking tour of the whole place. I will prob try out other French restaurants in Vegas next time i come back.
Bouchon... tsk, tsk, tsk.  If it wasn't for your pleasant waitress and that beautiful sauce on the truite amandine, I would've ran out of there as soon as I could. Well, I kinda did that anyway. I get it that it was during the peak hour of lunch, but why are you so loud?  I'm glad that my friends at least liked what they ordered, but they too had the same thoughts overall. I'm also glad I didn't have a hangover to make things worse. I'll give it to you that the set up was somewhat rugged and sorta classy,  but how could you serve me a 6 oz. pasteurized orange juice from the gallon for $6? I know you can do better! I can taste the plastic on that sucker. Ew. Ok, call me picky but I had a high regard for anything Keller and I was really looking forward to an overall experience.  So it's not you Mr. Keller... it's me.  Goodbye (*sniff) maybe, just maybe someday we'll see each other again.
Good brunch for a pretty penny.. . I thought I'd be wowed but I wasn't. The food was good but not mind-blowing.. . Service was on-point as you would expect in a place like this.. . The chicken and waffles were good but really overpriced for what it is - around $25.. . The salmon rillette was tasty. . . The salads were not entree sized. The flavor was average.. . Beignets were fine but still not amazing.. . The corned beef hash, again fine not amazing.. . The coffee was excellent.. . Just underwhelmed by my Thomas Keller experience. Guess I'll have to go to the French Laundry for the real deal. I'll save my pennies for that.
Came here for dinner, after a great "run" downstairs in the sportsbook and the tables, and had only one thing in mind....the roasted chicken!  I've frequented the Napa location somewhat often, and the roast chicken is still my number one....at the Napa location, and will always get at least a 4star rating.. . In this case, I was utterly disappointed.  Dry, almost flavorless chicken breast was what greeted my first bite!  I'm a dark-meat fan, purely due to its moisture, depth of flavor, and its succulence, so I already knew the dark meat will satisfy.  But the white meat in this case was typical of ANYWHERE else!  I'm not sure if the Las Vegas location is lacking the passion of its Napa bretheren, but the execution needs some adjustment.  The roast chicken in Napa seriously kills this 10-fold, with the breast just as succulent and moist as the thigh/leg.. . Best part of the meal?  The onion soup, and the amazing bread and butter!  I left the chicken on the plate, but destroyed the soup and bread as if that was what I came there for.  As for a return visit....it'll have to wait till my next visit to Yountville.
We had dinner there this past weekend and had high hopes but they fell a little short.  It was a perfectly fine dinner but with a name like Thomas Keller attached to the name, I expect elevated everything.. . We had a reservation and they ran 20 minutes past.  Our server was delightfully low-key and the appetizers were delicious.  Fresh pea soup, bib lettuce salad, and oysters. Yum!. . The main course was where things started to go wrong.  All entrees were too salty to enjoy.  I ate about a quarter of my trout and my husband had about the same with his gnocchi.  Also, the portion sizes were HUGE.  I know this is America: Land of Large Portions but again, I was expecting something abit more refined.. . Add to that the fact that the restaurant terrace backs on to the pool at the Venetian which remains open until 9pm....(which means you'll be treated to whoop whoops of drunk party goers if you dine before 9pm)...it felt a little 'average' and not 'amazing.'. . Not likely to return.
I had brunch here with some friends.  The food here is good, but very pricey.  Service is good.. . The bread was good.  The beignets were good as well.  My main dish was the chicken and waffles.  The chicken was tasty and juicy.  The waffles were unmemorable, but solid.  Portion sizes were pretty good and I left the establishment full.. . I expected more from a Thomas Keller restaurant - while the food was good, it was not overly memorable, which I was expecting given the relative high price and the Thomas Keller brand name.
Came for dinner with two close friends during our most recent Vegas trip. I've heard good things about Bouchon and Thomas Keller so I was really excited. . . The service was really good but the food fell a bit short of expectations. . . Service: Our waiter was pretty good. He knew the specials of the day and was able to suggest wines that complemented our entrees. He was really sneaky about figuring out who's birthday it was without asking us upfront (did it when he carded us for our drinks). Funny thing, the birthday girl ended up not coming to dinner so he just assumed it was the guy who didn't get a drink that night. LOL...props to him and his detective skills though!. . Food: . Duck Confit -- the duck was delicious. Outside was nice and crisp while the inside was very nice and tender. The accompanying lentils and vegetables were delicious too, but they didn't complement the duck very well.. . Veal -- very tender. I can't remember what else was on the plate (left the menu in the hotel room...foodie fail) but the presentation was really nice. . . Roasted leg of lamb -- much lighter than expected. The components worked well together but I was hoping for a richer sauce and bolder flavors. Polenta wasn't too heavily seasoned which actually worked out well with the dish (surprisingly since I love super rich polenta haha).. . Sole -- one of the richer dishes of the night. Comes with some clams and chickpeas.. . French fries -- were pretty delicious. Our server recommended them since they're supposedly known for their fries (fried in peanut oil). I was really disappointed that they just serve them with regular ketchup though...for the price I was expecting house-made ketchup or a more unique dipping condiment.. . Pot de Creme (strawberry flavored) -- good end to the meal. We all wanted something light and fruity. It's a good size for two if you don't have enough room for a full dessert.. . Birthday dessert (chocolate cake, mint/ginger ice cream) -- super delicious. The ice cream was a nice surprise (wasn't expecting that flavor profile) and the chocolate cake was really rich and decadent.. . Overall, A-OK experience. I'm actually more curious about their brunch offerings now after reading other reviews and considering how much I like their bakery...
I had dinner here on 7/6/12, I was really looking forward to my culinary experience at this restaurant, but, left rather disappointed.   After all there are a number of wonderful restaurants to chose from so was a bit tough deciding on one.  (limited time). . Service - Top notch all around.  Bartender, waiter, bussers all excellent.. . Appetizer -The beef marrow was superb. Done just right!  My partners, Crispy Duck Confit (a special), was neither crispy nor a confit (nor very special).  It was what seemed to be a boiled duck leg atop of sauteed vegi's.  Not spectacular, interesting or tasty at all.. Main Course - My Veal Chateaubriand was rather bland.  I loved the crispy polenta and the figs.  Expensive polenta and fig dish.  My partners Beef Short Ribs (another special)was extremely good.  Very hearty, full of flavor and satisfying!  So two hits and two rather large misses.  For this type of restaurant thats a big miss!
I have been waiting for quite some time to return to Bouchon and I am pleased to say that the second trip was far superior. I still have to give it a three though as the seared duck from my first visit still deserves mention and stands out in my memory.. It was perhaps the toughest piece of duck I have ever eaten. So lesson learned. Don't order the duck if it is on the menu. I fear it was a frozen breast tha twas quickly thawed and cooked. Maybe not. But it was tough as heck.
This review is for dinner.  Had some fois gras for the first time.  My palate must not be that sensitive.  It tasted mainly like butter.  $25 for 2.5 oz.  The entrees were decent.  I had some lamb, because they were out of my first choice.  The service could have been a bit better, but overall it was fine.
How it pains me to write this review just to drop a star off my last review. . . I love Bouchon. I really do. I frequent the Bouchon in Beverly Hills, but we came here on my last Vegas trip. We were seated on the outside patio and service was completely LACKING. A good amount of time passed before our server even popped up. We placed our orders and she dropped off some jam and butter shortly after. What was missing was the bread. I'm also not sure why we didn't have bread plates because I've always had them on my table on prior visits. Our bread came way later and just a bit before our entrees. My chicken and waffles were great as usual (they've changed it a bit since my last time ordering them. They add bacon and chives to the waffles now). But back to my main point, water glasses would sit empty for a good amount of time before being refilled. It was hard to catch someone's eye to get their attention. We sat around waiting to grab someone's attention just to get a box. I'm not sure if service would have been different inside, but it was extremely lacking at this location compared to my previous visit about a year and a half ago (or to their other locations for that matter).. . I'll have to give them another chance since I seriously adore their food if I'm in Vegas again, but for now, I'm sticking with the Bouchon in BH for my weekend brunches.. . Note: They do not take reservations for brunch at this location either.
It must have been an off day.. . Yes, I was not in a healthy state to be eating my food but had my sore throat been gone, I'm sure I would have had the same reception to the French Toast before me. Petite, cinnamon, tart... a flavor combination I am not fond of. My other friend who was perfectly fine didn't seem to care for the toast either.. . What I can assess is that the service was particularly slow that day. I felt like everyone around us was getting tended to but us. When I had my water refilled, the waiter unknowingly allowed all the condensation from the pitcher to drip down onto my pants. As far as the food, no one professed that their dish was out of this world and for that reason, I have to give it an A-OK rating.
I was extremely excited for this place because it was Thomas Keller's restaurant but I thought the experience was mediocre. The ambience is fantastic--great lighting and set-up but I was not too impressed by the food. . . The octopus salad I had was quite nice and interesting but it was a bit too tart. The french onion soup was a bit too salty. Their carrot soup was quite nice though. For my main dish, I got the Sole Mariniere which was beautiful in looks but was drenched in their salty veggie broth. I am Vietnamese so I don't have a sensitive palate but this was really overdoing it.. . The rest of the table ordered the Poulet Roti (roasted chicken), Veal Chateaubriand. (seared veal loin), and Steak Frites (pan-seared flatiron). They were pretty good but nothing spectacular. . . Overall, I was disappointed by the lackluster dining experience for such an expensive meal.
**BRUNCH REVIEW ONLY**. . After watching their segment on Anthony Bourdain, me and my boyfriend had to try this place out during our vacation in Vegas.  Despite its popularity, we were mildly disappointed.. . FOIS GRAS ($25/2.5oz jar): This appetizer was our favorite part of the meal and came with crunchy baguette bread.  The fois gras was flavorful, rich, and melted in your mouth.. . CROQUE MADAME ($19): Basically a fried egg on a ham and cheese sandwich with a ton of fries.  This entree was standard and not worth the price in my opinion. It was recommended in 200 reviews, but I'm not sure why.... . BREAFAST AMERICAINE ($22): 2 eggs any style, bacon, country sausage, fries, pastry, and coffee.  VERY standard, nothing was special enough to make my taste buds want more.. . CAPPUCINO: although I ordered a warm beverage, it came with a straw? . . Service was friendly.  I would suggest not sitting outside like we did because the umbrellas did not really block us from the sun... we ended up having to change tables.. . Overall, I expected more from a restaurant this renowned and fancy!
Super overpriced for mediocre food. I ordered the croque madame with a side salad and fries. The croque madame was good but the bechamel sauce was way too creamy. The fries and salad were decent, nothing special. . . The server was so busy catering to the table next to us with a table of drunk guys, and she never came to check up on us. She would literally just walk by the table without even looking at us. It took us about 10 minutes to get her attention so we could ask for the check. . . I have never been to the Bouchon in Yountville, but my boyfriend says that the one in Vegas does not even compare to that one. I could definitely see that.. . Maybe the dinner menu is better, but I was pretty unimpressed with our brunch.
ckn n waffles..it was ok..bland waffles..super salty ckn...sad... . the jelly was good..the vanilla bean butter from the ckn n waffle was good... . the corn beef hash wasn't bad..egg was good..i think i ordered the wrong thing... . service was ok..and pretty much the tea was good..the whole environment is nice..classy..a bit expensive tho..
I'm giving a 3-star rating because I love Bouchon, (both Napa and Vegas) but we had a not-so-great experience this time.  If I were to rate this visit only, I'd give it a 2.  The wife and I were staying at The Venitian and we had plans to go to Bouchon anyway but as guests of the hotel we had a 15% off coupon.  Even better.  Well we went for brunch and put our names in.  We were told it would be about a 20 minute wait.  After waiting about 10 minutes I see a couple that arrived just after us get sat.  I asked the hostess how much longer the wait would be and was told there were still a few people ahead of us.  I said, "But you just sat those 2 and we were here before them."  We ended up getting sat quickly after but I guess I should have taken the seating mix-up as a bit of foreshadowing.. . Our waitress took her time getting to us, so much so that our busser came over and took our drink order.  When she finally came around she was a bit stand-offish and didn't give much eye contact.  Perhaps when she saw the coupon she assumed that we were cheap and wouldn't be tipping her well.  I ended up not tipping her well but that was because her service sucked not because of the coupon.  I'm sure that once she saw the tip she thought to herself,"I knew those people weren't gonna tip me."  Oh well.  I don't remember her name but she was a heavyset caucasian woman with brown hair in a pony tail working the Saturday brunch shift.  Look out for her folks, she's a bit snooty.
I was very impressed with the service, and I give them a 5.  Our waiter was great, and his team was phenomenal, and what I really appreciated is that they were nice to us, and didn't rush us, and were happy to answer our questions.  The food was pretty good, but if you are really into food, and can hold your own in a kitchen, you might be a little disappointed, because you will be able to cook these dishes just as well as the restaurant.  Overall it was a great experience, we had fun, and all the dishes were well prepared.  Considering the vast size of the restaurant, the huge number of patrons they go through in a night, the consistency is just amazing.  I did not taste the seafood and I regret it now after reading the other reviews.  So please use another review if you intend to order a seafood tower.  To sum up, eat here if you value service and a great dining experience.  If you value food first, you might be a little disappointed, but will still have a good meal.
Good not great food. Did not quite live up to expectations. Nice atmosphere. Simple in approach. Great chef not clearly evident on the plates. Not bad by any measure just no wow factor
We had dinner here before our table at Tao. It is conveniently located at the Venetian and has a great atmosphere. It is a nice French restaurant but not stuffy or pretentious. They make it quite clear Mark Hopper is the chef. . . The drink menu was superb and I greatly enjoyed trying a few concoctions. I also loved their cheese plate. But this is where my love affair ends. I ordered the beef tenderloin for dinner and it was awful. I literally ate 3 bites. The fries on the side were my savior. Most places, especially if they are nice, would notice that I had only eaten 3 bites and ask what was wrong. But our waiter did not. He simply removed the dish, which was pretty much untouched. For a $35 entree, I would at least like an inquiry. . . I don't think I would eat here again, but maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.
Hurts me to give this place 3 stars, and with that I'm being generous.... . After reading all the great reviews, my friend and I decided to give this place a try. Made reservations before our show of the Blue Man Group (which by the way was AWESOME). It was a bit confusing finding this place since we had to go up the elevator then follow the tiny signs leading to the restaurant.. . Upon arriving we were promptly seated and a small table near the windows. Our server was extremely personable. Love that in a server :) Menu was pretty simple and is given by a folded pieces of paper... I suppose.. . What we ordered:. Terrine de Foie Gras de Canard (2.5 oz with toasted brioche & creme fraiche) - $25.00 Wasn't too pleased with the taste of the Foie Gras.... not sure if this particular dish is supposed to be an acquired taste, but I can not see myself liking it. My friend couldn't even taste it. Pretty bummed with how this turned out. It was definitely rich, but lacking flavor. The best part about this was the bread it came with.... Fiscalini Bandaged Cheddar (cow's milk served with served with honeycomb) - This was super delicious. First time having honeycomb and didn't know what to expect. It was super sweet and delicate and was perfectly complimented with the cheese. Recommend!. Truite Amandine (pan-roasted Idaho trout with haricots verts, toasted almonds & beurre noisette) - $28.50 Saw this dish on the travel channel with Anthony Bourdaine and was super excited to try it. Presentation was beautiful and the trout was cooked perfectly. Not sure if it's quite work the $28, but it wasn't bad at all.. My friend ordered the lamb, which is said wasn't very good... he was expecting so much more for the price he was paying. Can't really comment on that since I didn't try it! He's not very picky.... . In all it was just an OK experience. Was expecting so much more for the price and hype.. not sure if i'll come back here again. However, service was spectacular!
Shit was overrated and overpriced. I am a big fan of Thomas Keller restaurants and I'm from napa and have been to bouchon in Yountville before. The menu is pretty much the same but I just think that this restaurant doesn't compare to the original in the valley.... Here's what we had.... . 1/2 dozen raw oysters... These were yummy and very fresh.. . I had the Poulet Roti, which came with Bacon Lardon, sweet corn, arugula and onion confit. The dish was good but not anything great. At the end of it I was thinking to myself "Dammit! why didnt I get the Croque Madame?!". . The Steak and Frites... Left a lot to be desired. The best thing about the dish was the French fries. The steak lacked great flavor and the carmalized onion overpowered the protein. A big no no. . . I probably wouldn't come back to Bouchon  Las Vegas unless it was a company paid meal lol. . . FYI the service wasn't great. We saw our surver once, only once in over 2 hours. our busser was too busy talking to some chicks in the back and we had to ask for steak knives and fill my own water (which I'm ok with) but I worked in fine dining and I know what good and great service is and this wasn't it.
So convenient if you're staying at the Venetian, which we did.  The Venetian even gave us a coupon.  Having nothing to prove to anyone, we were like "H#$% YEAH, let's go!  Let's be fancy and save money.". . Entering the dining room, we were like "ooohh, fancy."  It was so French theme-y, I thought I was on a Disney cruise. . . After that, not too impress.  The service was good, but I've had better.. . The brunch food was good, but nothing great or memorable.. . The Corned Beef Hash ($18) was alright.  Kind of whatevers actually.  I tried my friends' plates and didn't really love anything either.  . . We also ordered Beignets ($7) and it was good.  First time I've had beignets and I wasn't too impressed.  Since then I've had beignets in New Orleans.  Bouchon definitely falls short.. . I've eaten here.  I've moved on.  . . If I do eat here again, it wouldn't be for brunch.
Fine place to go if you want a casual dinner but don't expect much more.  Well priced, many options, everything good but nothing amazing.  Loud atmosphere, service fine. If you're looking for a more celebrity chef type restaurant you can easily find better options.
After reading many reviews and knowing the Vegas Strip restaurant scene all too well, I tempered my enthusiam for my visit.  Although I haven't been to Keller's restaurants in Napa i'm well aware of his reputation.  Bouchon Vegas certainly does not live up to my expectations of Keller.  It is, however, a perfectly respectable restaurant to enjoy a good, albeit, over-priced meal.  Upon arrival I was a little surprised at how big the restaurant is.  To me a bistro is by definition small.  I also didn't  care for the layout of the menu.  It was a little kitchy for me and very hard to read in a darkrestaurant.  I started with Escargots a la Bourguignonne.  The snails were tender and well cooked but the dish lacked seasoning.  I also had a few bites of Salade de Cresson et d'Endives au Roquefort, Pommes et Noix.  This was a very nice salad, but just a salad.  I also tried the Beignets de Brandade de Morue.  Again, the dish lacked seasoning (which is tough to do with salt cod).  For dinner I went with the Steak "Bouchon".  I wanted to try something I had never eaten before but the dinner menu is pretty limited and slightly boring so I opted for the steak.  It was very good, but again, just a steak.  The rice that accompanied the steak was boring by itself, but combined with the sauce bordelaise it was quite nice, as was the celeriac lyonnaise.  I also tried the veal that was the special of the night.  It was cooked perfectly but overall very forgettable.  The table also shared some fries and mac n cheese.  The fries were very good.  The mac n cheese had good flavor but the mac was way overcooked.  By far the best part of the meal was the dessert specially prepared by the pastry chef for my companion's birthday.  It was a chocolate creme cake that was spectacular (and I don't even like cake).  Service was excellent.  Attentive but not over-baring.  I also appreciate that they pour beer at the right temperature and into proper stems.
I wasn't really impressed here. I went with some friends and it was billed and being the real deal. I don't know, it felt for the price average. So many great places to eat around here and this being as expensive as most anything, I felt like it could have been better. I had the lamb and it was good but a really petite portion. Drinks were over priced and the service was okay but didnt impress me. So, overall I wouldn't go back. However, the venue is really cool sitting outside in the center of that tower is a nice treat.
Bouchon is one of those places that everyone hypes up and says is amazing but sometimes its not that great.. . Came here for dinner because we watched Phantom of the Opera and there was a coupon to 25% off Bouchon. We decided to eat here before heading to the airport. We started off with a salad it was decent but it was a heirloom tomato salad. They dont joke around with the tomatoes because it had some big ones in there. . . As for entrees the best one was the day boat scallops. It was so tender and not at all overcooked. It also didn't smell like the ocean so that was good. My other sister tried the steak, she said it was decent but not the best steak ever. I opted for the fish of the day, i forgot what it was, But i can say it was pretty decent. There was a good amount of flavor but its not as if i wouldnt be able to make it at home. . . The most disappointing part was dessert. The server said it was a apple tartine on a puff pastry. WRONG, when we got it, it was an apple tartine on a shortbread. We were pretty disappointed because we thought it was coming with the puff pastry. We didn't complain about it and just ate it because we were in a hurry. The apples were soft, tender, sweet and cinnamony! i really liked it but the shortbread was so hard to get through we just ate everything but that. . . I'd maybe consider coming back here but maybe not for dinner? I would possibly try for brunch and see how it is.
Breakfast. Decent filled omelet, nice crisp bacon, coffee stronger than American but weaker than real French, disappointingly ordinary brioche toast, fawning service. Prices not too heinous considering the location, but it's really about as French as Olive Garden is Italian.
First of all, I think I ordered all the wrong things (based on the server's recommendations).  I was thinking about steak frites.  Instead, I got a special appetizer that was short ribs with foie gras and a red wine reduction.  It wasn't what it sounded like.  It was a tiny rectangle wherein the short ribs were chopped into the smallest possible pieces, topped by foie and then topped with a jelly that was the red wine.  It was like a mini layer cake about the size of a Twix.  It was also cold.  The texture was unnerving.  I couldn't get past it.  The flavors - if they melted all into your mouth - were good.  But I could not get past that weird jelly texture.  Blech.  Then I got the gnocchi because the server told me that they were pasta - not potato - and they were not.  The only way to even sort of describe them is that maybe someone took something light and fluffy like mashed potatoes, squirted them out of something and into a pan and browned them slightly.  So strange and not even good tasting.  Herby.  They were sauteed with spinach, goat cheese, olives and purple carrots.  Nearly flavorless.  I took two bites and left it sit.  Not one person asked why I wasn't or didn't eat my dinner.  No one asked if we liked anything.  My husband had a big steak that was delicious.  Our friend had the leg of lamb and it also was delicious.  Stick to meat people.  I think they do it well.  Oh and dessert too.  Yum.  Those chocolate bouchon are AMAZING.
This is my third review of the place and I am starting to get a little depressed. The review keeps sliding lower and lower, which saddens me in that Thomas Keller is such a culinary hero. I ascribe the issues to management at this unit.. . Anyhow: we went for breakfast and the place was quite busy. Service was pleasant enough. We all ordered champagne cocktails of various kinds and found them to be quite small. We then ordered pastries and food. The pastries came promptly and while the croissants were gold standard, the nut rolls were just ok. Then there was the L O N G wait for the breakfasts... about 45 minutes of waiting after the pastries. Sadly, when breakfast arrived, it was quite ordinary. My wife's omelet was completely boring, and that is the benchmark for a great french breakfast. No one in our party thought any of their breakfast dishes were better than average.. . It is still a gorgeous space, but I truly wish that management would work harder on pulling it together.
Tucked away, almost hidden amongst the Venetian suites you will find Bouchon. What a beautiful french restaurant with great outdoor seating. We ate here for Sunday brunch and sipped our Bellinis while we ate french baguette with jelly and butter. The eggs benedict was delicious as well as the corn beef hash. My only concern with this restaurant is the service. Our waiter was not with it at all. We had to ask twice for a soda, it finally came when the meal arrived. There were four girls in our party and 2 of the meals came out and it took about 5 minutes for the other 2 to be delivered. When I am paying close to $30/plate I think the meals and sodas should come out on time and together. I don't know. It was a nice place and the food was good but in Vegas the food is good at so many places. Make your way to Mon Ami Gabbi if you are in need of a French cafe fix.
3.5  only because no chicken and waffle and the waitstaff hatin on all of dis!!!!. .    This is for breakfest........ . So came in with the PIC  and boy I never been stared down so much in my dining life. Mostly by the patrons but there were these two waiters that killed me. One chick and one dude. They were only 6 feet from our table and she whispered something to him and he turned to look my way and they went back to talkin shit!!!!! Who does that. At least go in the back and talk your shit! Whatever I know him and I very opposite in looks but we ain't new he's my PIC GAWD DAMN IT! And it is what it is! . .  Ok so scale the menu and even look at the specials and I don't see the crack chicken and waffles I kept frakin reading about and seeing in pics!!!!!!! Didn't want to ask about it, I was just damn hungry! So scaled the menu and couldn't figure out if I wanted breakfast or lunch because both sound great!. .  Our waitress was nice unlike those losers that tried talking shit on me.  We started off with some champagne cocktails. I think I ordered Strawberry fields and it was deeeeeeeeeelish! I loved that drink and I could drink more but I really don't like drinking when the suns still up!  Onto the food we ordered. I ordered this dish with some bomb toast, potato sphere lookin thing lol eggs and sausage. PIC ordered the french toast and the side of bacon.  Everything looked like basic breakie BUT it was tassssty and fresh. The side of bacon was a BIG side of bacon. Im telling you like 8 pieces of thick cut bacon. I love putting sugar on my bacon and that hit the spot! I had no complaints from this breakfast. Straight to the point brekie, not fancy schmancy. PIC didn't say much about his dish since hes no foodie like me!. . I will comeback here but if I see those two shit talking waiters, Im dropping a drink on both of their bobbleheads!
Came here for my birthday breakfast.We worked up a sweat just finding the place and walking all over the Ventetian from the parking lot..LOL... . I wanted protein as breakfastt had to last all day..so I got the Americana breakfast, coffee, juice, bacon, sausage, eggs and basically toast ( they said brioche). Also could get a pastry. My mom ordered the quiche.. . Got coffee which was nice and strong. Didn't wait too long for food BUT it was tepid and I like my food HOT. I ate it anyway. Wait service was POOR as he didn't come back to ask if everything was OK. The butter was hard as a rock so I couldn't put it on my toast. I didn't get a refill of coffee. Had to ask the bus person for coffee and different butter. There was LOTS of bacon which was good..not just two strips ( then again it is $22.00 a plate so I guess we're getting our money's worth?) Waiter didn't come with juice until after my meal was over. . . My Mom also ordered a pecan sticky bun which she said was GREAT..I had a bite and it was good and not sickening sweet with LOTS of pecans. . . The ambiance was nice so that made the occasion. The breakfast was so-so. I did take my pastry home, pumpkin muffin and had the next day. It was very good... . I didn't see the bakery so didn't get anything to go..I read here on Yelp that it was down stairs..oh well next time..if there is one..
I dunno... it was fun to get dressed up and go to a grown-up restaurant, but I got the feeling they were more interested in the big ticket peeps.. Not much value. . We ordered the petite plataeu, a cold seafood tower, for $65 if I remember. 1/2 a lobster included. Imagine my chagrin when I noticed Mon Ami Gabi, at the Paris, had a full lobster in their seafood tower for like $20 less.. Ouch.
Breakfast in Las Vegas on the strip by Thomas Keller. It smelled amazing inside, like hot pastries. The fresh croissants ($3.50 for plain) were light and maybe the best croissant I have ever eaten. The waitress was very stern and did not smile, she took our order like a drill sergent. The service was prompt but not friendly.. . I order Les Oeuf $13, two medium poached eggs on toasted brioche served with potato croquettes and normally with a side of meatoptions (I requested the garlic spinach instead). The eggs came as soft poached instead of medium poached, the toasted brioche was extremely dry and I was almost unable to eat it and I needed to lather it in butter and sour cherry jam, the potato croquettes were good but I realized they are not vegetarian (small bits of ham in a mashed potato & chive log). . . The best thing I ate here was the croissant, go get a croissant to-go.
ehh. 40 minute wait at 1pm, and the waitress ignored us for half an hour. It was automatic gratuity at 20% with a party of 6.. . the French toast... well I guess I chose to ignore the "bread pudding" part, but this was nothing like French toast. it was like a super sweet melted apple pie in a stack. it was much too sweet for breakfast and I'm a chocolate chip pancake fan. just didn't want an apple pie for breakfast. It's the kinda thing that's so heavy and rich that you buy one for your table of 10 after eating breakfast so you can all say you had a taste. No one or three people would finish this.. . and I felt sick all day from it. Idk if it was just too rich or oily or what. I drank gallons of tea to get rid of the feeling.. . I got a good amount of bacon on the side though.. . my friends chicken and waffles were okay, the chicken was pretty good, the waffles were pretty good, with chives and bacon peices. the sauces were strange, a think gravy/salad dressing zesty sauce and a thin maple syrup.. . over all the bread was the best part, the prices weren't worth it. I'd stick to pastries. . . mimosa = $12.50
3 stars: A-OK. . At this price level, one can eat a very nice meal in any city on the planet. . . So it stands to reason that with the credentials this restaurant possesses, one should eat an exemplary meal.. . I will posit that the food here is average for the price, the service is adequate for the price, and that your general feeling after leaving is that there has been a good deal of  mathematical number crunching and statistical grinding in developing and pricing the menu to create a pseudo-bucolic, semi-gourmand experience while generating as healthy a profit as possible for the ownership. . . For instance, the Croque Madame. . . Everyone raves about it. . . It is certainly delicious. It comes with fries that are super delicious. . . But the components? For what is essentially a $19 ham & cheese sandwich with a fried egg, not so grand. . . The brioche, not so great. A little dry and coarse, and not quite as buttery and cloud-like as you would hope or expect. . . The ham, not so great. It lacks everything that makes a great ham. It's closer to Costco than Iberico. . . A nice egg and that expertly prepared Mornay saves the day and makes you justify the sandwich to yourself and others after you've left the restaurant. . . Is it a truly great sandwich? No. . . Is it delicious? Yes. . . Therein lies the rub. . . We enjoyed were the escargot, thought the terrine was just ok, and spent a good ten minutes raving about the heavenly fries.. .  Bourdain famously commented about the fries here. And he definitely hit the nail on the head with his thoughts on the $7 fries here. They are pretty spectacular. . . Are they worth a try? Yes. . . But will $7 fries complete your life? No. . . That's my feeling about this restaurant. . . It is good, it is proficient, it is efficient, it is a well-oiled machine, it is a chain, it is a profit center, it is many things, but the best meal you ever ate, it is not.
I really was looking forward to eating here because of the great reviews I have read on yelp. It was  a disappointment. The service was ok, I was expecting to get great service from the staff but they were not up to par. I ordered the trout which was the only tasty thing from dinner. I like how it was presented, the head and all. It was cooked perfectly and really light. We ordered the short rib and it was okay. It was a little dry and the sauce was lacking in depth. We also shared a salmon appetizer. It was basically smoked salmon in a jar and it was not that interesting. I don't think I will be coming back.
Eh Meh Bleh... Fancy.. good service.. annnnnnnnnnnnnnd.. I think that's about it. Food.. its really whatever..
I've been here twice for brunch and twice I felt let down.  I had the chicken and waffles, which was okay.  The chicken had flavor, but felt rather forgetful and so did the waffles.  I think the best thing about the brunch was the pastries.  At least they have that down.  Service was slow and a bit forgetful.  We had to ask for a replacement fork twice.  Server was difficult to find most of the time.  Would I come back next time I stop by in Vegas?  Most likely not.  There are so many other places in Vegas I could spend the money and the experience in.  And if the pastries are the best thing here, I could get it at their cafe.. . I feel for the price they charge, the food and service lacks in almost every way.
Another breakfast.... . My hubby and I frequent Bouchon as one of our favorite strip restaurants for dinner. The foie terrine and hot epi bread always has us coming back for more. However on a recent brunch the service was less than stellar. . . Things were off to a good start as we were sat at "our table" which they also call the Anthony Bourdain table. A crescent shaped banquette made of crushed velour is super comfortable and always romantic. You can ask for it by name and they'll know which one you're talking about. . . We were sat promptly but once seated we were left hanging for a very long time before our server finally appeared. When she did stop by she seemed less than impressed by us. . I ordered the Apple Croissant and the Gravlax for me brekie. Apple croissant, wholly hell man, this is fuck-yeah pastry. Imagine this super light flakey buttery heart stopping layers of sheer awesomeness topped with caramelized apples and strudel. Now imagine that this is no imagination, its real, its good and I ate this delicacy ever so slowly as to not miss a single flavor moment. Honestly this alone is worth 5 stars however its the combined experience that makes up these stars. . . Gravalax. First off I need to say that I don't eat salmon very often unless it's coming from a trusted source and yes Thomas Keller is definitely a trusted source. For me this his is like Swedish sushi, beautifully fatty cured raw salmon with accompaniments of capers, tomatoes, onions and chive cream cheese. No bagel here, you get a warm crispy baguette instead. Im not bitching about this as I love anything baked from Bouchon and was a really nice way to stack and eat this dish. I felt very euro. . . Back to the service.. our water glasses went empty, nobody checked on us after our food was delivered (my dining companion had an issue so we waved down a busboy so he could find our server), it was like we were abandoned. I don't like that the food was better than the service since to me both should have equal standing. . . While I would go back for dinner Im not sure if its worth going for breakfast/brunch especially since all the pastries can be purchased at one of the Bouchon Bakeries inside the Venetian. I still think about the croissant.
This restaurant was pretty good but I have definitely had better in Vegas. I guess i had really high expectations given the reviews and the fact that this is a Keller restaurant. What we ordered: Beef Bourguignon, New York Steak Frites, Onion Soup, Mussels, and Fries. The soup is delicious! You must try the soup if you come here. Everything else was A-ok. My steak was overcooked and my husband can make a better beef bourguignon at home. Again, it is a good restaurant but given the price, the crowded dining area (tables are very close to one another so its not very intimate), and the quality of the food, I would never consider this to be a 5 star restaurant. Im glad i tried this restaurant but I do not think I will be returning.
Sadly, good; not great.  Had the boneless trout.  The fist was cooked to perfection, but the veggie medly on top was not good.  Disappointing after my recent first visit to the French Laundry.  Understood it would be a more casual dining experience, but expected more from a Thomas Keller restaurant.  The service was slow, but luckily we were not in a hurry.  Prices were reasonable.
I think I'm more in love with the idea of a TK restaurant than I am with the actual restaurant. It was good, but not mind blowing. We've been to the Yountville location twice and now Vegas. We've also been to Ad Hoc and that is far superior. Must be quality control and the limited menu at Ad Hoc.. . Fiance had a dozen oysters which he liked. I had the croque Madame which is a classic and hard to mess up. They give you way too many fries. It really is a HUGE waste. Bouchons of the world--cut back on the fries! We didn't even make a dent. Fiance had the chicken which he had high expectations for. He thought it was dry. We have made chicken at home using the TK preparation and the taste was better than this chicken.. . Out server was great. Very kind. They gave us a caramel creme for dessert for celebrating out engagement.. . They have a good selection of wine and bourbon.. . I'm teetering on whether or not I'd go back again. Would probably go back for a brunch and skip dinner.
Bread = delicious. Lyonnaise potatoes = delicious. Omelet = mediocre. . Others in my party ordered the french toast & mussels and were very pleased with their choices. I, however, regretted my omelet selection. The eggs weren't fluffy, they failed to omit what I asked them to omit, and the ingredients didn't seem very fresh. . . Also, the waitress visibly rolled her eyes when we ordered water rather than a cocktail. I'm sorry-- not everyone in Vegas wants to drink at 10 am. That doesn't make us cheap and you don't need to be snotty about it.
I'm a sucker for breakfast food and while in Vegas this past week for a conference my friend and I made our way to Bouchon for breakfast not once, but twice in two days.  The decor is beautiful, but then again everything in or on the Venetian is beautiful right? I had two different experiences each day. . . Day 1- Omelet du jour (spinach, mozzarella and tomato) and a side of bacon and the Strawberry champagne cocktail. . - The presentation was lovely, the omelet was perfectly whipped and was almost too pretty to eat. The gravy boat of bacon was also a treat. However, I felt like the omelet was served luke warm and wasn't "done" enough on the inside and I got the feeling our waitress wasn't too thrilled to be at work that day. Lastly, my cocktail was too syrupy...the flavor was quite artificial. . . Day 2-. Sour Dough waffle - Totally different experience! The waffle was detectible, light and fluffy and the vanilla bean butter melted in my mouth! I would go back again and again for this dish. My cocktail the "75" was fantastic and perfectly balanced and lastly, our waitress was very sweet and friendly. . . Next time I'm Vegas, I would like to try the restaurant for a meal other than breakfast/brunch.
Visited for dinner on a Sunday evening, July 8, 2012 (sorry, long overdue review!). . I expected to be wow'd a little more, having high expectations of Thomas Keller, my favorite chef if I had to pick one.  But, I think he dropped the ball on this location.. . I really had to examine the pics I took to refresh my memory of that dinner, as it was not very memorable.  Let me start with the good:. . - a chef friend loved the puff pastry escargot. . Shit, I'm at a loss! I just sat for a good 5 minutes scrolling back through pics to put something good down about that dinner, avoiding the obvious "in good company" (we were celebrating a friend's bachelor party that weekend, so in high spirits).  But I really was unimpressed.. . The carpeting seemed drab, though the lighting was a warm yellow glow.  I got sleepy just looking at the pics of dinner.  I am careful not to say romantic though, cause it didn't feel that way to me... more like "old."  Yea, if I was 62 and wanted to enjoy a quiet, civilized dinner with my wife, this is the spot.  Until then, I think I'll stick to hip trendy spots filled with girls in short skirts spilling out of their top.  Oh God, I need to return to Vegas soon.
Great salmon dish with a seafood type broth. Trout comes pan seared with head still on so be warned! Duck confit was just okay. Croquet madame was a hit with the table. Foie gras was hit and miss at our table. Great ambience. Nice outdoor patio. Service can be a bit haughty. Good beer selection. Nice experience, but not sure I'd come back just for the salmon.
I came here for dinner which is apparently the less popular option for dining here. I was tempted to give this place 4 stars because they serve beer from one of my favorite breweries, and the crab cakes and braised short ribs I ordered were delicious. However, I am deducting one star because their dessert cheese plate was horribly unmemorable and the amount of honeycomb and fruit on it, which was highlighted on the menu, was laughable. In addition, the place is just so damn dark at night. Spend some money, get some lights! Stop relying on the crutch of those big windows that wow your brunch crowd, which don't do anything at night.
Thomas Keller's Bouchon at the Venetian hotel exudes French brasserie and terrace ambiance to a tee! Lovely, upscale yet non-pretentious atmosphere await you at this restaurant. Request a table on the terrace!. . Bouchon's freshly shucked, briny oysters and crispy on the outside, perfectly doughy on the inside baguettes were the highlight of my dinner. The bread reminded me of the cliche yet real image of me buying a warm baguette from a local French boulangerie over lunch and eating it over the course of six meals during my time in France as a poor college student. Unfortunately, the escargots and steak frites were mediocre.. . Service was friendly, however, the staff did not seem attentive of the fact that we had a Cirque du Soleil show to attend that evening. The wait time between the wine, appetizers, and entrees was lengthy. Our dining experience from start to finish was over two hours. We made it to the show with minutes to spare.. . Lastly, we had our concierge from the Palazzo inform the staff at Bouchon that we were celebrating our anniversary, but nothing was done to commemorate our special occasion.
Great ambiance and fairly priced restaurants always make me a happy man. Came here on Mothers day(mother not included) and enjoyed a quick seating with a nice seat. Intially enjoyed the service but later realized it was very poor.  I felt ignored the entire time. Sever forgot multiple things. But anway once I got my ice tea I was in heaven. It was unsweetened but needed no sugar what so ever. Loved the fresh bread placed right on the table accompanied by some homemade apricot jam and butter. I ordered the open face tuna sandwich with a fancy french name and the girly friend had the waffles. The waffles were delicious! The fries I had were great as well. Overall presentation top notch. I'm a harsh reviewer but I think giving three stars and being served raw food isnt too bad. For dessert we had beignets but were served raw on the inside. Waiter kindly took it off our bill and served us a to go box with beignets in them which I kindly gave to a homeless man by Treasure Island. We'll be reading his review never but hey I won big that day great karma ! I would go back for the fries and affordability.
There are days where I want a nicely prepared meal. And then there are days where I want to stuff my face at a buffet. Our friends chose Bouchon for brunch because we were itching for the former.. . I tried a small piece of the sourdough waffles with fresh strawberries and vanilla bean butter. It was very tasty, like a fried waffle. The vanilla bean butter was a nice touch.. . The vanilla bean yogurt with granola was tasty, and boy do they give you a LOT of granola! A bit too rich for my taste, but the granola helped ease it.. . The Cobb salad - didn't take a picture, but it was kinda meh. Limp iceberg lettuce, scarce pieces of chicken, and a small portion to boot for a $17 salad.. . This is a good stop for some carb-loading for any pre-intense-cardio on the dance floor at a club later in the evening. The service is great and our waters were constantly filled.. . Price-wise, it's high for a mediocre meal at The Venetian hotel. I think I'll stop by Grand Luxe the next time around, as their menu contains better choices. Not recommended for those looking for healthy options - everything tasted very rich and heavy.
it might have been cause the 1/2 yard 44 magnum drink i downed on the strip prior to dinner but i was not hungry after the appetizer.  We ordered the salmon tartar (which was amazing) but my entree was meh.  I ordered the gnocchi.  it had spinach & mushrooms mixed but def a lil too salty for my liking.  for four girls.. we ordered an appetizer, 3 salads, 1 soup, and 2 entrees... family styled it.... and paid about $40 per person. (for tab, tax, & tip)
Since I live in SF and have been to Ad Hoc in Napa I kinda knew what to expect here. The food is excellent. Nothing too fancy or creative - just French bistro food. . . It's a little hard to find hidden in the back of the Venetian. It feels like a real stand-alone restaurant that way since it doesn't overlook the casino floor and has its own pool next to it separate from the rest of the casino. . . Since I arrived ahead of the party I had a drink at the bar which was very nice. Then when our gigantic bachelorette party we seated promptly and proceeded like any large group to discuss what we should all be ordering for dinner. After much back and forth across the table we ordered a bunch of appetizers. For our half of the table (5 ppl) we had what I like to call the trio of fats - foie gras (5 oz), salmon rillette (salmon w/ butter) and bone marrow. I thought they were all good but being a big foie gras fan and having it banned in California that was definitely my favorite. It comes in a little pot (same as the salmon) which provides a lot of spread for the bread. I was laying it on really thick and we still ran out of toast. Still tasted just as good with the table bread.. . Since I knew how us girls are when going out to eat together (eat waaay too many appetizers then feel too full to eat the rest of our meal), and I knew we were going out clubbing afterwards I stuck with the french onion soup for dinner. Although I was jealous of everyone else's food (chicken, steak, seafood) it was more than enough and at least I wasn't groaning at the end.  The soup was perfect french onion soup.. . We also ordered one of every dessert on the menu to pass around and share but I wasn't really tempted by anything but a few bites from the cheese plate.. . Service was excellent except for a small incident not at our table. In the middle of dinner everyone looked up because we could smell something burning. Someone said it smelled like burnt hair but we couldn't see anything. Some aussies at the table behind us informed us that at the next table over - another big bachelorette party - the waiter had attempted to put a tea light on the table and passed too close to one of the girls and her hair had burnt. Wow. Crazy, right? Even worse the Aussies observed that after this happened the waiter just walked away and the restaurant acted like nothing happened. No one rushed over to the table to apologize or anything. Then 10 minutes later everyone sees the EMTs arrive with their gear and the girl has a huge ice pack over her face. I guess she was okay because eventually they left without eating but they did not look happy. I'm not sure if it's the restaurants policy to downplay incidents so as to not upset other patrons but from my pov it seemed like they treated the girls really crappy. Afterwards we found pieces of burnt hair in the bathroom where she had obviously gone to fix things. . . Excellent food though the menu isn't that interesting (very little wow factor). Minus a star for the bizarre incident which put a damper on our meal.
I thought the food was just fine. Not memorable, but just fine. . . I wish I had come for breakfast, because I understand that it is quite the bomb.. . I did love the service - I found my waiter to be hilarious, though I think others at my table were put off by him. (They are a slightly conventional bunch.)
I had the croque madame and it didn't really impress me. I was slightly disappointed. It tasted like a glorified ham sandwich. Maybe we came on an off day but I had high expectations. It was still tasty but it could have been better. And the fries were alright (I heard good things about the fries--even Anthony Bourdain raved about them on one of his shows). I'll be trying the one in Napa so hopefully I will have a better experience there.
WTH? This is supposed to be Thomas Keller fantastic. I have his cookbooks and have made his incredible recipes... They don't seem to be making them here. WHAT is going on? The service is great, the wine delightful but Puuuuuhleese.. The fare is second rate. NOT what I've come to expect.
Been to French Laundry and PerSe so DH  was hot to try Bouchon. Have to say it is hard as hell to find and again not so many helpful people in hotel. We went early  as we had theater tix. I'm really not into French cuisine as I used to be but  food was good, service good and noise level really tolerable.i had the skate and it was super salty. Waiter willing to take back but time was an issue. Hot bread and salted butter---bring it on--I'll make that dinner. Pot de crime --meh. $75 pp for cafe food...I know it's Vegas where everything is on a grand scale
Good service, average food.  . . Ordered the croque madame and a chocolate croissant.  The chocolate croissant was more like a roll filled with chocolate, the dough must have been overworked because the pastry lacked the signature flaky layers of a croissant.  It may have just been mine though since I sampled a friend's croissant and it was much better.  Croque madame was disappointing the bread was borderline burnt and I had to search for the cheese, the fries were nice and crisp though. . . Server was friendly and knowledgeable.  . . Probably will not return as there are many better brunch options in Vegas.
We came here for dinner on 9/20/2013 and perhaps, the kitchen staff was having an "off night" but I was definitely underwhelmed by Bouchon. . . We ordered the bone marrow (moelle rottie), pan roasted Idaho trout (trouite poelee), and the leg of lamb (gigot d'agneau). The bone marrow barely had the gelatinous fat while the lamb was less than mediocre. The trout, however, was decent. . . 3 stars for the excellent wine and the atmosphere (we were seated outside by the fountain).
When I found out that Thomas Keller had a restaurant in Vegas we were excited to try this place out. We heard great things about French Laundry but still have not had a chance to visit so this was out next best option. Unfortunately, our meal was only mediocre when compared to others in its class. . . When we dine at fine, upper echelon restaurants we try and compare it to others in the same class. We have been to many fine restaurants including Alinea, Brooklyn Fare, Per se, and Le Bernadin just to name a few. So I believe we know what good food is and what great food is. The meal we had here was good and I would definitely eat it again but I don't think that it really stands out in a city that boasts restaurants by Robuchon, Guy Savoy, Nobu, and Gordon Ramsay. . . The restaurant is a little difficult to find and you have to take a special elevator to get there. Be sure to give yourself plenty of time to find the place and don't hesitate to ask for directions if you get lost. As you walk into the restaurant you pass the oyster bar where you see chefs preparing seafood platters that look amazing, but we did not partake. We were seated and given menus that looked like they were printed on butcher paper. I really wasn't impressed with this and know they were going for a more casual feel, but I was more expecting more traditional menus given the Thomas Keller name. . . They didn't have a tasting menu, something we were really wishing they had so we ordered a la carte. The food we had was average for a fine dining establishment and the service was on par and good. I'm hoping that we went on an off day and would come back again but given the many different restaurants in the Vegas area, it may be sometime before we return.
DON'T GET THE FRENCH TOAST! It is overly sweet and literally drowning in sauce. I'm a huge fan of french toast and I have a sweet tooth, but for brunch this is just too much. I'd possibly order this for dessert after dinner. . . However, ORDER THE STRAWBERRY CROISSANT!!! This is hands down one of the most delicious pastries I've tried! . . Everything else was pretty mediocre but I'd definitely go back to the bakery for the croissants. The atmosphere however was great for the outdoor patio dining. I recommend sitting outside if possible! :) . . Service was excellent.
I was super excited about eating at Bouchon while I was in Vegas, but honestly, wasn't super impressed. From the other reviews, it seems like I should've come for brunch instead of dinner. I had the vegetable gnocchi and while it wasn't bad (it's Thomas Keller, after all), it definitely wasn't amazing the way I expected a Thomas Keller dish to be :\ I want to come back and try the brunch, but for now, a pass on dinner.
I ate here for breakfast. While the food was good I didn't feel that two drinks and two entrees are worth almost $80, especially for the amount of food you get.
Really pricey over here.. Just got the Croque Madame. It was ok. That alone costed almost $20.  I did enjoy the Bouchon French Toast though! Similar to bread pudding.. Didn't get to try their bakery! Need to next time.
I've been dying to try this place out, so I got the chance to try it twice. both time, I came in for dinner. my first time was better than the second time. the first time, I came in with my fiance and we ordered few different things off the menu. my most memorable dish was the scallops, which was very very good. I didn't quite remember the other things we ordered form the first time, but I remembered the service and food was exceptional. . . the second time around was a different story, I came in with my girlfriends. there were about 8 of us and we decided to have a fancy dinner for one of our friend's bday. we were staying at the Venetian, so I recommended to go to Bouchon because of my previous stellar experience here. . . once we arrived, were seated at the round table and the server came and greeted us. he explained the menu, and some of us decided to share plates (typical girls). lol. . anyways, I was really looking forward for the scallops, but he said that they didn't have it. I was pretty bummed out and decided to try the fish that was on the special. I also asked him to recommended one of the sweeter wines, but I didn't like the first one e recommended, so he brought out a dessert wine. it was really strong and tasted like liquor and I felt bad to return it, so I just passed it around the table. my food finally came, and it was just ok. the fish was slightly overcooked and under seasoned. the only highlight I had was the brownie I ordered for my dessert, which I also had the first time. my friend got a slice of the key lime pie for her bday, and it was really sour! I mean, I liked it because I love key lime pies but no one else did. the server was acting a bit snobby the whole night, and I can tell that he didn't liked it when some of us said that we're gonna split the plates or when we were asking him questions about the menu. I mean, it was their first time eating there. I felt bad for recommending this place to my girlfriends because only few of them actually enjoyed the food. . . overall, I was really disappointed on my second visit here and I don't think I'll be coming back here anytime soon :(
I normally do my rating based mainly on food quality but being that this restaurant is pricey, I believe we pay for the service too. . . Service: Horrible. I came with a bachelorette party. Our server was rude to us. He was being impatient. I think it should be expected that when we come with a group this large (16 ppl) it may take us some extra time to order. The server wasn't giving us adequate time and was rushing us. Also there was this negative attitude about the server that just dampened our mood. He made dinner unpleasant. Other than that, they had our table ready when we arrived. Everyone else did a fine job but it was just our main server we all had a problem with. . . Food: Everyone enjoyed their food and there were no complaints. . . - Seared Foie Gras: Great. Wasnt over cooked. It was super simple and placed on a broiche but that created a perfect blend. . - Muscles:The muscles were yummy too. The sauce was perfectly creamy. Not too intense. The muscles werent chewy. However, the fries that came with it weren't the best. Seemed a bit too dry.. -Mushroom Side: The side of mushrooms were definitely addicting and the side was large enough to share with 3 people. . -Salmon Tar Tar: I'm not a fan of salmon however their tar tar was just perfect. It wasn't fishy and I really recommend this dish to everyone. . . Summary, food amazing, service crap.
I'm not sure what's so special about this place. Maybe it's just the ambiance? In other words I hope that dinner was way better then brunch. Our breakfast took a while to get to us, which was fine with us being that brunch ended at 2. But there were no excuses on how the temperature of our bacon should of been.  It's wasn't even consider warm enough to be edible. It seem as though they just left the plate of cooked bacon out for hours then slapped it on the plate. But to sum it all;  Our breakfast pretty much taste as great as dennys. I'm giving it a 3 star because our waiter was nice and for the ambiance. Besides that, their food was a bore.
Good but not great.. . The only impressive item was the Foie Gras, which was $50 for the table.. . The 9ozfilet was good, but the presentation of a massive amount of fries detracted.. . Also ordered the French Onion soup, which we had to turn back. I rarely rarely ever return food, but it literally tasted like. soy sauce.
We came here to eat because my friends wanted to eat here. They tried to Bouchon bakery up north and love the macaroons there. The wait was quite long almost an hour so I would highly recommend you to reserve ahead of time on open table. . . . ordered:. *I ordered how half a dozen oysters [$18] which is simply delicious. I would highly recommend it to any of your lovers. . *I also ordered a quiche [$13.50] which add cheese bacon and onions. It wasn't bad very soft it just in while me. I have definitely had better quiche before. . *the steak frites [$33.50] comes with fries. we specifically ordered it medium and it was made perfectly medium but lacked in flavor. Which I know they are not a steak house therefore I can't complain at the steak is in that out of this world. *My friend really enjoyed the special of the day which is the wild eggs benedict. He said that the egg was cooked perfectly. . *My girlfriend had the Gravlax [$16] which came with smoked salmon with a petite baguette, chive cream cheese, red onion, tomato & capers. she enjoyed it however complained because it took too much of her time to have to put everything together. And she's used to eating a salmon lox. everything came separate so you'll have to put it together yourself.  However the salmon is definitely smoke in house as it was not that salty.. . Our waitress was awesome!! we have to wait a long time for are oysters and she made sure to tell her manager that we had to wait. basically her colleague messed up and we got the oysters after our food came out. I was able to get us half a dozen oysters for freewithout of complaining that i had to wait a long time Which is definitely great service. . . prices are kinda on the high side. i really wanted to love this place. I can't give it 5 stars because honestly everything was great [decor, outdoor setting, staff, menu selection] but the food was just average. The best part of my meal was the oysters.. . tips: . *It is located upstairs.. *cash and credit accepted. . *There's indoor and outdoor seating. Outdoor seating is very limited. . *They have cute little Tabasco sauce bottles. . *There is a Bouchon bakery downstairs.. *they give free samples of their baked goods.. *the waiting area has newspapers you can read.. *you can reserve a table on open table to cut the wait time. . *located at the Venetian. *causal attire
Joined a group of friends for dinner. Had the veal and it was...ok, I suppose. I have read raves about this place but it was just ok. Our host usually pick all kinds of appetizers and sides but nothing seemed remarkable. Good to try, but I shoot for something different next time.
Wanted to come here after the great reviews on yelp. Came for breakfast. . The french toast was AMAZING. My husband absolutely adored it!. . I ordered eggs which came with bread and spinach. The spinach was really not to my taste, I didn't like that it was bitter. . . The scrambled eggs were cooked great, not burnt and just the good amount of butter. Potatoes were good though. . I think Id come back here for the French Toast. I thought it was totally worth it for that. The rest werent that great
Grey ambiance. Great service. Nice view. Good food. Price is a little high but worth it.
Good. Not excellent, but solid. . . The octopus appetizer was phenomenal. I highly recommend it. The truffle fries were fine, but nothing spectacular. The foie gras was good--how can it not be--but too salty. The lamb shank special was okay, but again, way too salty. . . I guess I don't think I should be complaining about too much salt at a restaurant like Bouchon, you know? It's supposed to be the work of one of the top chefs in this country, and it just didn't live up to that expectation. It was very expensive, which is fine if it's worth it, but this experience wasn't. . . The service was also pretty weird. It took an hour and a half to get appetizers, and more than two hours to get our main meals. Our server was perfectly nice, but it shouldn't take that long to be served whatsoever.
