Eh.  Well, we got the steak special thing (which is not on the menu) and while it was only $7.99 for a small steak, baked potato, green beans, salad/soup AND a beer, it wasn't that great.  The steak was not a good cut at all, and it was kind of tough.  I wasn't really impressed.. . The service isn't that great either.  She maybe came by once while we were eating.. . I don't know......  Is the $8 bargain worth tasteless food?  Meh, I'd rather not.  So check it out and see for yourself.
Steak special is good and the beeris great. The steak will be not the best cut but for $7.99 who can complain. The beer is why we go here. 22oz for $1.75 made in the on site brewery. Plenty of entertainment at the center bar. The clientele is shady so always fun to watch.
Bad service, GREAT barbecue!!! Great prices!!!. . They have a really good BBQ, take it from a BBQ lover such as myself. I would definitely go back, but I always forget about the long wait.
OK for the price. Big portions but wouldn't go out of my way to come here.. . Onion rings : Decent, a little soggy.. . Loaded Potato Skins : Lots of bacon, chewy.. . Prime Rib: Cooked nicely (medium-rare) nothing special. The horseradish was weak and disappointing.
We each ordered  1/2 a rack of baby back ribs (tender and delicious) that included ranch beans (undercooked), corn on the cob (previously frozen and mushy), coleslaw (tasty) and toast (cold). . . A few morning's later we returned for a breakfast. My wife ordered the cinnamon French toast (slightly overcooked) while I had the easy over eggs, sourdough toast (chewy) and breakfast potatoes (amazingly good).  Service this morning was excellent.
Though the wait was very long (40 minutes), the unpublished $7.99 steak meal was fantastic.  Decently tasty steak, a beer, soup, and sides for $7.99!  Amazing deal, above average food, and expectedly slow service.  The only major complaint is that the place is not ventilated well, and you are surrounded in a cloud of smoke for your entire wait.  4.5 stars on the food, 2-3 stars on the environment, service, and location.
The reason why I give it three stars is because of the size and the location (though I'm sure my review will be destined to change in an update in the near future once I start going back more!) It's relatively small, and I believe this is because they don't aim to be a casino that wants to attract a lot of attention from the bigger hotels of the strip. The location is mainly because of how the area is a *tad* bit sketchy, but when you're in a group you're perfectly fine.. . The best thing about Ellis is the cheap drinks, period. Also, the best thing is the tables. I've really enjoyed playing blackjack here on the tables, I've seemed to have gotten decent luck at them compared to the hotels on the strip and the local hotels. I've tried their brewed beers on site, and while I'm not *too* much of a fan, they're cheap enough to give it a go. I do overall like this place, and hopefully my review might be of a better one in the future when I return!
I would never go to this place if the didn't have the 7.99 steak deal. You get a large steak maybe 8 oz, green beans, house salad, pick a type of potato side and comes with a beer or root beer. The meal is a great deal. With that being said this place is a dirt hole. Example after I ate there walking out , a shirtless guy was being arrested. Same trip almost forgot that the paramedics were their inside haling some guy out . If you want cheap steak off the strip, and you love the film Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas , check this place out you will feel like a scene  form the movie . If you go at night I'd go in a large group or hide your money in your shoe, Enjoy.
We enjoyed our usual breakfasts on this trip; cinnamon French toast for my wife and easy over eggs for me.  Service in the morning continues to be very good.
this is an update for ellis island. My love and I came here last wknd and ate in the cafe partinstead of the BBQ/Rib place to try the steak I've heard so much about. We ordered "the steak special" another one of LV's famous local kind of "off the menu item". guess its not so off the menu when I saw it on a billboard in the hallway by the RR. It was good but not unforgettable, but great value for the price. the place was popping and every single person around me ordered "the steak special" with baked potato which was really good. no cheese or bacon but comes w/ butter and sour cream you can add @ your own discretion (unlike longhorn casino that they pile a pound of each in ur potato and it must be removed). I want to say it also comes w/ a beer. you cant beat that deal. . Id order it again, but only after finally trying the mr lucky special! . . TIP: dont forget the pick 6!
4 stars people? Really?!? . . I think a lot of the time people go into a place with really low expectations and then when a place is better than they expected they think it is better than it is and rate it higher than they should. That has to be the case with the restaurant at Ellis Island. . . That's not to say the place isn'tgood because it is. I went there this past weekend when we were looking for a cheap steak and someone recommended this place. When we arrived we noticed that there was a big food truck festival out front. You would think with everyone eating from the trucks that the restaurant would be empty, but much to my surprise there was still a 30 minute wait for a table. . . Turned out that was good cause it gave me time to get a tetanus shot which should be required upon entering the building. After checking out the food truck festival and chatting with people at the Yelp booth I sat down at a video poker machine to gamble for a little bit until the table was ready. True story, one of the girls from the Yelp table took a break and came over to where I was playing video poker and hit on me! Awesome!! (for the record she was cute as hell, but I had other plans for that night). . . Okay, back to the review. When they finally got around to seating us and after looking at the menu we decided on the fillet special. For $7.99 you get a steak, vegetable, choice of potato, soup or salad and one of their homemade beers or root beer. . . I chose the salad, which legally qualified as salad because it had lettuce. Don't expect much from it though, it is literally lettuce, salad dressing, 2 cherry tomatoes and nothing else. It was fine, but nothing special. . . When the dinner came, I was a little disappointed in the vegetable offering. The special came with green beans, but I don't like green beans so I asked if there was another vegetable offering and the waiter offered to replace the green beans with the mixed vegetable which turned out to be more green beans with some corn and carrots mixed in. I didn't try them. My friend had the green beans and initially said they were good, but then didn't eat them, so take from that what you will. . . The baked potato was perfectly fine. It's kinda hard to mess up a baked potato and they didn't. . . The steak was a very pleasant surprise. I honestly didn't expect much from a $7.99 steak in this kind of place, but it was very good. Tender, no real gristle cooked exactly as I had ordered it. I ate every bite and was very satisfied by it. . . Having major drinking plans for later that night, we just got the root beer as our drink. I have to say, the homemade root beer was damned tasty. And I highly recommend that! . . The service was okay, but we weren't offered any dessert. . . The atmosphere was like a Coco's that hasn't been updated in 30 years and was quite loud. . . So look, is the place bad? Definitely not! . . Is it worthy of 4-stars? Absolutely not! . . Was it the best $7.99 steak I have ever had? YES! . . I can't say I would go back and I can't say that I would recommend it, but I wouldn't avoid going back and wouldn't tell anyone else to avoid it either.
Kind of a dive but great value and decent breakfast. I had an omelette which was basic but what I expected. Next time I'll try the steak and eggs.. It's walking distance from the Bally and Westin.
Hungover and staying on the strip joint..  Otherwise, I wouldn't make a huge trip for it..
$1.75 draft brews...enough said.  It is off the strip and kind of divey, which is fine by me.  They offer cheap beer, cheap games and karaoke.  Who can ask for more?  If you want the glitz & glamour, go to one of the major casinos on the strip.
Expect an hour wait if you come here on a Sunday during lunch-time!
Me and my brother walked into this place and entered the bar to the left. Oh the Karaoke is sooooo loud! The Drinks are great. $1.75 for their own brewed beer. WHOOHOO! We weren't able to try the food because they had the kitchen closed for cleaning that night. Watching and listening to people singing their lungs out can be fun, interesting, and painful. Overall, thumbs up for the beer, thumbs down for the atmosphere.
Ended up here hungry at 2AM. Paid 3 bucks for the breakfast platter. The biscuits, gravy and sausage were great but, those eggs. Man I did NOT feel good after eating those. They were pretty tough. . . The place looks fun!
Originally I was going to give this place two stars, so consider this a 2.5 I guess. I was out showing some new friends around Las Vegas and taking them to the more out of the way places tourist typically do not see. I thought Ellis Island would be the kicker for the night, because all four of the boys (Marines, btw) really wanted to do karaoke.. . We arrived there a little after 11 PM and went to the karaoke bar and the place was pretty crowded. It looked like your Ellis Island crowd. I have been to Ellis Island before, just not to the karaoke part. Well we all got in no problem and grabbed some beers at the bar. Okay, they have incredibly cheap drinks. $1.75 for a beer. Crazy cheap. We all ordered a round of their in house light beer. Yes, they do brew their own beer, pretty cool. The boys went and selected their songs and my friend (who is a local) and I hung out to stalk a table.. . Eventually a group left and we got a pretty sweet table in the back with a good view of the stage. Everything was going pretty cool - except for the fact the place was stifling hot! I don't know if they're trying to save money by not cranking up the AC, but when there are that many people in an old bar, you better get some AC running!! It did cool down, but being in a hot bar is just gross.. . As we waited for the boys' names to be called we had another round and this time tried the Hefeweizen beer. Whoa. It tasted like orange juice, just straight up OJ with a splash of beer. I didn't really like it, neither did anyone else.. . Finally the boys names came up and they went to sing. The first one went and then we waited. And then the next boy got called. Well, they were planning on singing a duet song (Brooks & Dunn I think) and the lady running the karaoke wouldn't let them! She said they couldn't because the first guy had just gone up to sing. It was a shame. Plus right after that they let another girl go up who had just been up on the stage about 20 minutes earlier. Just seemed eff'd up to me and we were all kind of pissed about it.. . So, we left on a sour note. We didn't feel like waiting around through another 10 singers just for the boys to get another chance to sing.. . It was pretty obvious they were letting people who are regulars there go up on the stage multiple times, but first timers not so much. I get it, it's a local place and a local event and that's who they're catering to - but they made ME feel bad because my friends got skunked out of doing karaoke! . . This night just left a bad taste in my mouth (with the bad Hefenweizen and the situation).
Smokey Casino, Good Prices , What i had was so-so: . 10 oz. Top Sirloin (Good) . Baked Potato (Old) . GreenBeans (Not fresh and under cooked).  . Good beer Though (Cold).. . . I don't feel cheated for $10 bux but i won't go there for a while.. ;)
Off the beaten path.. but a good place for cheap eats is right!  Nice menu selection and totally affordable... my friends and I (total of 4 ofus) ate for like $30 total.  Can't beat that!. . I had the breakfast skillet with eggs, bacon, sausage and potatoes with a cup of coffee and it was good.  Not bad at all!
It was good, but didn't live up to the hype.  I can see how this place would be insanely awesome if you were drunk, but sober ehh, it's OK.  . . First, you have to walk through potentially the worst smelling (smoke) casino in all of Vegas to get to the cafe, which is non-smoking, so that's a plus.  The decor is nothing special, kind of reminds you of something you'd see in a movie set from the 70's.. . The food is average, nothing special.  I had the prime rib dinner, it came with a baked potato, green beans a salad and a rootbeer (if you're over 21 the rootbeer can be substituted with one of their house crafted beers).  It was $12.99.  The price is great, but can easily be beat at 777 Brewery at Main Street Station and the food and ambience is better.  My friend had the chicken dinner and it was dry and over cooked.. . Potentially the breakfast food is better, I don't know. But I'd say you can find much better, in the same price range elsewhere, ie 777 Brewery, which is also 24/7.
Heard from a friend that this place had great steaks so I had to try it out... It was ok considering you had to wait an hour and a half.  There are other areas serving comparable meals within the same price range for less of a wait.
This review applies only to the cafe', I did not experience anything else there.. . I ordered the 10oz. top sirloin special. It comes with a nice serving of green beans, a choice of potato, dinner roll, a few packs of saltine crackers, and choice of soup or salad, and 20 oz of "Beer", if you are not into alcohol, then they have Root Beer.. . They advertised that it came with a broccoli spear, but my plate was missing it.. . I ordered the steak to be "Medium-Well", it came out barely cooked enough to be called rare. I sent it back, and it came back medium. I think their roaster is too hot, because there was a nice and good char on the outside, but the heat doesn't get to the center.. . The potato was also quite a bit hard, which is an indication of under-doneness.. . This is a very good value.. . The server was nice and friendly.
Dive casino and basic cafe.  But the price is great, $8 for a steak and sides, including beer or root beer, great deal.  Waiter was nice, food was good.  Mind you, this is basic chow, not a fancy cut of meat, I think it was top sirloin, but it was good and cooked correctly.
Good Old Timer. . I used to love this place when I was in college and I still like it for the value it provides.  Sometimes you just need a decent meal and drink at reasonable prices.  The restaurant serves up a filling steak special, as well as a generous ham steak.  Add a soft drink or coffee and you still come out under $10.  Sure, the Wynn it ain't, but that is nonetheless a hard bargain to beat when your tummy needs food.. . Even the drinks are cheap (as nearly every Yelp review mentions).  $4.50 for top shelf cocktails!  Unfortunately, as the years have passed, the drinks get more and more watered down, and I have reached my breaking point.  My buddies and I had a few rounds and EVERY single drink tasted like flavoredwater.  I sweat I couldn't taste the alcohol in anything we were served.  I probably should have stuck with plain soda, in retrospect.  Oh well, live and learn.  . . Despite the drinks, however, the old Ellis Island will remain on the map because of the good times and deals it provides to the young and old.
If you want to smell like cig smoke, hangout here.. . If you want to sing karaoke, go here.. . Good place for people watching as well; many mutants abound.. . If you want quality cheap drinks, go to the Stage Door.
$8 for steak, potatoes, green beans, soup or salad and beer? DAYMMMNNN.. . So, we got here at about 4am after a long night with people throwing up and losing one person, only to find her 2 hours later with a guy...but that's another story for another yelp review...maybe.. . Is the food that good? No, but for its price, it's a pretty good deal.. . I personally don't like beer, so I ordered something else. I really wish they would have just let me order something and replace the beer. Ah, oh well. All of our steaks were very UNDERDONE. I ordered mine Medium, and at best..it was medium rare. I swear that it was still mooing just a little bit when it was on my plate. But at 4am, when the munchies call, it's a great place to get some food without spending a whole lotta money.
Inexpensive local favorite is a common description of Ellis Island. If I didn't take the time to reflect upon all of the factors leading up to my not so great night it would probably be a 2 star rating. . . The positive points of the night were that everything was dirt cheap and delicious. There is no need for a happy hour here because a pint of beer will cost you $2. Mixed drinks ran from $2-$3.50. The mile high nachos ($8) were more than enough for three people. Scoops of chili, a pile of beans, sporadic sprinklings of jalapenos and scallions makes for a filling appetizer. . . Slight misunderstanding about chicken fried chicken and fried chicken occurred which started souring the night. Our server was getting frustrated with our large party and was not trying to hide it. Due to the dispute, slight arguments were springing up. After reading Nelson Q.'s review, I stuck to my request for fried chicken. It came out crisp and the batter was not too thick. I hate cake like batter and this was thin and flaky. I asked for the honey, but realized that maple syrup was what I should have got. :( This is not the best place for large parties especially if cash is not in hand. Trying to get separate bills becomes exasperating. . . The venue is festive and lively. The food is a deal. The beverages are priced for the working person. It is hard not to sympathize with the waitress, but I can only be so forgiving.
The casino review is below..... . . Review for the restaurant - . $7.99: 10-ounce steak. Includes salad or soup, potato, bread, green beans and a beer . . Our server was MIA most of the time. Took well over 40 minutes for our dinner to come out. Some of the tables that were seated well after us were either eating, or getting their checks before we saw our dinner. . . Steak - Both of us ordered Medium Rare. J's was almost blue. Seared but still very pink in the center. But it was warm to the touch, so he decided to not send it back. Now this I cant understand. You almost under-cook a steak, but its still tough!? How do you accomplish that feat?! My steak on the other hand was more on the well done side than medium rare. Terrible. I took maybe 2 bites. I'm sure boot leather would have tasted better. J ate maybe 1/4 of his steak. He's a huge steak fan, so that's gotta show you that something is wrong. . . Salad (mine) - You can't really screw up a salad. . Soup (J's) - He said it was "alright". . . Baked Potato - This was the best part of the whole meal. . . Green Beans - This was a tie for the best part of the meal. Lots of garlic, which J and I love. . . Bread - Love sourdough, but this was almost inedible. . . Beer - J ordered an Amber. Since I do not drink, I asked if I could have a diet soda. No Dice. So I ordered a beer and gave it to J. And just stuck with water. . . He said just for the beer's alone, it was almost worth $7.99 a piece. If we could have had a Mr. Lucky's steak with Ellis Island's Baked Potato and Green Beans, we would have been happy campers. . . Will we return to Ellis Island for eats? Maybe, but probably not to the restaurant. We might try the BBQ or Pizza joint next time. . . Now for the casino review - . . Very friendly and helpful dealers. I mentioned to J that if he wanted to learn to play craps, now was his chance. When there were other players, there were maybe 1-2 tops. The craps dealers were all very helpful on teaching him the ropes. With $80, J played easily for 2 hours. Left being down only $30. Not too shabby!!
$10 top sirloin steak and eggs? Decent quality without paying too much? $1.99 house brewed hef? A prime rib dinner with potatoes, soup or salad, AND a choice of beverage (either a homemade/brewed root beer OR their hef) for $11.99?. . The answer is yes!. . Can't beat the prices. Nice little preview of what Vegas has to offer.
Oktoberfest was fun!! Quck shout out to Yelp! for free beer wristbands. The fest was fun. I tried the oxtail soup. It was ok but really soupy or watered down and the oxtails were fatty. The free beer was a +! Can't complain. The event was a bit dead maybe around 20 ppl attended.. . Ellis Island itself is a smokey, runned down off the strip bar & gambling hall. I give the experience 3 stars because I found a cool parking spot, scored tickets to Jubilee, and enjoyed free beer and food.
A rating of 2.5 would be more appropriate.  We ordered our standard breakfast on this trip - cinnamon French toast for my wife while I went with easy over eggs, wheat toast and hash browns. Though service may sometimes be a problem at dinner, we have almost always received prompt service during breakfast hours.
Didn't have the 4.99 steak and eggs deal when I came this time. Instead it was 7.99 for steak, green beans, steak fries, and a garden salad. Also a root beer..which was a nice touch.. . Food came out quickly and was decent for the price. Service sucked because the place was understaffed.
I like Ellis Island. LIKE not love. I really like that they host lots of fun events in the parking lot throughout the year. I also really like the fact that these events usually include yelp and beer. I like that you can pony up to the bar, get an Ellis brew for cheap and catch a glimpse of some pretty entertaining karaoke all at the same time. It's also cool that they advertise in multiple coupon books. Las Vegas Advisor has $10 in free slot play, BOGO BBQ plate, BOGO entree, and my favorite one, 3  free rounds of drinks for 2 people. Score. They have similar deals in the American Casino Guide as well. Not that you need coupons to enjoy this place though. It's already pretty cheap, but free is awesome! Free + tip that is. . . What I don't like about this place is that it is an absolute smoke box. It's a small casino to begin with and it gets really crowded...with smokers. Which is why I enjoy the parking lot events, fresh air. The only restrooms are located in the rear of the building so unless you walk around to the back to enter, you still have to walk through the middle of said smoke box to make a pit stop. Dislike. If you are a smoker or simply don't mind that kind of atmosphere, then there really isn't much to dislike about this place.
Came here for the $11.99 prime rib meal with beer and also got the chili cheese fries on the side. I liked their daily soup (minestrone) which came with the prime rib meal, but other than that wasn't impressed by the rest of the meal. . . You get a lot of prime rib for the price but I got more flavor out of the seasoned string beans that came as a side to the meal. The bf was happy with the meat portions though. The chili cheese fries were the worst - there wasn't enough chili with the fries so it was all very dry. I wish I had ordered the chili by itself. . . Overall it was a great try but more of a "meh" meal.
I gave it a 3 star because it is cool that they always have karaoke nights consistently but I would say the performances are far from the best in town. Definitely a good option if you have nothing to do and want to get drunk and have a good laugh. They have good craft beer at the bar though and I have friends that go there to eat sometimes and they say its good. Even with their good food reviews its still a place I wont be taking a gamble on to eat at though... There always seems to be a hooker hanging out outside of this place. lol. Like I said, makes for a good night if your bored, want to get drunk and have a good laugh.
Seriously good beer!  I even tried the root beer and it was crazy delicious!  We wanted to try the BBQ place, but didn't realize that it didn't open until 4pm.  We will definitely visit next time to check out those ribs every one talks about!
Really wonderful prime rib for the price and decent steak. Salads were ok, very generic with mediocre quality ranch, get the soup it was better. Nice and cheap microbrews. I came on a saturday night and had to wait almost 1 1/2 hours to get seated... no beuno.. . Smoke is pervasive in this small casino. Does not bother me, but it is something to consider. . . The part that really bugged me and my party was the waiter. Older asian guy. He actually came over, flipped over the tab and checked the tip before we stood up! It was incredibly rude.
Good food, Great price. Downside long wait on weekends, Smells like smoke everywhere, bathrooms are across the casino floor, service is OK at best, and employees aren't amiable, openly curse in English and Spanish in the dining room. But,  I love the steak and egg special, and the corn beef hash reminds me of how my mom would make corn beef, spam, egg and rice for breakfast.
Steak and eggs breakfast $5.99, great deal for the amount and quality of food you get and if you're with good company, it helps!. . My friends and I came here on a late Sunday morning after a weekend of, well, enjoying Vegas, and we were exhausted. Ellis island was a cab-ride away from our hotel which was on the middle of the strip, I think about $7 there with tip and then we walked back to the strip after our meal (maybe a 5-10 minute walk). . . We had to check in to get a number; the wait was about 35 minutes and we finally sat down around noon.  The casino itself was overly-smoky just like all old casinos in Vegas, and I was starting to get sick by the time they seated us.  Also, waiting in a casino- not always the best idea; I lost about $10 on the slots during the wait so in reality, I spent more than what I would have if we had a simple breakfast on the strip.... . The food- great value for the price!  I ordered my steak medium and it was pretty decent if not a little tough.  I ordered fries instead of the breakfast potatoes for a little bit extra cost and eggs were scrambled.  I don't actually eat eggs, but I nibbled on them just to test- not bad. The size of the meal was decent- I left pretty full.   . . Overall, I thought the food was decent and a great value but in the future, I might have to stick to the strip.  I'm not a fan overly-smoky casinos and the fact that there was no other casinos or attractions next door; I was smoked-out by the time we had finished breakfast.
The perfect place to go to after a club or late at night because it is 24 hours. It's tacky looking and definitely doesn't look nice.  The service wasn't amazing, but they did pay attention to us. However, where else can you get decent steak in the middle of the night?. One star for being open late, one star for being cheap, one star for quick service, and one star for decent food.  You seriously get what you paid for. The food that we ordered were not on the menu, but they definitely do serve it.. . $3.99- Scrambled eggs, potatoes, toast with butter, and medium well steak:. I didn't want to eat too much so I opted for the steak and egg. It was definitely not of best quality.  Next time, I will definitely pay $2 more for the better version.. . $7.99- Mash potatoes, string beans, much better medium steak:. This was the best deal! You get the mash potatoes, string beans, steak, a beer (or root beer), and a side salad (or soup).  What a fantastic deal! The steak is definitely better than the $3.99 steak.  I was literally in love with the steamed string beans (from frozen packages). It was just so juicy (but we all know that it is just the melted ice).. . Overall: Great place for cheap food late at night!
last day we were here we wanted to go check out the steak and eggs... the wait was just too long for the food we got. it was okay, probably would of been better if we got the cheap steak and egg meal.
My friend and I are addicted to karaoke, so while in Las Vegas we had to get our fix.  Ellis Island was close to our hotel so we gave it a try on a Saturday night.  The drink prices were very cheap and parking was great.  . . Service was very slow, due to a huge crowd and 2 waitresses for the entire place.  The crowd was noisy and the stage was located so anyone sitting on our side couldn't see the singers.  Bathrooms were way on the other side of the cassino from the karaoke bar.  The KJ was nice, but the song selection was VERY limited...my top 3 choices (sung at numerous other venues...nothing unusual).  The worse part was the smoke, though.  I think close to half the crowd was smoking and there wasn't sufficient ventilation to handle it.  We aren't smokers, and had to walk outside several times because we actually started feeling light headed and ill.  No bueno!. . Next trip to Vegas we will try another venue.
Decent beer, good variety of restaurants, and even better gaming promos make this a good choice for doing Vegas on a budget! My out of town guests have enjoyed taking advantage of the deals here. It's also a popular spot with locals.
We go for the karaoke and the cheap beer. Always have had a good time, except for the last time I went. The cocktail waitress in the karaoke bar was horrible. For some reason she thought it was ok to tip herself with our change, she would keep at least a dollar for herself instead of allowing us to tip her. . . and she was over charging us for our drinks. . . like seriously overcharging. We finally got it figured out with the bartender who happily refunded our money, and we just started giving our waitress exact change for our drinks. . The KJ on the weekdays needs an attitude adjustment too. . . He has favorites that he lets sing over and over again, yet the new people or people that don't go 3 times a week aren't even given a chance. . The rest of the casino is nothing to really get excited about. . . although from my experience most of the bartenders are really cool. . Overall. . . if you go to karaoke on the weekends or just stick to the bar you should have a pretty good time
If you want to know where all the cab drivers hang out early in the morning ....this is the place! It was tough to find parking so we just parked in the garage. We came here for the steak and egg special it was $9.99 when we went. There was like a 15 minute wait ! The potatos that came with the meal were tasty and a nice golden brown. The steak was a little too cooked for me. I like my steak to be a little pink inside. . We almost left without paying because the alarm went off saying to evacuate the building. It was a false alarm though. If you want a break from the prices on the strip this is a decent place to go.
Went here with co-workers. One of them got the King Cut Prime Rib, and BOY OH BOY, that thing was huge! I don't know how he finished all the meat. Of course, I got seafood, and didn't get red meat (I know, I don't know why, especially when this place is known for its red meat). I enjoyed our time there, we had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated, it was a late Friday afternoon (5pm). Enjoyed shrimp alfredo and got out of there. Didn't realize there was a free beer with certain orders, I would have gotten that, had I known. Was tired, and after a long workday this place worked.
Good food. Cheap
My steak was good. My friends burgers sucked. Not like it use to be.
Holy SMOKE, this place had so much cigarrette smoke in the air it looked hazy.  It made the dining less enjoyable.  We went for the famous "Steak Special". And I must say it was pretty darn good.  The green beans and mash potatoes that accompanied it was enjoyable as well.
This was the 3rd time I went to eat at there BBQ area, RIBS ARE TO DIE FOR! . . . Down fall is the lady explained it was a hour wait time, which is no big deal we went to the casino and gambled. My mother came and found us 20 mins later and explained they called our number which we could not hear, and it was not 1 hour later which was good to eat early but we didn't expect our number to be called and if it wasn't for my mother we would have missed out! Also service kinda sucks if you want refills or the check you will wait a long long time.
Ellis Island is not a big casino but a little off the strip so its not as busy or hard to get too. The prices of the food and cheap brewed beer were acceptable. They have a karaoke bar which was rocking the house down! Seemed fun but i was there for the food :-D. I was expecting a great 4-5 star experience, but sadly it couldn't make it.. . I am a patient person and I do not mind if the waiter is busy helping other guests, but the fact that the waiter consecutively did not acknowledge my presence made me sad. I was ready to order a beer but since my two friends ordered water, the waiter assumed that i would have ordered water as well and walked away :( . Once the waiter came back I asked him what selection of beer he had and if he had anything similar to Blue Moon. He mentioned some beer and he walked away again. :'(. I gave up on the beer and decided to try their appetizers. . . I had ordered the Texas chili cheese fries, and the potatoes skins along with the chicken fried chicken. The chili and the cheese did not look appetizing and smelled kinda funny. The meet from the chili stuck to the cheese and was very awkward. The potato skins were salty, and kinda hard. The chicken fried chicken was AMAZING, but i was getting full from the weird appetizers from earlier. . . After the main course we decided to order dessert. "The Really Big Ice Cream Chocolate Brownie Thingy" had immediately caught our attention. Sad to say, it did not live up to it's standards. There was ice cream, a brownie, and it did look like a thingy. . . Overall everyone has a different experience, but you should come out and try it out for yourselves. I'll just make sure the waiter KNOWS i am aware of them lol. :-{D!
Sometimes I miss the Vegas I used to know, when buffets were less than $10.  It's getting harder to find those cheap meals.  Sahara used to have $7.99 Prime Rib dinners and $1.99 breakfast buffets, but Saharais all shuttered up now. **SIGH** . . It was getting late and I wanted to get a decent, inexpensive meal.  I wanted to see if I can get a cheap steak dinner. So, I did a quick search on the Yelp Mobile and I got a hit...Ellis Island Casino had $6.99 steak dinners.  Score!. . Ellis Island is located on Koval, the backside of the strip.  It was almost 10PM, but the restaurant was packed and we had to wait about 20 minutes to be seated.  The place is pretty divey, but I loved it since it reminded me of how the Vegas restaurants looked liked when I would visit when I was little.  Very nostalgic.  . . Turns out the steak dinner is $7.99 now, but that's still a bargin.  Sizzler's is still more expensive than that.  The steak was only the size of my fist, but it comes with a baked potato and green beans (which they didn't overcook, thank goodness).  The quality was no Morton's or Ruth Chris, but hey, for the price, it filled me up and it was decent. I would come back if I am looking to satisfy my late night steak craving.
Ok I get that you want to keep this place OG and all BUT...this place is durrrty and freaken stinks..... BUT 3 stars for the bomb.com steak and eggs and prime rib special :) . Next time Ill try the BBQ.
I honestly was not impressed with this place at all. I knew the hype was all about the steak and eggs, so that's exactly what I ordered.. . I ordered my steak medium, and it as definitely overcooked. Everything else seemed fine though (eggs and hash browns.) I also ordered a large glass of orange juice-- which was a whopping $3? My friend ordered country fried steak and it was slobbered with gravy as it should be and but that seemed tastier than my overcooked steak.. . Service was terribly slow. I saw a lot of tables left dirty for a long duration before they were cleaned up. I'm sure as a hole-in-the-wall Vegas gem, the hype of this place won't ever go down though.
We heard about the 5.99 steak & eggs special and couldn't resist coming here. The place is in the middle of the casino. It wasn't very busy when we went, and the food was pretty good. It wasn't the best I've had, but for 5.99, you can't complain.
In a few words cheap, good, cheap, big portions, cheap, beer. . So this review is a little late however still applicable since this place doesn't seem to change much. Vegas is a city of decadence and imagination. In such a place it is rare that one finds a location for cheap eats of huge portions that isn't McD's or ::insert chain::. In that respect this place was amazing. It was like stepping into stereotype land. I wouldn't have been surprised if fear and loathing had of be-bopped thru this place in a tweaking, Hawaiian shirt clad rumble. If they had it would have been remise to not stop and devour some cheap eats.. . It takes awhile to get a seat here, especially on Thur-Sun, but once your in its all gravy, or bread? Well that's what they start you with, tons of bread! They have several specials where you can get a main item and a beer or drink. This is a ridiculous deal. The beer is gigantic and so is the food. A side of beef with potatoes and veggies. Classic. Nothing fancy just food that you would expect to get in an old vegas casino.. . Definitely worth the time/money to be full before going out in Vegas. This is a new staple place for me in Vegas!
Very much a dive, but it's got character! Cheap beer and cheap food, helluva way to cure a hangover. These guys make okay beers and the staff is very friendly
Our first visit on our most recent trip coincided with a NFL game so I ordered chicken wings which were on special during the telecast at $2 per basket which included a mediocre blue cheese dressing.  The chicken wings, numbering 5 per order, were the smallest and most overcooked that I have ever eaten.  The one plus was the special included a small, 12-ounce, in-house brewed beer - a Weiss in my case.  . . We returned a few mornings later and ordered our usual - cinnamon French toast for my wife and easy over eggs with wheat toast and breakfast potatoes for myself. Both dishes were very good and the prices are more than reasonable particularly since 2/1 entree coupons are available from the LVA and American Casino Guide.    Service continues to be better than what you will find in many higher priced coffee shops.
Yet another place I decided to go to off reviews on Yelp. I was accompanied by 3 other people in my party.. . From reading the reviews, I was expecting an older hotel. Once we arrived, sure thing the place smelled of old cigarettes and mold. After we got used to the smell, we ventured in looking for this "steak house". When I found it, I noticed it was a cafe and not a steak house at all. We got a number and waited about 5 minutes before we were seated. . . What's funny is that while we were waiting we noticed some other younger gentleman using their phones (noticed Yelp app) and I over heard them saying "This is the place?" I found it amusing.. . My party was already laughing at me for finding this place, and even funnier is that an a hour earlier we were seated in a 5 star steak house having appetizers.. . We got seated and I told my party "please order the prime rib or BBQ ribs, that is all that is popular on yelp." Against my advice 1 ordered a steak special and 1 ordered a chicken wrap. Two of use ordered the Prime rib (so glad I did). We also ordered some an appetizer entree that consisted of 3 Wings, 3 Onion Rings, 2 Potato Skins, 2 Chicken Strips, and 3 Cheese sticks. When they came, they were pretty greasy, and expected as much.. . I want to note that the few waiters we had were awesome, and made the trip even better. . . Once the entrees came, the Prime Ribs were awesome for the price. They were juicy, had flavor and big portions. The other 2 entree's weren't that great. The chicken wrap was average and the top sirloin was over cooked in certain places and under cooked in certain places and had no flavor. The mashed potatoes tasted like dirt, so glad I wasn't the one that ordered it. . . As expected the Prime Rib was awesome. If you do come please stick with that and from what I read but never tasted the BBQ ribs. It appears that's the only thing the restaurant is good for.
Everything here is cheap. Cheap food, cheap drinks and cheap tables. If you happen to stumble into this place, try their steaks.
Took a friend here on the buy-one get one free deal from the LVA.  We were going to split a rack of ribs; however, it was less expensive w/the coupon for us each to get 1/2 a rack.. . Service was SUPER quick - seriously no waiting but this is the slow Vegas season, so maybe that's why.. . Ribs were meaty, perfectly cooked, and fit well with the BBQ sauce.  Sides of beans (boring) coleslaw (sub-par at best) and corn on the cob (decent, but probably frozen first) left LOTS to be desired.. . Total with the coupon and a few beers was about $20.00.  Good value
One of the better values in LV.  $2 20 Ounce taps 24/7.   They brew great beer and you can't beat the price.  I wish they would make a hoppy IPA someday.  Food is good and a great value.  Casino is a smoky and it's a "locals" bar.   Worth checking out.  Players club has gone downhill recently and it's become much more stingy when it comes to handing out comps and givebacks.
We have been to Ellis Island many times over the years.  This is about our trip in February 2013.  I will touch on the Cafe, the BBQ and the Casino.  We have been coming to Vegas for over 20 years and spend plenty of time at the black jack tables.. . Restaurant's get four stars but casino only one star on this trip.. . The cafe was great (as always) we both had the steak special. The salad was good and the steak was cooked properly.  The in-house root beer was delicious and dad enjoyed the micro-brew.. . BBQ was equally delicious.  We both got a full rack of ribs, our hotel room had a fridge for left overs.  They could do without the corn on the cob.  Why serve corn on the cob when you let it sit in a pan of water and it turns out soggy rather than crunchy?  They could roast the corn on the grill and have it turn out awesome.. . We have played black jack in the casino many times.  They have good rules. decent limits and friendly dealers.  They have older pit boss who has been there forever, an older gentleman.  He always seemed less than pleasant and a bit offish.  We had an incident where the dealer misdealt and had to call the boss over.  He told her to burn the Ace.  the Ace would have helped my dad's hand and he would have taken the card whether he knew it was an Ace or not.  The boss said to burn it.  . . Now, whenever we have encountered something similar to this at other casinos (mistakes do happen) the boss would give the player the choice of taking or burning the card.  After all, it was the dealer's mistake, not ours.  When I spoke up (cause dad is 87) the boss rudely and gruffly said it's his casino and his rules.  End of discussion.. . At that point we took our money off the table and left.  We will probably go back another day but we only play where we enjoy and have fun.  I had a rude pit boss at Foxwood's twenty years ago and have never been back.  Ellis Island is worth the trip but I won't play there if Mr. Happy is working.
It's our girls dinner night out for our birthday.... After dinner, the other birthday girl wants to do some karaoke at Ellis Island! . I'm also still hungry so decide on some MOZZARELLA STICKS! Oooh yeah friiiied cheeese!! And you know, I rarely EVER order mozzarella sticks... These were SO good though! Cheesey and gooey and served with marinara sauce. NOM. . Watching everyone karaoke was really fun too and the drinks were CHEAP-CHEAP!
I'm doing this... And I will revel in its failure.. lol.. I am referring to the late night Karaoke situation at Ellis Island Brewery. There are few things that are as much fun when you are having a drink with friends.. as karaoke both good and bad!. . Every so often I get a hankering' to head on down and have a go at the mic. As an added b onus.. Ellis Island has root beer that they brew themselves..and why am I so excited about that you wonder? ...1 (hyphenated) word.. "JAGER-Roo" It's (2) shot(s) Jagermeister in a tall glass of fresh brewed root beer. It will make you a believer. I love Italian, German and many other herbal liquors .. but Jagermeister was my first. Therefore, it will always be my baby ;'). . if you are even remotely interested in how delicious this could be dancing around your palate with hints of sweetness, herbs and sassafras.. .. I say go for it. Also, maybe stop in for some Karaoke. . . Have Fun!
Now I know where the locals go in Las Vegas. In the parking lot my car was one of the few that was not a cab. This place is a dump, but the steaks and eggs special at $5.99 was pretty remarkable. The service was friendly and it seemed like everyone except for me was a regular. Compared to the overdone, overpriced casino restaurants this place was a breath of (smokey) air. I do want to go back and try the beer and the BBQ offerings.
Went in for breakfast to the restaurant.  Unfortunately we had to walk through the casino first because of construction. YUCK....Smelled horrible, smoke, dirty, dark.. . That said breakfast was pretty good for the money. Steak and eggs, bacon were all good as was the coffee. Not a healthy alternative by any means, but if you are looking for a overall decent plate of bacon,eggs and toast it is fine. Our waitress wasn't great. Argued with me for ordering a la cart as it would have been .50 cents cheaper to order the special, but the special had too much food I would have wasted. Appreciated the help with saving money did not appreciate the constant disregard for my order.
Not an American BBQ fan but this placed changed my mind.. . Not many choices here, I think there were 4 or 5 choices coming with sides you either ate or didn't but that's what you got. . . Ordered the combo plate, half a chicken and half rack. . The bbq sauce was very good (and I don't like bbq sauce) the bbq beans were good (and I don't like bbq beans.) . . Only regret was I should have ordered the "full rack"
I went to this ellis island, for the cheap food not for the ambience or class. suffice to say, for the price, the food is good. I tried the steak special at the cafe, it was ok, but for the price, u cant really complain. the wait is crazy. 30 minute wait just to get a table at some dingy place. they brew their own beer too, and it does taste good. though, I prefer the rootbeer for myself. if u sign up for a players card and spend 5$ on the machine, for sure ull get some free 5$ slot play on the mail and free pizza and beer at Metro Pizza. this place, also boast a bbq place, which for me, is the best they have. the bbq is really tasty. I like the chicken bbq better compared to the ribs. the ribs can be dry and chewy. but for the price, it is a good deal. I also learned from one my co-workers that they have a karaoke bar in the casino, though I haven't gone there. maybe, I will one of these days and ill tell u all about it. well, that's gonna be another review then.
Fun karaoke nights, happy, cheerful, friendly locals and tourists alike. The cheap however delicious cold beer and ambience keeps me coming back for more. This is one of the joints I take my friends when they come to town. There's a limited amount of tables and benches so, come early.  You can get your own beer at the bar cause they are short staffed making the wait services extremely slow.
The food was decent, the casino was fun, but there craft beers were very good.
Oh man... good ol' Ellis Island.  I might have a dislike for it because this is the ONLY place my parents wanted to eat at cause it was super cheap, but when I'm on vacay, I want to check out as much as possible.  Nonetheless, I had to be a jerk and tell my parents every time NO and that me and the hubs were gonna go somewhere else.. . The one time we did go was after a showing of the Phantom.. I usually don't get too snobby about decor and upkeep in a dive restaurant, but when you go from the gorgeous Venetian to Ellis Island you are going from Ghiradelli to Aldi brand--and man Ellis Island was looking a little on the drab side that evening.. . Anyway, lets get back to the food.  I actually didn't want the steak special, but was craving some Italian so I opted for the Chicken Parm -- not only did it come with a side salad, I also got pasta and garlic bread, and I think it was only $6.99.  Glass of wine was CHEAP too, I think $4??  Not the best food or wine around (was actually on the watery side) but what else do you expect with those kind of prices?. . Do I think its something to enjoy in Vegas?  Sure, why not?! It's Vegas -- but def look around for other deals too :)
Great karaoke 7 nights a week ..the kj is good and the sound system was great..it is smokey inside but thats just what ya have to live with to dp karaoke in Nevada.  We will definately return ..a fun supportive karaoke crowd
Ok these beers are not going to wow a seasoned beer drinker such as myself. But they are what they are. The Light is piss in a glass, just horrible, as is the heffe, which is damn NASTY, this stuff smells and tastes like a fish tank smells, justt GROSS!!! But the Stout is not bad, and the Amber is actually pretty damn good. All beers at the main bar are $2.00 for a 20oz beer. They cost $.50 more in the lounge and cafe for some reason, so get em at the main bar. The IPA is the latest addition to the line up, and it is not very good, it in no way shape or form resembles an IPA, and in fact doesn't even come close to an APA. It needs a hop punch that just isn't there.. The star of this place is the food. The Cafe has good old fashioned comfort food at great prices. A full Prime Rib Dinner with a beer is under $13.00 and it is delicious!! A steak dinner with a Beer is under $8.00 and not too shabby either. There is a BBQ place that offers up standard BBQ fare at a great price as well, as well as a sandwich stand, and a Metro Pizza, both of which offer up tasty creations at reasonable prices.  . So go for the food, try the beers, you can't beat the price.
Haven't eaten at Ellis Island, so this review is on the beers (my specialty).. Note that their beers are also available at the Village Pub in the LV airport.. The bar is set very low when it comes to breweries in Las Vegas, so within that context their beers are average. The Amber is my favorite, and has a strong caramel flavor, slightly sweet finish, no hopping to speak of. The light is essentially Bud/MGD but made locally. Nothing special. The Weiss features only minimal wheat, clove, spice fruity flavors, so think American wheat beer rather than German hefeweizen. The stout is a slightly less roasty Guiness, easy to drink though, and the IPA is nothing of the kind. Last time I had it I thought it was the light at first. The IPA has really little to no bitterness, hop flavor or aroma. 20 IBUs perhaps? Don't expect much from it if you are a craft beer drinker.. They are known for having decent, super cheap food, so go here for the food or gambling, not the beer.
It's a place for late night cheap meals but the last time I went, service too extremely long. Other than that one time its alright, cheaper than places on the strip.
cheap but not worth a long wait, had the prime rib and asked for medium rare and it came out medium - steak was dry/tough. its a place where the old timers go and its off the strip.. . they make their own rootbeer which wasnt bad.
The hole-in-wall of a wall with many, many holes. If you want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and not spend $20 on a hearty breakfast, or $40 on dinner, get yourself here. Now, don't get me wrong, the food is by no means spectacular. It's highly average, but for the area it's cheap, decent and will fill you up. The fried chicken seems to be the standout on the menu, and for less than $7, you get four HUGE pieces, freshly fried, not too greasy, incredibly crisp on the outside/moist on the inside (plus a side). . . The in-house brewery also makes some solid beers. . . The casino seems to be the place locals who work on the strip go when they get off.  90% of the slots are penny machines. . . Lastly, if you love karaoke and don't want to spend a ton to do it, come here.  The bar next to the Cafe (mentioned above) seems to be bumpin with folks having a great time.  . . If you're decked out in 80" inch heals, or maybe leather pants, or maybe something that would be more fitted for the streets of Manhattan, you won't fit in here.
Saw all the Yelp reviews so I decided to give this place a chance. Plus since we came here as four students out budgets were quite low for dinners and lunch. . I ordered the King's Cut Prime Ribs. It came with a salad and mashed potatoes + a free tall (and by talk I mean REALLY talk glass) of root beer/beer. However, the ribs were alright, borderline under the normal standard. The Mashed Potatoes though is SUPER SMASHING. I would totally pay $10 just to eat them. The texture is silky and the gravy is like... There is really no words I can describe it.. My friend ordered a Streak Sandwich, NY Strip and a Pasta and they all came out to . about $100 something for four so that's not bad.. One plus point about this place is that the service is excellent and there are plenty of seats. . So all in all, a great place to eat if you want to pass all the ridiculously expensive restaurants but also don't want to have to resort to the McDonald across the road
Ellis Island is an oft overlooked dining gem in Las Vegas.  While its neighborhood location and interior atmosphere could BOTH use a bump up, the food is of consistently good quality and value.  What Ellis Island doesn't offer in ambiance, it returns in quality and value of food and service.  Drive by fast and you'd never know it's there!  Except for the returning fans who stand in line all day, sometimes for as long as an hour, to get a table.  Like many Las Vegas restaurants, Ellis Island has "off the menu" specials, one of which here is the $9.99 steak dinner.  it includes a well-chosen, succulent steak cooked to order (NOT like the gristly, tough shoe leather they pass off as steak down the street at Mr. Lucky's (at the Hard Rock).  Add to that a choice of soup or salad, choice of potato, freshly prepared vegetables (I usually receive green beans sauteed in garlic & butter) AND your choice of a tall ice cold beer or root beer, BOTH brewed right there on site!  When you walk away from Ellis Island, your wallet will thank you, your stomach will thank you, your friends and family will thank you, and most of all, you'll say to yourself "WOW! that was actually a really good dining experience! I never expected that kind of quality and value from such a meager place!"  TWO THUMBS UP FOR ELLIS ISLAND!
prime rib isnt what it used to be, but on my 2nd to last visit the 5.99 or 7.99 (bad memory) steak & eggs hit the spot! i used to always come for prime rib but now i'd come back for the steak & eggs. my friend ordered a roast beef sandwich here last time and it was pretty delish!!
The location has changed to right next to the sports book which looks like a fast food joint. The food is amazing but you can't split plate otherwise they will charge you $5. I think that's just ridiculous.
We must check out any brewery within our reach when we travel so we decided to walk over to Ellis Island.  Just a few blocks off the strip, behind Ballys, but man o man is that a hot few blocks!  So as we walked up I was thinking that it looked pretty crappy.  Not very nice from the outside, in fact not really that nice inside either.  But it ended up being a good experience.  We sat down at bar and asked to get a flight of their beers.  The bartender said he didn't want to make us pay for a flight but that he would let us try all the beers.  All light at refreshing.  Not amazing but nothing was nasty.  I am always super excited when places also have a homemade root beer!  The beers were really cheap and the service was really good.
This is a friendly, divey spot, providing a relatively close, off-strip option if you feel like some low-key gambling.  It's not crowded (or wasn't when I was there), and has various low-limit tables.. . The cafe was about average.  I had steak and eggs, and the steak was quite tough and dry.  The garden salad is basic and no frills, but crisp and fresh.  The fish and chips were fine - the breading on the fish was a little oily and bland, but the fish was moist and tender.  I tried the amber ale, and it was a little bitter for my tastes, but the handcrafted root beer was good.  Our server was suuuper friendly.
Cheap food, busy spot and it was extremely HOT!! At first, I thought it was hot because it was busy with lots of people but something was wrong with the air conditioning. It was difficult to sit and be patient because it was hot. As I looked around, I could see other people feeling the same way. Not a good experience when you're feeling extra hot. I'll try it again.
The prices were great, but they were out of stout.... . I was a bit crowded and that left the staff super spread out... Our table faced the kitchen door and it was obvious they only had two cooks in the kitchen, I wonder how the dining room got so croweded?  But for the price I don't mind having to wait for our food, beg for water and the check.. . I will say the people watching was priceless!  It looked like perhaps a convention of middle-aged mid-west salesmen had hit the place hard just before we were seated! Hilarious :)
My thoughts on Ellis Island is that since the place is too small, the smell of smoke is way too strong but the up's to this place is that they have good cheap beer and you can karaoke while you're there too. Can't comment on anything else as I haven't ate here or done anything else except drink but when and if, and that's a big if, I do then I will make sure to come back and comment. Laters, for now.
when u come here think of a very large hole in the wall bar with alot of extra machines and cheap food and drinks. A local favorite because of how cheap everything tends to be during the right hours and all the giveaways. William hill sports book is here as well so u can pick up ur winnings from all ur online betting. Good specials during games as well.
Decent food for cheap prices!. . I had the full rack of baby back ribs ($14).  The ribs are alright!  The texture of the ribs are odd, I agree w/ Kelvin C.'s review, it tastes like the ribs are boiled.  If you slab on BBQ sauce they taste pretty good.. . I also had the half rack of chicken ($9).  The chicken was pretty good.  I thought the breast was pretty dry but nothing BBQ sauce won't fix.  The rest of the chicken was ok.  I'm usually not a chicken guy but this was solid.. . Beer is super cheap at $2.  The beer is alright.  It tastes watered down.. . . TIPS:. -Sign up to be a member to get a discount on your meal.  It saves you about $3-$5 a plate.. -The wait time can be long so queue up before you gamble.
Ellis Island brewery was an interesting place to visit .  The ale is brewed right here; the pretty copper brewing vats are by the bar area and easily viewed.  The pizza is quite reasonable and sold by the slice and the beer is very reasonable too !!. The down side is the smoky, dark atmosphere and it's somewhat rundown inside,
2 for 1 pizza on Thursday. Pair with $2 beer, brewed right in the casino (you can see the brewery set-up along one of the walls.. . The pizza was fine, but nothing to rave about (but for less than $4 for 2 pieces, which were on special) it was a great accompaniment to the beer.  We sampled the Weiss, the IPA, and the Stout.  Good solid beers, I would totally get the stout again.  Order the beers from the center bar, instead of the pizza place or the sandwich shop to get them in glass (ours were in plastic).. . The atmosphere is pretty smoky, so if this is an issue, do not plan to spend much time here, but it is a great pit stop to try some local beers.
You will find Ellis Island beer at the brewery, Village Pubs and various Metro Pizza locations.  What I cant ever put my hands on is their signature egg nog that is available around the holidays.
