I'm really disappointed that I can't give this hotel a better review. The rooms are beautiful and spacious and the restaurants it encompasses are classy and elegant. (Rick Moonen and Hubert Keller restaurants in the same place? Amazing!) This was my issue. We bought a package deal with Lion King tickets for Sunday afternoon at 4pm. We then bought tickets to a 9pm show on the same night from another hotel. When we went to pick up our tickets, we were told that the 4pm had been cancelled and there was only an 8pm and we hadn't been contacted regarding the change. We were fortunate that Excalibur was able to exchange our tickets for our other show or else we wouldn't have been able to see Lion King at all. Mandalay should have taken the time to contact people who had purchased the 4pm tickets and it's unfortunate that they didn't do that. I'm not one to ask for freebies or anything but they really should have done something for us for the inconvenience they caused. We spent almost two hours of our precious time in Vegas running around trying to figure out our show reservations. Oh and the tickets they ended up giving us were literally the farthest from the stage that you could be. Next time we won't be staying here and will be taking our business elsewhere.
I sometimes write out my reviews as if they were definite facts but I'll just outright say that this time I am being picky and the following opinions are all a matter of my own personal preference. . . If M-bay was the nicest hotel you've stayed at on the strip, then you would probably think everything I complained about is petty. But if you have stayed anywhere nicer, then you might be able to understand where I'm coming from. Like they say, ignorance is bliss. . . Pros. 1. The shampoo/conditioner had a really nice smell. Reminded me of orange flavored candy. . 2. Key cards came with two free drink vouchers that could be used at pretty much any of the m-bay bars/lounges. . 3. Express checkout via the television. 4. Two couches. Although I didn't get much use out of them, those extra couches would be convenient if you are trying to cram a group of people into that room. . 5. Tram that goes to luxor and excalibur. . 6. Their website gave $89 as their lowest rate but I found a lower rate on another site and they gave me the lower price without any problems. Don't be afraid to call them to ask if you find a lower price elsewhere.. . Cons. 1. No bath products (as in bubble bath). 2. No bathrobes. 3. I had trouble using the keycards. It always took me 4-5x in order to get the door open. . 4. There is no master light. When you enter the room, the first light you can turn on is for the hallway. In order to light up the room, you have to individually turn on all the lamps. . 5. Shallow safe. . 6. It said on their website that toothpaste is an amenity, got to the room and no toothpaste! . 7. Restaurant choices are crappy. Most of their restaurants are americanized asian restaurants that charge you double the amount you would pay at a real asian restaurant.
This was the third year that we went to Vegas, baby for our company outing and this year we landed at Mandalay Bay.   Here is my snapshot on the visit:. . These things rocked!. . -Free Internet in the room. -Our view on the 31st floor was amazing. -Layout of the casino was nice and the evening dance band was really fun. -Starbuck's coffee at the Casino level-great way to start the morning!. . The not so great things:. . -Checked in at around 7:00 and our choice of rooms was limited on the upper floors.  No king Beds available and ended up with an accessible room. -Safe in room was itty bitty-not big enough for a computer, barely big enough for a cell phone.  (I-pad might fit). -No real directions for using internet.  It still showed that there would be charge when you logged in, but when you call the desk they said it was included.. . The pool and beach area was beautiful, but because it was January it was closed. I think this would be a huge and exciting benefit if you stayed there during the right time.   If you arelooking for a great breakfast place while at the hotel, be sure to check out House of Blues who offers the best price that we found.. . Hair Dryer, Iron and Iron board were all provided in the room.
Maybe it's just me, but I think adding a $15 / day resort fee is just gouging us... It's sort of like airlines, they don't want to post a higher price, so they tack on all sorts of fees.. . The rooms are large, and bathrooms are nice.
A good mid range casino choice.. . The $15 resort fee is ridiculous .. . The hotel and casino have an older crowd. If that's what you're looking for, it's a good way to avoid the more rowdy casinos.. . The rooms themselves are good enough. Not spectacular like the higher end casinos, but not shabby either.
Was staying at the encore, then when I had to stay an extra night in Vegas due to flight cancellation, came here because it was half the price of Encore.  I guess you get what you pay for - it was a 3 star room, though I'd give it an extra half a star for the nice bathroom and the size of the room.   But wait - take away the half star for the mandatory $20 resort fee.  . . Overall - nice spacious room, but not a luxury hotel experience.
Our room had a gorgeous bathroom. The service was great. It was a wee bit off the strip which could be annoying, and the artifical bay was silly. Why try to recreate nature, when it's gonna be a half assed attempt? I'd rather have a nice pool without all the hooplah, I guess that's why I like green valley ranch.
Previous years in Las Vegas I have had the pleasure of staying at The Venetian.   Full disclosure requires that I admit that these visits were on my employers dime, so I cannot speak to the price/value but I can certainly say I prefer the rooms at the Venetian.. . Having said that, Mandalay Bay offers many fine things.  the Parking seems easy to access, and the ability to get on the Tram is also a very nice touch.. . There are several rather nice restaurants, but most seem slightly out of my price range for an average afternoon or evening meal.. . The pools are amazing, but I can only speak to this from a visual inspection, and the words of friends. I have never personally taken advantage of them.. . Finally, the walk from the room to the convention center seems a bit extreme, coming out to almost 3/4 of a mile from room to center.  I guess that's so you can work off all the food you can't afford!
Kyle totally checked us out, with the most amazing fingers ever!  He was professional, courteous, friendly, and totally wow'ed us with his typing as he looked up our room, settled the bill, etc.  Seriously.  And folding the bill was crisp, precise, perfect.  Best check out person ever!. . Unfortunately, the rest of the stay was average.  The room we stayed in was really nice, but had a tremendous whistling sound whenever the wind blew (which it did quite a bit at night).  Also, we ended up locked out of our room, even the maid couldn't get in because the door had "lost its memory".  We ended up sitting in the hallway for 45 minutes waiting for maintenance, and this was a missed opportunity for Mandalay Bay to say 'sorry'.  . . We also found out on Monday, after three days, that the penthouse we stayed in came with membership in the lounge on floor 62, but evidently that is only on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.  That would have been useful to know so we could use it and get our free breakfasts, etc.  . . Finally, the wave pool only has a wave every 5 minutes, it would be great if there were a few more waves.. . Great mall area with restaurants, and the shark reef is not to be missed!  Overall, a nice property, but mediocre service with lots of opportunities, and as a result, I will likely try another hotel next time I am in Vegas.
My wife and I stayed here on our mini-honeymoon, and overall, I was unimpressed. She didn't mind our room as much as she minded the location of the Hotel (with regard to it's proximity to anything else). This place is just too damn far from anything cool (even the Vegas Monorail).. . I didn't think our room was worth the money we paid either, the room was at the very end of the hall completely opposite the elevator, so it took AGES to get to the door, especially when we were trashed. On top of that the furniture was beat up and the curtains were stuck part way open.. . The beach is awesome, the lazy river wasn't exactly lazy (what with all the kids and pool toys), the wave pool was nice and warm, but the life guards are overbearing ("Get behind the blue line!!!" Ugh! Shutup!), and I got sick from thefried chicken at the To-Go Grill. The Shark-Reef is pretty great, which is a significant compliment, especially since I've been to the Monterey Bay Aquarium and Academy of Sciences.. . Most of our time was spent walking away from here because there wasn't any other entertainment at our hotel while we were there, which is stupid considering they have a giant convention center complex attached. The Mandalay Place shops are pretty weak too.. . If you stay here, check out the Reef, Minus5 bar, and the beach. They are all pretty cool. Bring extra money for cabs, this place is at the VERY END of the strip; or if you have an aversion to cabs bring comfy shoes, take the free tram to Excalibur, then walk across Tropicana Ave. to New York New York, then across LV Blvd. to MGM Grand and then take the Monorail ($5 a passenger). . . I will mention, my wife got sick on the carpet and they didn't charge us to clean up. That was cool and probably their saving grace.
we got a mini suite here and i have no major complaints. the room just seems worn down. it didnt seem adequately prepared for us-- the mini bar wasnt stocked, the table tops werent dusted. we randomly got a few calls in the middle of the night asking if our shower handle was broken. weird. plus the elevators take foreverrrrr.
My husband and I stayed here on our recent trip to LV. I'd never been to Vegas before, and this hotel was a decent "first time" experience. From what I'd saw, Mandalay Bay is definitely nicer and cleaner than some of the nearby hotels. The casino is huge (well, this is Vegas after all) and there are a lot of restaurant options. . . Plus:. The Shark Reef is at Mandalay Bay. They have the second largest sharks I've seen in an aquarium, second only to the Maui Ocean Center (but there are a lot more of them). The room was clean, and the bathroom was huge and awesome!. Tons of pools, including the "beach". . Minus:. This is at the far end of the strip, so bring good shoes or lots of extra cab fare. The pools, while plentiful, are super crowded. My biggest complaint: The $18 a day resort fee. I scanned a few of these reviews before complaining about it to make sure I am not the only one that thinks it's bogus. They tack it on your bill at the end of the stay instead of just including it in your nightly cost. So what happens is you think you are getting a good deal compared to some of the other nearby hotels, and then they add an extra cost at the end of your stay. Pretty shady if you ask me.. . All in all, I would probably stay here again. At least I wouldn't be surprised by the resort fee the second time.
I can't remember if I've ever stayed here.  I know that is sad to say but I've been going every year for YEARS that we would just stay where ever we could get the best deals on rooms.  So I guess that means that it was unforgettable.  Because I do remember staying at the Luxor, Cesar's, treasure island, etc.... . Anyways, we stopped by to have drinks at the Red Square, and I would have to say that it was worth the visit.  Otherwise, I didn't see anything else that stood out orcaught my attention.
Me and two friends stayed here on our last night in Vegas (April 10th).  This was my first time staying at Mandalay Bay and only chose it because I got the room for $99 that night.  Mandalay Bay is usually too far away from the action of the strip in my opinion, but being that we wanted to relax, this place suited us just fine.. . It was a standard clean, double-bed room, but the bathroom is pretty spacious (see pics).  I was able to stretch out in the tub pretty comfortably and soak my weariness away.  . . We dined at China Grillthat night and the food was...too salty, to put it mildly.  I'll review the restaurant another time, but if you're curious, I give it 2 stars.. . The mini-bar is motion-sensor activated, so be careful about removing items from there...even for a few seconds.  Don't be tempted to grab something from there, unless you have money to burn (see pics).  . . Although we initially planned to visit their nightclub, Mix Lounge, we were no longer in the mood after the terrible dinner.  Plus, the place felt "dead" overall -  no high energy atmosphere typical for happening hotels such as the Venetian, Encore, or Cosmopolitan.  We ended up switching from nightclub attire to comfy clothes more suited for playing slots and poker.  ;-P. . One star for being the venue for The Lion King musical.. One star for the great pool area (see pics).. One star for the spacious bathroom and clean lobby/general hotel areas.
I did like the great pool of this hotel. However, you have to pay for every single little thing even to use the gym facility, they want to charge $25 per day! The Pool area is nice but then again so many restrictions for the kids. I thought my son could have enjoy the pool, specially the wave pool but but they claim he was too short ( missed by 2 inches) to be around there even with his own mother... I mean I love Vegas but this past time there was a little dissapointed.  I did think the Aquarium was nice, the shark reefs was great but then again very small and $$$$.  I recall being there a few years back and indeed finding activities for kids, NY NY used to have bumper cars but this was no longer available. I made all the way to the Circus Circus, but they just had a bunch of archades games , not so much fun for a 5 year old. I guess in summary, Vegas is no longer a nice place for the kids... But it is indeed fun for Adults.. So much partying..
We're at the Mandalay Bay right now...  If I can give it 3.5 I would..  I feel like this place is a little better then Bally's (room wise) but the pool area was bad ass and the service was very good.  Yah, over all, I like this place.. . Would I come back?  Yah, most def...  Affordable rooms....  great pools...  I just wish the hotel was closer to the middle of the strip...
Went on a business trip and love the experience. The buffet in the casino is the truth. Staffers was great with service. oo7oovii
I stayed here over the weekend with some high expectations and I left pretty disappointed.  If you have a little extra money to spend, stay at the Wynn...that place has the best customer service and will make all the difference in your stay.  . . I got hooked up with a deal for $180 on sat night so I can't complain too much, but here they are:. . Cons:. Valet: long wait to drop off car (15 minutes). Long wait for elevator - there was always a line, no matter what time of day. Long wait at concession/food stands. Average buffet. Sandpaper bath towels. Static on TV. Only 5 working channels on TV. . Pros:. Larger than normal room. Larger bathroom with 2 sinks. Nice shower head. Free lounge w/spectacular view  at "The Hotel" called "Mix" on the 64th floor . . My biggest complaint is the wait at the little food shop near the elevators.  It was 11pm on a Saturday and all I wanted was a soft drink to use as a chaser.  2 cashiers with long lines of 7+ ppl waiting - one was being held up trying to call the 800 number on the back of a gift card that kept being declined; the other had a customer asking for change on a receipt since the other cashier he was at did not have enough cash, which made this cashier walk over to the other (who was on the phone) and wait to speak.  This whole debacle literally took 15 minutes to solve.  All the while, a 3rd cashier in the back opened up only to start ringing people up from the back of the line....are you kidding me?  . . I wouldn't mind staying here again...it just doesn't compare to the Wynn
Nice hotel. Rooms were clean, but wished the maid would have changed out the sheets (also found a pill on the floor - brought our 4year old, so finding a pill on the floor was a little alarming to say the least). Hallways were littered with dishes and q-tips. Pool area was nice, but crowed, trying to find chairs difficult , unless you wanted to pay $50 for a "reserved" chair. For $50 you should get an umbrella (no that's an additional $75).Granted I'm here during the summer, but we are here during the middle of the week. The casino and lobby are were very nice. The absolute worse thing was the-freaking elevators!!!!!! You can make it to the top of the empire state building quicker then you could get an elevator. Catching a cab was always quick and easy. Over all had a nice stay, just had bigger expectations and was let down a little bit,
Mandalay Bay wasn't spectacular but it wasn't bad either. Definitely a couple things that you should look out for:. . -the elevators: everyone here is telling the truth. The elevators are slow and packed. it's like they only have one working. the wait is maybe about 5 minutes. it's not too bad but you can anticipate being crammed with ppl and floaty tubes almost every trip up and down from your room. . . -the line to check in is RIDICULOUSLY long. they have convenient check out procedures to prevent you from going through that line twice HOWEVER, the convenient check out (express through drop box, text, through video) doesn't give you a receipt. i'm still waiting on the charges to post, hopefully they're not crazy. Also something that I wanted to note was that while we checked in the person helping us told us that she had been working til 1am and was back at 10am working. she couldn't find our reservation bc she was on the wrong day... gah. when you check in you may get your keys but not your room number. they will call you to let you know your room number once your room is ready. . . -beach area is flooded with people but still enjoyable. if you're coming with your family you  may want to rent a cabana bc it's pretty hard to find a chair let alone a bunch all in a row. . . -there's a tram that connects mandalay to luxor and excalibur, save your feet!!!!!!!!!!!!! . . . those are the things that stand out to me. aside from all of that the room was very spacious. OH, room service only came ONCE out of the 4 days i was there. we didn't put a sign on the door so WTF. oh well. not a bad spot to stay at. the casino itself is clean and appealing. it is all the way at the end of the strip though (also an older crowd for nightlife) so you can guarantee you'll need a taxi if you want to get to more jumpin parties and things. A-OK mandalay.
It would've been 2 stars if it wasn't for the pool/beach area.. . Abi U.'s review took almost every word out of my mouth.. . Elevators: yes....on my trip, the elevators for floors 17-36 i believe was backed up!!!!!!! I'm not sure if the front desk sent ALL guests checking in that day to this elevator but the line was so long it was irritating.. . Also, since I was on floor 17, by the time the elevator got to my floor, there were no more room for me and my guest to enter. . I've never had elevator troubles in Vegas...not even at the 3 star hotel. And THIS....is supposed to be a 5 star????? .............sure.. . Didn't gamble here, just wasn't in the mood.. . It's so far down the strip...I call this side "the loser side of the strip." No happenin' nightlife and its a walk to the better resorts.. . Rooms: rooms started at 550sq ft. pretty big and room. It was clean so that was a big plus in my book. Only problem I have is THE LIGHTING!!!!!!! Its dim!!!! Soooo....if you're into having your room dark or if you don't want the person you're trying to impress see what you look like in the morning or without make up on...then this would be perfect for you. LOL.. . . POOL: Only thing I like about this resort was the pool area. The wave pool/sand area was cool..never experienced something like that especially in Vegas. Lazy river was fun, but i'm sure its even more fun if you freakin rent/buy a donut floaty thing for freakin $28!!!!!!!! hell no....i'll just walk around the lazy river. Then there are two regular pools for those who just want to lounge/swim.. . Would I come here again? ehhh...probably not. Especially if its not summertime, there's nothing here that would make me come back. Being that it's at the end of the strip is a complete turn off. But oh wells...that's another hotel checked off my list.
I'm going to keep this one short:. . 1 star for:. THE ELEVATORS - we had to wait in lines sometimes for 20 minutes or more before we could get on an elevator - especially during checkout on Sunday (we walked down 21 flights instead).. . 2 stars for:. Location - all the way at the south end of the strip. A little far from everything except the airport.... Restaurants, shops, hotel entertainment - very expensive. Example? $17 sunscreen and $6 bottles of water. WTH?. . 3 stars for:. The rooms - comfy and clean, but you can hear everything in the halls.. The wave pool - way too crowded and the pool was just kind of gross.. Lazy river - fun, but doesn't come with flotation devices so we just walked through it - tons of children there!. . 4 stars for:. Landshark Lagoon - peaceful fun (21+ only), great waitress service, cornhole/bags, hot tub and a nice shallow pool to wade through.. . We spent most of our time at the pool or out and about in Vegas. I would rather stay at a more centrally located hotel next time.
Hotel - okay. Comfortable beds and nice rooms (depending on which you get to stay in). Large bathrooms with double sinks and hot tub with separate shower but small toilet room. . . Room service is decent. I'd definitely love the eggs benedict with (real) crab. Chicken wings are very good as well. Large and meaty.. . Pool: very family oriented so if you are looking for single people to meet, don't come here. There is a 21 over pool where women can go topless but it's way too expensive and I don't think many people come here.. . Casino: Not bad but tables normally aren't under $10 during a slow weekday. . . Buffet: okay but not great. Not a lot of choices but then again in Vegas meals can get pretty pricey really quick. So $25, ain't that bad.. . Cons: long lines when checking in or out. When I stayed here this past weekend, the computer system in the hotel was going through a complete overhaul and they weren't able to bill directly to my room. Bars are small and not very packed at all. This place was good about 10 years ago but not anymore. . . I've never really had a bad experience here though.
It was nice but I will never stay there again!
The Mandalay Bay is lovely.  Our room had a view of the strip, was quiet, extremely comfortable, and more or less convenient to the strip.  . . The pools are great, but very very crowded, so be warned.  The service is pretty good, although checking in and out takes a long time. . . HOWEVER, the elevator takes forever.  So long that I will likely never stay here again.  I have to routinely wait OVER 30 MINUTES to get down the elevator from my room.  This is insane and makes it impossible to make plans/meet people/catch a flight.  . . Bottom line: great hotel, but not worth the crushing misery of the elevator fiasco. Also, the resort fee is ridic.
We went to Mandalay to see the Volbeat concert at the House of Blues. Our room was really nice and clean with a great bathroom. Wonderful breakfast for room service. My only real complaints are the hidden fees and outrageous prices, $22 resort fee on top of the $170 I already spent for the room. The $5 cover charge for breakfast. $7 for a 12 oz. beer. The prices were too crazy for me.
Mandalay Bay is beautiful. The rooms are incredibly comfortable and the pool, lazy river, and wave pool are great. . . Many rooms seem to come with large bathtubs, which is awesome. It's really a nice property. . . However, the service at Mandalay Bay, though not the worst I have ever encountered, leaves something to be desired. . . Upon check in, the front desk went out of their way to put me in my place for asking for my free meal vouchers (part of the package I booked). . . The staff (not including housekeeping, who were super nice) just seemed very pretentious and smug. It was annoying, to say the least. When you pay $200+ a night for a hotel room (in Las Vegas, where perfectly nice rooms are always available less than $100 a night), you expect great customer service. . . We requested a late checkout the day we were supposed to depart (due to a canceled flight) and were told it would cost extra, even after explaining the situation. We weren't asking for a free night or anything, just a couple of extra hours. . . It was not to be.. . The gaming floor is great. They probably have one of the most comfortable sports books on the Strip. The decor is nice. The rooms are nice. If only the staff wasn't so horrid.. . The only other crazy annoyance about Mandalay Bay is how long it takes to get a down elevator every morning. Having stayed at many hotels in Las Vegas, I will admit that it can, at times, take a few minutes anywhere. At Mandalay Bay, every day we left the room between 10 a.m. and noon, it took no less than 8 minutes for an elevator (that was not totally full) to appear. One day it took nearly 15 minutes. Take the stairs, you say? Sure! 30+ flights of stairs, NO SWEAT. You would think in Las Vegas, land of incredible engineering and adult magic, they would have some sort of solution to this problem...
I've only stayed here once, and I didn't pay for the room so what hell do I care.. . Had the pleasure of staying here with three lovely ladies. One who I was dating at the time. I normally stay at THEhotel. And our group had actually booked a room to stay there as well. But upon check in, someone screwed up the room reservation. I really didn't care. It wasnt the resorts fault.. . Rooms are clean, bathroom is roomy. Sheets and bed are ok. Service was attentive when it came time to clean the rooms. I yet to check out their pool and go swimming. Which I always regret. But their spa is pretty bad ass. Grabbed lunch at the hussons cantina. Pretty good food. It's Mexican food FYI. Casino is average. I did however win 800$ on the slots. Which is always a plus. . . So in the end, it's a slightly above average hotel and casino. I also forgot to mention their tram can take you to either Luxor next door. Or Excalibur passing that. Which is great if it's a 100 degrees plus outside. Look for online discounts though. Try not to pay full price. Those discounts are always floating around on line.
This is a pretty nice hotel..... The Mandalay Beach is amazing.. . The room is huge....the bathroom tub is inviting. The shower with the glass door is sexy...and the toilet with its own seperate stall and phone; awesome. Two bathroom sinks...and a mini bathroom TV while you take a bubble bath. . . OH EM GEE. Considering this super sick amenities... there's no.... HAIRDRYER in our room??? are you kidding me??. I called Guest Services and my hair dryer came to the room when my hair was already dry..from waiting. Thanks a lot.. . Checking in was a pain too. There were only 3 people working the long line of people.. . Location wise: Never again. Too far away from all the fun on the strip. There's a tram but the tram shuts down at 11pm. Taking a cab from the hotel is an option...but keep the cash and spendit elsewhere. . . WARNING: Do not touch anything from the fridge. they have a super smart fridge that charges you if you pull their overpriced drinks out to chill your own beverage and alcohol. . . King sized bed: Boyfriend and I loved the plush mattress and plush pillows..... . The room has enough room for my boyfriend to do his Insanity workout. I think our hotel room is bigger than our apartment.. . We enjoyed our stay, nevertheless.. . Good price for a really high end hotel.
I was looking at the reviews and then it suddenly struck me that almost all the ladies here loved the pool. As if rest everything else didn't matter!! What if you don't rent a car and depend on public transportation?  Did all you ladies stay in the pool for the entire time during the stay? How did you get tothe other casinos, shopping eating, site-seeing. I was expecting reviews about these with respect to Mandalay Bay. Is Mandalay Bay worth staying if you spend a lot on cabs or had to be time constrained for trams?
Very understaffed but has great bedrooms and baths.. . The only resaurant open after-hours has 30 minute wait beacuse they dont have enough staff (but plenty of tables), room service minimum 1.5 hours, front desk minimum wait 15 minutes (even at 11pm at night).  Even when all the restaurants are open during the day, there are lots of empty tables and a line outside the door because they dont have the wait staff to accomodate.. . So if you plan to never leave your room or eat, it is perfect.  Oh yes and there are 16 elevators, however it appears that only two same to work at the same time.  You will spend a lot of time waiting for the elevator
First night spent there they woke me up at 9 in the morning doing some construction work. Drilling? For hours. I couldn't sleep. Complained about that and my iPod dock not working and they gave me about $100 to spend on food. Incredibly expensive. Fresh squeezed orange juice. $22? And then when we went to pay for the room costs they didn't seem to remember I have the complimentary $100 they gave me! Overall hotel was nice and pool too!
So my brother wanted to go to this gaming convention but needed a chaperone and as an early Christmas present I accompanied him to Vegas so he can attend (but not before inviting a couple of friends to come!).. . The convention was at the Mandalay Bay and they had really good deals for staying there. We paid on average $89 a night for two queen beds. The rooms were surprisingly big and clean. We had an awesome view of the pools (there seems to be like 5 of them!) and convention centers but it was a bit too chilly to actually go swimming. . . I had read that you can watch sharks on TV if you stayed at the Mandalay and after browsing through the channels multiple times...I failed to see any sharks. Sadface.. . I also didn't like the fact that it is at the very end of the strip and is SOOOO far from everything! Yes, there is a tram to Excalibur...but who wants to go to Excalibur anyways? Last time I came I stayed at the Venetian and it was considerably closer to all the major clubs! For the price, I think I was satisfied...but if it wasn't for my brother's convention being there...I probably would not have picked the Mandalay.
Large, spacious rooms. Gorgeous bathrooms - legit so much space that me and my 2 girlfrands had an after-after party in here. With lots and lots of baked goods. But that's a story for another time ;). . Extremely far from the strip. Surprisingly a cab from Mandalay to Bellagio (middle of strip) or to Trump (the other end of the strip) were both $15. Not sure how that works/happens but it sure does add up! We tried walking to and from Mandalay and the strip a bunch of times but always winded up taking the Express Tram from Excalibur. . . P.S. Right below the elevators is a convenience store that sells liquor all night! So you won't have to trek all the way through the casino with your heavy ass luggage into the connecting stores in search of that one little store that sold 3 types of liquor, like I did.
I haven't stayed personally stayed here, but I was here for the Rock and Roll Las Vegas Marathon. I did head up to the room where my friends were and chilled in their room before the race start, so I will comment on that. The room itself was pretty nice, with 2 single beds and lots of space.  The television was a flatscreen and it was sweet to just be in the room. We had a view of the street below on the 32nd floor, along with the view of the Mandalay Bay logo on the building.  The bathroom was nice too, separated toilet and shower. This is luxury living right here.. . The hotel itself was grand, as all Las Vegas Strip properties seem to be. Loving the Starbucks location within the property, although there were multiple properties with the exact same thing. Yay for Starbucks!! I didn't play at the casino, as I was trying to do Vegas on a budget. The casino was clean and civil, although I have heard some screams of victory from some tables, but all in all, it was a well kept establishment.. . I would have liked to stay here longer, even though I don't gamble.  I liked the fact that the Mandalay Bay was gold. Makes it really stand out, versus the other properties along the Strip. Plenty of parking space on property. Just being in Las Vegas is pretty cool, but decent. I will think about staying here the next time I am in Vegas, but it's hardly unlikely, since I want to see more of Europe in my lifetime.
3 stars. definitely 3 stars. definitely no more than A-OK.. . The room at Mandalay Bay looks just okay. Aria has better much looking rooms equipped with cool technology and gadgets.  Housekeeping service is just okay; i'm a little surprised that the bathroom amenities do not include mouth-rinse...... . The only "cool" thing I consider is the little television inside the bathroom....which in fact is not really all that cool but oh well....*shrugs*. . Resort fee: $20 per day, including wifi service.. . Would I recommend it?  hahaa nope!
I've stayed at the Mandalay Bay several times over the past few years, most recently over the Christmas holiday.  Granted it was supremely busy because of the holiday, paired with the "Lion King" and nearing the end of the Michael Jackson, "Immortal" tour, it wasn't too bad.. . One thing I love about the MB is that their rooms are always consistent.  I can always expect a nice, bigger than typical hotel room, sporting modern decor withi it's dark woods and beige contrasts, along with a small couch to lounge on, floor to ceiling windows, comfy bed with crisp sheets, and two closets, one of which had a wall safe.  The bathroom was huge and featured dual vanities, large soaking tub, standing shower and a toilet in it's own room.. . About the bathroom, if you're sharing the room with family or friends and are quite shy, be forewarned that there is a window into the bathroom that's partially frosted.  Standing at the right angle, you can see right through it.  Regardless of hotel, I honestly wouldn't share a room with my family while in Vegas just because.  But with friends, we've honestly seen worse things.. . On the flipside, there are some negatives, such as the walls are pretty thin that you can hear what's going on in the room next to you and I literally mean, what's going on!  Also, be sure to request a room without a connecting door, otherwise they'll check in some "Woo Girls" (You need to watch HIMYM to get it.) which their noisy, wooing will make you think they're wooing right inside your room.  When a neighboring door slams, oh it slams hard and shut that you'll feel it and hear it, even at 4am.  Lastly, they charge this $20 resort fee, which includes wireless internet (Which SUCKS so bad, the longest I'm stay connected is maybe 10-minutes.), access to the Cardio room only (There's an extra fee for spa access), local calls (Really?  Ever heard of a cell phone?) and daily newspaper (Which you have to pick up at the gift shop, but wait, the USA Today is always complimentary at every hotel?).. . The rooms have kept up well but they're going to need some renovation in the next couple years as their carpet is showing it's age, furniture is getting dinged and frankly, the newer properties such as the Aria and even the Wynn are raising the bar quite high.. . Unfortunately, I don't care for any of the restos featured inside the MB, although I did eat at the Burger Bar located in their shopping mall, Mandalay Place.  A plus is that there's not one, but two Starbucks on the main level, but of course their prices are inflated than your typical Sbux location.  If you're anti-Sbux, just walk down the hall towards THEhotel and there's a coffee spot in their lobby.. . Gaming is pretty decent and they offer all the usual slots and table games with decent limits.. . We watched the MJ "Immortal" show here and the Events Center was bigger than your typical Cirque du Soleil stage.  If you're watching a similar show, I'd suggest picking seats that face forward, rather than from the sides.. . Location, well, you're literally on the south end near the airport so you're pretty far from the heart of the Strip.  If you're a walker, then no biggie as there's a hallway that connects to the Luxor and a tram that connects to Excalibur and so forth.  You can always do the "Deuce" bus which is $2 a ride and the stop is located acrosst he street.  Otherwise, you need to cab it or get a car.  Also, since you're near the airport you can hear mild flight noise if your window faces the airport.  Although you can see the runway, you can barely hear it unless you're standing by the window.. . Overall, I'd stay at the MB again, but it's not necessarily my first pick anymore.
I like the suite at Mandalay Bay its 750 sq the service at the front desk are always friendly, But I dislike it when my room were comp and they still charge me if I didn't look at my credit card the same week I wouldn't catch it that they charge me for 2 nights when those 2 nights are suppose to be free.
gross. just gross. the only reason it's a 3 star, is because it really is. but one of the dirtiest hotels i've ever been to. gross.
Here because it's our conference hotel...again...and in the year since i was here, they have gotten rid of the Keurigs in the rooms-the only room coffee available is calling room service.   Grrrr.  That's worth a loss of 2 stars to me.  Bring back the room coffee!
Hotel was nice. Rooms were nice. However check out is at 11am. No checkout extension. So if you have a long Saturday that rolls into the weeeee hours of sunday....be prepared to have to get up and leave by 11. Thats probably one reason i would not stay here again. . . They dont have $5 craps tables, but the service to get drinks at the table are quick.
Considered one of the most kid friendly spots in Vegas, we decided to enjoy spring break here with our 7 year old daughter and 14 year old son. The beach is awesome BUT you have to get in line 10-15 minutes before 9am to ensure you get a spot on the beach - for a hotel this size, the beach doesn't seem to be big enough to accommodate half the guests at any given time. Several heated conversations on the beach about chairs and what not. Luckily, we were there bright and early every day and got a spot! The beach has a small, fast food style cafe that serves sandwiches, chicken fingers, hot dogs, burgers and some breakfast foods. Also has a sit down grill type restaurant - nachos, burgers, chicken fingers all of which looked amazing but tasted awful :( stick with the chicken fingers - can't go wrong. The elevators were a problem, frequent LONG waits in lines to get up and down to and from the hotel room, that was beyond annoying! It felt like you had hit the jackpot on the rare occasion you didn't have to wait several minutes for an elevator. The checkout line was ridiculous but they did offer free bottled waters to offset the inconvenience of the wait :) . The room was a little less than spotless, the bed skirts were filthy. One time when we got back to the room the bed was made but the comforter was rolled up on the floor in a ball (huh???) like housekeeping was called to an emergency in mid clean up. Our room never had that just cleaned feel to it. The bathroom was cool, the TV in the bathroom was a bonus. . All and all - I'd stay here again with the kids but elsewhere if it were just the hubby and I. Very kid friendly!
generous with comps, but that's not really worthy of an extra star, since it's paid for other ways, oftentimes tenfold... . really, very nice front desk people, but how many times could you possibly run out of rooms to put us in? twice is twice too many. it's not like we check in late either, so it doesn't make sense, unless of course they put the comps at the bottom of the list? or maybe we're at the bottom rung of the VIP tier. poop. the first time it happened, they ran out of king non-smoking so they put us in a king smoking. our lungs were dying through the night, so we asked to be switched to a king non-smoking the next day, and they mistakenly put us in double queen non-smoking. we were like wtf (in a nice way of course). and were finally switched to the correct room. holy ballistics. what a pain in the arse. the second time, we didn't bother and they just housed us in a double queen on a "nice floor" (the 9th......................). . rooms are ok. they have the basics and a little extra that you would expect from mandalay. sad to say, I almost feel like they dumb down the service and amenities in order to make THEhotel shine (which it does, but that's another story).. . food options are plentiful (love fleur before they took off the de lys and burger bar!), but unfortunately, not at 3am. raffles cafe was surprisingly good though, or maybe we had so much fun that anything could taste good. &mix and the foundation room have the most amazing view of the strip IMHO. . bonus star** the pool cannot be beat!
I stayed here recently for a conference, staying five nights. This is about my fifth trip to Vegas, staying at different places each time. I think by the things I measure these hotels on (mostly the room itself), this was not one of my favorite. It's hard to beat the snazzy rooms of some of the others down the street and this place doesn't really try. I was bummed they were out of kings and I had to take two doubles (no, I don't want to change rooms another day) and my view was obstructed. The floor's windows only were half the height of a normal view and while the view was of the gorgeous beach, wave pool and lazy river, it was half a view with iron work cluttering that up. Boo. The hotel room reminded me of a new apartment rental - the carpet was starched and crunchy under my feet and there was the smell of fresh paint and stuff that just reminds you of a new rental. . . To be fair though, the casino itself is super clean. Yeah, there's the smell of casino and smoke you get used to, but all it took was a walk through New York, New York to remind me that this place is much cleaner and fresher. Kudos on that, since I had to walk through it constantly. The food is insanely, insanely expensive everywhere you go and if there was a cheap meal in that place, I didn't find it. There are some good places in there though if price isn't an issue. I'll review them separately but the House of Blues Foundation Room and the oyster place were pretty fantastic. Lots of cool fruity drink places too, which was kinda cool. I liked how small (comparatively) the casino was to get from shopping to the tram to the conference rooms.. . As far as conference rooms go, the only complaint was about acoustics in the rooms with high ceilings. Not thatimportant to most of the people who come through here, but a tough thing for us at times. I know I'll be back in the next year or so here and I have to hope I can make time for the beach and pool. Sadly they close at 6pm, which is hard to manage if you work all day, but I'll make sure to come in a little early next time and spend some time soaking up the sun.
The Mandalay Bay is one of the best hotel & casino options on the Strip. Sadly, it's at the very end of it. It's sort like playing for the Buffalo Bills. Technically, you are an NFL team and you play in New York. But wouldn't you rather play for the Jets or Giants?. . Clearly, business is all about location. . . Luckily for me, my 11-day business trip brought me to the Mandalay Bay. It made my walk (of shame) to my work a bit more bearable and my walk (of fame) back to my room a bit more exciting. Throughout the day and especially the evening, there are plenty of quality places to eat, drink, and eventually, sin.. . "Big money! C'mon, big money!". . That's what I heard over and over at the "Wheel of Fortune" slot machine inside the casino. I witnessed a business colleague play this machine for a few hours, lose all of her money by 12:30 A.M. and get cut off from the ATM machines. This lead to her calling her husband in Pennsylvania (at 3:30 A.M. his time) for more money. He said no. By 1 A.M., she was offering to buy me drinks with her company credit card in exchange for my cash so she could play the "Wheel of Fortune" slot machine a bit more. Eventually, she was offering more favors before I made her go to bed. . . Now the above anecdote is a common story in Las Vegas. But when you do it at the Manadaly Bay, it makes it look and sound a bit more classy.. . Right?
Pros: The bathtub was the biggest pro by far. I also appreciated the double sinks, great view, and quiet.. . Cons: The separate toilet area makes you feel claustrophobic, the lighting in the room was poor (not enough of them), and the TV in the restroom did not receive external channels.. . Financials: The extra $25/day resort fee for free wi-fi and access to the gym does not give you your money's worth.. . Summary: It is too far from the things on the strip. I recommend staying no further down than the MGM to save time and swollen feet or paying a little more to be in or near the City Center properties. However, its great if you want quiet away from the action and to swim in your bathtub like I did. . . Room Tip: If your a light sleeper and want a quiet room, ask for one away from elevators and ice machines.
Nice property, spacious rooms, good service and I love the pool area and lazy river. My complaint and hence my rating of 3-Stars are for the following:. . Elevators: The elevator service was horrible. The doors would not close in a timely manner without having to depress the door-close button. There were 8 elevators servicing the 2-16 floor, and I never saw more than 2 elevators running at a given time. And finally, there were 4-5 times when we entered the elevator and it did nothing. We were standing in the open elevator for several minutes before realizing that it was probably out of service. Seems like a trivial gripe, but it was very irritating for us (and other guests). . Fitness: In all my travels, I've NEVER had to pay to work out. At Mandalay Bay, I had to pay $25 per day just to lift for 45 minutes. Heck, I can work out every day for a month and a half at Golds Gym for $25. And on top of the $25, I STILL had to pay the 15% "resort" fee. What a joke!! And the daytime manager (I will refrain from mentioning his name), didn't even credit me the stupid $25 bucks. He said he couldn't refund that (of course his non-verbal facial blushing let me to believe he was lying). You would think that after dumping more than $3K at the tables, he would have showed me a little relief...I didn't need the $25 bucks, but just on principal and courtesy.   Unless there's a conference, I will DEFINITELY will chose another hotel. . . Grow up Mandalay Bay!!
With the number of reviews alreadyon this place, I'm not sure I can add anything that hasn't already been said.. . I like its convenience and that it seems to have it all.  Not the most glamorous place on The Strip but very enjoyable.
This would have been 4/5 stars if they hadn't charged my card twice for 2 rooms. When we went to complain, they said "our records don't show that". I actually had to get my bank on the phone to talk to them b/c they refused to believe me. . . The beach is the business tho and McDonald's is a quick drunk run across the street.
We stayed at Mandalay Bay from April 29 - May 3, 2012. We were assigned a standard room despite our willingness to pay $100.00 (or more) an evening for an upgrade. A hotel the size of Mandalay Bay and no available upgrades? What a disappointment, we were celebrating a Birthday weekend and.... Oh well. . . Hotel: Beautiful, lush, tropical, marble, fountains, lovely. Well maintained.. . . Room: We stayed on the 32nd floor with a pool view (airport and parking lot view as well). As other reviewers have disclosed the rooms show signs of wear and the walls are thin. We heard the people in the room next-door, their phone ringing and their television. In the evening we heard thumping from music in the clubs. Airplane traffic was persistent and combined with helicopter noise, annoying! . . Casino: No matter what you like to play... you can find it here! The overall feeling in the casino was buoyant, even-though we did not witness much winning. It's obvious that the staff on the casino floor are few and the employees working are doing so much! At one point I sat for over Twenty minutes at a machine with its lights flashing and buzzer sounding. A gentleman that was cleaning (Jesus) found someone to help me. The attendant (Luz) was apologetic and remedied the situation. The beverage servers were amazing, one in particular (Wyonna) was spectacular! . . Pools/Beach/Cabana: We rented cabana number Five. When we first arrived, I picked up trash that was left behind by the last occupants. We rented the cabana thinking we would have some semblance of privacy. Privacy = Nonexistent, in fact someone walked right through it while we were on our lounge chairs! (It was so windy we had to leave the curtains open). In front of the cabana there is not a clear division of space, with the exception of cabanas having red lounge chairs. We had people right next (and I mean RIGHT NEXT) to our "red" chairs, smoking, sun bathing, partying and having a great time. The food and beverage servers were terrific, yet another hard working group of employees. The lifeguards were friendly and observant. The pool and beach areas were clean and inviting. Restrooms in the pool area could be improved upon. . . Dining: There are scores of dining options most were fairly pricey and nothing we had is worth mentioning. . . Service: The Staff at Mandalay Bay = STELLAR! Every employee that we encountered was friendly, helpful and efficient (Michael at the VIP Card service desk was simply wonderful).The employees' make this hotel extraordinary and would be the reason we return...If we visit Mandalay Bay again, we will book a suite as far away from the airport as possible. . . ** We would not rent another cabana here.
Oh Mandalay, your rooms are nice and classy, your restaurants are excellent, your pools are the stuff Vegas is made of (including the difficulty in getting a chair factor) but your casino floor is just an unhappy place.  Never, ever have I had card dealers who looked so unhappy and were so unfriendly.. . I made my $300 casino donation, I just wish I had done it with a smile on my face.  I just don't like gambling at your casino.
This was a nice place to stay. The room was clean and up to date.  My only gripes are as following:  Could seem to find a good cheap place to eat when we just wanted a snack instead of a pricey gourmet sit down place.  Second, all the good seats by the pool had to be "rented" and in order to get an inner tube for the lazy river you had to BUY one at $18 bucks a pop! Now why would we want to do that?  Plus the lifeguards at the pool were more like drill sergeants. And the drinks were expensive: $9 for a can of beer. The wave pool was clean and refreshing but I dont see myself going back especially since it is all the way at the end of the strip and they charged us $28 extra per night for "resort" fees which is supposedly for the internet and a newspaper and it is NOT optional!
Stayed here a couple times and the place looks real nice inside and out.  Yes even the rooms.  However as a Platinum member I have never had a view of the north side strip.  My last time here was only for a night and they couldn't even get me a view on the north side.  I really like this place, but if I had to say only thing I don't like is the location being at the very south end of the strip.... not such a big deal if you like to walk or cab often (or hang out at the same place the whole trip!). . I will definitely go back as I know eventually my favorite trip there still awaits!
I'm another who wanted to love this hotel, but just couldn't.. . I'll spare you the minor details (unhelpful personel/ rude bartenders) and get to the nitty gritty.. . Upon first entering my room, after a long wait to check in, I headed straight to the bathroom to relieve myself. As I was looking down, I was astonished to find dried urine marks on the toilet. Yes, housekeeping took the time to fold the first sheet of toilet paper into a nice, little, pointed tip, but decided cleaning up the last guest's misfire, was not top priority...gross. . . Later, I hop into the shower and find mold at the bottom of each corner. This surprised me even more than the pee stains. This was not something that was overlooked once, but habitually. That shower hadn't seen a full cleaning in MONTHS... really gross. I don't even want to think about how often they actually change the sheets. *cringe*. . Ok so the housekeeping staff needs to change their eyeglass prescriptions, but how is the room service?. This is something (among many other things) that I really appreciate about the Venetian, which has exceptional room service. When I pay $25 for a sandwich, I expect it to be at least a few steps above something I'd get at Chili's. The Mandalay however, did not fulfill this expectation. Late one night, I ordered a corned beef reuben, which I looked forward to for the entire HOUR+ that I waited for it. "Man, it's going to be so good"...NOT. Fucking terrible. The meat was so tough, I couldn't even bite through the sandwich. . . The final straw came when I went to pick my car up from valet. It's a push start, so the key doesn't need to be in the ignition to drive. This apparently caused too much of a mental overload for the valet service. One of the drivers must have tucked the key in his pocket and forgotten to tag it. I waited close to 20 minutes before I was informed that they could not find my key. They then proceeded to try to convince me that I had not actually turned in my key. After assuring them multiple times that I'm not a fucking idiot and that I had turned in the key, the driver had an epiphany of sorts and proclaims "oh, I bet I know where it is". Great, thanks genius. He headed inside to the lockbox, where they had apparently stored the key, because somebody was too lazy to backtrack and figure out to which car it belonged. . . I'm GIFTING this place 3 stars, seeing that it's not a total dump and actually has potential to be a great hotel. But considering the poor service, all the fees and overall price, Mandalay Bay leaves much to be desired. I'd rather pay the extra cash to stay at the Venetian (my default Vegas hotel).
Sad to say I was extremely disappointed w/ my stay here. I come to VEGAS at least once a month since I only live 3.5 hours away.  I have always wanted to stay here because I heard they have the best pool in LV.  Well I have to stay the pool is nice looking but I did expect it to look better!  The biggest disappointment was the POOL we walked into the pool area about 12noon and it was like I walked into Raging waters it was FULL OF CHILDREN holly cow I have never seen so many children at a Vegas pool.  I was getting pumped, pushed, shoved by kids.  The staff at the pool also said I could not have my drinks in pool w/out a lid? So my beer was NOT enjoyable with a cup, lid, & straw it was like serious??? So not even 5 minuets and I wanted to get the hell out! I walked over to the lobby and asked to speak w/ a manager.  I have to say the manger on duty was EXTREMELY nice I explained how unhappy I was and disappointed w/ the pool being full of children and he said he understood and refunded my entire stay! WOW .......... that was easy! What a great management I did not even have to argue w/ them!  Very pleased w/ that part.  I spoke w/ a different staff member at Mandalay and she did mention it  very FAMILY FRIENDLY here because of the shark exhibit & wave pool so if you have children this is the place to stay.  But honestly Vegas is not a place to bring children I mean my parents never brought me either simply because HELLO its 21 & older here!  . . Oh yes, and not to mention the elevator lines are ridiculously packed!  . . We checked out and checked right into the MGM grand my FAVORITE place and guess what only 4 children sightings inthe entire pool area woooooooooohoooooooooooooo  PARTY TIME!!!!  NO problem w/ my drinks having to be in a cup awesome POOL at the MGM GRAND!!!!
Hour and a half wait to check in, and the only thing they offer is free almonds and a few drink tickets. Won't be staying here again.
We got a room on the 31st floor facing the strip, which was the absolute best thing about our stay here. Other than that, the hotel itself was as nice as any other hotel on the strip downstairs (lobby, casino, overpriced restaurants). Upstairs in the room, though, the walls were so thin that we could hear our neighbors throughout the night. The bathroom and room we a decent size, but the bathroom itself smelled like tobacco from the time we checked in to the time we left. We called house keeping several times to no avail. They said that they would be up immediately,and never came. When we went out for the night, we came back to a new pile of sheets on the bed, but no air freshener for the bathroom. It's like they weren't even listening. The air conditioner was set on 60 from the time wet checked in, but it constantly felt like 75 in the room. We were able to get a late checkout at the front desk when we checked in, which was 1 pm as opposed to 11 am. Room service and restaurants were as expensive as you would expect them to be in a 5 star resort. We asked for a microwave and were told it would be $30 extra per night. There is a $25 resort fee per room per night. In room wi-fi is pitifully slow. The business center charges to print, but the concierge is included in your resort fee. You need to budget about 45 minutes to check in since the line is very long (I think this is the case at most "strip hotels.") It took forever to get up to our room. There are 6 elevators for floors 17-32, but the wait time to actually get in to an elevator and up to your room can be anywhere from 10-20 minutes. . . The resort itself is beautiful. The beach and the pool for a little over crowded, but seemed to be nice enough (we didn't have time to go).  The Toptional beach (over 21) has a $30 cover fee for men and free for women. The shark reef was nice, though the line to get in was quite long. Self park is shared with The Hotel at Mandalay, so it's a really long walk. If you're staying at the place, it's better to valet. Valet and Bell Desk were quick and courteous. We tipped about $2-4 every time we saw them.
Shark Reef, Concerts, fine dining and upscale shopping are just some of the draws of this casino, not to mention the beach and wave pool.  On weekends and some week nights, the valet is full or reserved just for hotel guests so be prepared to parking garage it.  I have been to Mandalay bay for the Barenaked Ladies Concert, Big Time Rush (for my daughter) and Shark Reef.  I have also eaten at Burger Bar, RM Seafood a chinese restaurant and the Crepe place.Shark Reef is incredible and worth the reasonable 20 something admission.. . Why only 3 stars you may ask?  Well I never feel welcome here.  The restaurants are all expensive, even the overrated Burger Bar.  The staff seems less than friendly and getting around can be an adventure as you have to walk forever to get to Shark Reef.  The rooms are not worth the hefty price tags. . . Don't get me wrong, if you want to drop the dough, this place will make you feel like you are in luxury, but if you want value, you need to try one of the other resorts.  Not to mention this is a M life property meaning resort fees and impossible comps.  I much prefer Total Rewards where I almost always can get a free suite without much playtime and local discounts abound.. . Still this is one of the better MGM properties, second only to Cosmo.
Casino:   Nice, wide and has every popular slot machine and card table.  Wanna take a break from gambing, there's a froyo & starbucks to cool it down or warm it up as well as plenty of dining places within a walks way.. . Entertainment: House of Blues host concerts to some big name artists and the Starlight Tattoo shop always an interesting place to peek through the window. Live band plays nightly at casino bar and Shark Reef always a fun place to visit.. . Beach:  Great place to go swimming at lazy or wave pool especially if you have kids.  Moorea beach club offers European bathing experience for those true "party animals" that prefer minimal tan lines.. . Shopping: The bridge that connects to Luxor contain small boutiques with a few big chains like Urban Outfitters & Nike.  There's also famous Hussong's Cantina if you're feeling for some live mariachi and even an Art & Music Gallery for some home decor spending. . . Coolest Concept:  Minus5 ICE Lounge where the temperature is constantly kept at five degrees below Celsius.  A lounge made almost entirely from ice down to the glasses where they are frozen solid to keep your cocktail cold.  WOW!
Went here for a convention. Did not spend much time in the casino.  . . The place is huge and has great ammenities if you go here with kids. Great pools, and "beach" opportunities. . . The hotel has 5000 rooms so service is for the masses. No special attention. Stayed in a double queen room. The room is large and the bathroom is Ok; not particularly modern. No coffee maker in the room. Internet is free (yeah). . . The restaurants on site are pretty good but the prices are upscale. $22 for breakfast per person.  . . This is a resort so there is a $20+ resort fee per day, in the end the bill adds up. If you like Vegas type vacations it is a great place.
A decent place if you're taking your kids to Vegas.  Pools are fun.  I thought they were clean enough.  Buffet was just OK.  Problem is that they encourage families to stay, but then there no kid friendly eating places, except for the Buffet, which was so so at best.  Best choice was Raffles Cafe, but still $80 for breakfast for 4.  Kids say waves in wave pool should be bigger.  My biggest complaint was the AC in the room.  It never got cool.  I called for service but nothing changed. It was really too hot in the room to sleep comfortably.  It was only 102, so it wasn't abnormally hot.  I would say 2 stars, but kids are voting for 3.5, so I, going with 3.
This review is based on their 2 bedroom suites. It's a decent size about 1400 sq ft and layout is like most 2 bd suites you expect. But staying in a 2 bd room suite you expect certain things that you'll sure be disappointed here. First, they should seriously remodel and upgrade the rooms, it looks like a room from the 90's. Secondly, you be very disappointed as the doors separating the bedrooms and the living/dining area are glass door not solid wood doors. You never feel like you have complete privacy eventhough the glass doors are frosted. These rooms are average at best for a 2bd suite. Note: please get the rooms facing the strip if you must stay in these rooms and request higher floors.
Really nice hotel.  Nice rooms, great casino floor, fancy pool, but quite a hike from the main part of the Strip.  And really, after spending 6 hours wandering the Vegas Strip I really don't want to have to walk 20 minutes back to my room at 2am.
I stayed at THE Hotel @ Mandalay Bay.    I was very impressed.  All rooms are suits and we had an excellent one with a view of the strip.  The sitting room has a desk with complimentary wifi, a nice comfy couch (big enough to lay on and get comfortable) while watching TV.  Separate bedroom with a TV.  All rooms have DVD players which is great instead of having to pay for in room movies Dvd players are in the main room, not the bedroom. 1 1/2 bath.   The room I felt was very reasonably priced.  $100 (minus the AAA discount) so $90 plus $10 tax plus $25 resort fee (and then get this) $3 tax on the resort fee. Which really isn't their  fault I guess it just seemed a little overboard.  So a $90 room is actually $128.00.  If you are going to the pool it is a whole different story.  Wow.  What a rip.  A domestic beer is either 7 or 8 bucks each and pina coladas they sell in a large souvenir cup for $20 but then you get refills for $12 each.  So maybe if a couple of people share a cocktail after a couple of days with the cup it might be worth it.  They have a little convenience store by the pool that sells just about everything but beware, there are no prices marked on anything and believe me the prices are as bad as the beer.  Now on to the "wave pool"  the Mandalay bay website says they are up to 6 feet.  So my boys ages 11 and 13 were super excited to go.  Well they are more like 1 or 2 foot which makes this the perfect kiddie pool. So crowded they just kept running into kids.  I asked about the 6 ft waves and they said they no longer do that (they need to change their website)  Kids over the age of 14 need their own key to get into the pool.    I also need to mention the price for the reserved chairs.  The day we went (I understand it varies) but on a Wednesday they were $50 each for a front row seat (front row to the wave pool) for the second row they were $25 and the umbrella was an additional $50.  We were lucky enough to find a chair but I can see how at times that would be difficult. And no shade to be found anywhere.    The chairs on the sand are comfortable but the chairs on the concrete are extremely uncomfortable.  So that may be something to think about if you have older family members.  I stayed at the Golden Nugget the first 2 nights of our Vegas trip.  So being there, there are ways to save money.  The buffets, $10 prime rib dinners, the $1.50 hot dogs for the kids at the Fremont.  $2.50 beers at the ABC store.  (bring your own opener)  free entertainment on Fremont street at night. But then to go to the Mandalay and not have any options but the over priced restaurants in their hotel (Lupo is terrific though) They know they kind of have you over a barrel because it is so far from everything.  There is one option.  There is a McDonald's just inside the Luxor that you can get to by crossing through the little mall they have  that links the 2 casinos.   You are not allowed to use the fridge in the room  so maybe bring a cooler and just use their ice.  Bring your own inter tubes they will fill them for you (instead of the $25 for theirs, ridiculous right?)   Try Golden Nugget.  Pool is adult and kid friendly.  Hope that helps someone.
The good:. . That mattress was surprisingly nice. i believe it even had a featherbed topper, which I adore. Pillows were nice as well! The standard room is not huge, but it works. The bathroom is nice, but doesn't compare to Aria or Venetian or any of the hotels on the higher end. This place is huge and has to rely a lot on itself since it's the tail end of the Strip, and I think it does a good job. i love their restaurants here and once upon a time saw Mamma Mia and the Lion King here, so it's got a special place in my heart.. . The bad:. . You can hear everything in the hallways. They have the cheapest doors possible because I heard many a conversation seemingly right outside the door while I was trying to sleep. And the worst part, and why I decided to knock it down from four stars to three was...hmm, how do I put this delicately? When my car came up from valet, it smelled like....scrotum. I'm just gonna leave it at that--I don't think I need to paint any more of that picture. . . Love the restaurants and the pools, a "meh" for the rooms and a definite "bleh" for this particular valet experience.
The Mandalay is nice, spacious rooms, comfy beds, clean and above average.. . If you are looking for something hip for your taste, you may not find it here at Mandalay. Not modern anymore but Mandalay to me is like Tommy Hilfiger your once on top of fashion then other hotels get fancier like the Wynn. But hey staying here is a cut above the rest in comfort.. . This place has pretty good attributes: an Event Center, a House of Blues, some Lounge Bars, a Shark Reef, decent restaurants. Has all your needs in entertainment and eats.. . Solid 3.5 stars for well rounded experience.
Where do I start? Upon check in we were told we were receiving a free upgrade. They upgraded us from an upper floor Spa Suite which was advertised to have . . *Extended living area w/seating for 4. *Floor-to-ceiling windows. *Available beach and mountain views. *His and hers lighted closets. *Pillow-top mattress. *42" hi-def plasma TV. *iPod-compatible alarm clock radio. *Desk area with wireless and hi-speed Internet. *Mini-bar and in-room safe. *Cordless phone with dual phone lines. . to a third floor handicap accessible room with a view of the parking garage, small windows and no tub.  The room had a weird smell and was completely unacceptable.. . Check in is at 3:00, we arrived at 4:00. We told the room type we reserved was unavailable.  One hour after check in began, they were sold out of our type of room.. . We were also told our reservation guaranteed us a room, not any specific type of room.. . After voicing our displeasure with the "upgrade", we were offered Thursday night free and the possibility of moving to another room for Friday and Saturday, or we could change rooms immediately.  We choose to move because of the "possibility" qualification placed on the offer.. . The second room was very nice and the staff was courteous and friendly, especially the bell hop which helped us move.  Nice view, real windows as advertised.. . We were disappointed that the pool closed at 6:00 on Friday and 5:00 on Saturday, it was close to 90 degrees and beautiful, I don't know why anyone would want to stay outside by a beautiful pool in the sun rather than in a cold air conditioned hotel/casino.  Maybe that's just me not understanding the squeeze every penny possible out of your guest mentality of resorts in Las Vegas.. . Our shower and tub appeared to have something weird in the plumbing in that you would adjust the water to the desired temperature and in about 5-7 minutes the cold portion would go to hot and the water would become scalding. There was no cold available to mix with the hot, only hot and hot. After another 3-5 minutes it would go back to normal.  Also had to call and have the toilet in the half bath unplugged, it would not flush. . . Other than overpriced, dishonest staff at check in, plumbing issues, too short pool hours, it was a beautiful hotel/casino.. . Oh and by the way, the room rate quoted does not include the . 12% Room tax, Resort Fee, and12% Resort Fee Tax. . This added up to another $162.84 on our three day stay, so add roughly $55 to the quoted rate and you will be close to the actual cost.
When did they start charging you for every little thing at this place?  Seriously.  No coffee makers.  No refrigerator.  The rooms are nice and the environment is great but I really dislike everything about Vegas these days.  They used to bend over backwards to get you to come back and now they charge you $7 for a Budweiser.  I can drive 30 minutes to downtown L.A. and get the same restaurants and overpriced drinks.. . 5 Stars for the Burger Bar and quality of the rooms.  The rest of it blows...
I'd probably give Mandalay Bay 3 and a half stars.  I'm going to review the hotel and resort all as one here.  I stayed here for my bachelor party.. . Breaking things down:. . Rooms:. The rooms are pretty nice by Vegas strip standards.  (Note that Vegas strip standards are pretty darn high.). . Food:  The food's a-ok here.  The Noodle restaurant is pretty good.  (I had the Pad Thai).  The buffet is pretty much your standard Vegas buffet.  You can probably save on food by looking for a buffet pass at the cheap tickets booths on the strip.. . Casino:  It's nice, though the rules aren't very liberal.  Minimums are higher.  Put simply, I probably wouldn't gamble a bunch here.  But I'm cheap, and I also don't like to lose a lot of money.. . Rates:  "Out of the box", they seem to be on the high side of reasonable.  However, a friend of mind got me a discounted rate once.  I'm not sure how he did that.  I feel like you can get comparable rates at other strip hotel / casinos that offer the same quality of room at about the same cost.. . Location on the Strip:  Put on your walking shoes...  it's located on the very end of the strip.  The monorail that goes between Mandalay Bay and the Excalibur helps a bit, but if you want to get to the main monorail, your closest stop is the MGM grand.  That's a looooong walk.  Actually, I measured--one way, it's at LEAST a .65 mile walk, making it an even 1.3 miles round trip if you decide to wait for the monorail to Excalibur.  If you decide you don't want towait for the monorail, double the distance (if you walk inside--that's exactly .65 more one way, 1.3 miles round trip) or shave off .02 miles one way if you walk outside.  (Inside's nicer.). . It's also kind of crazy that you have to walk through what seems to be the most non-direct way through the MGM casino to get to the stop...  gee I wonder why.  However, the mall that's attached to Mandalay bay (that connects it with the Luxor) is actually pretty nice.. . Overall:  It's a very nice hotel, though my main gripe is the location.  It's awful far south to get the full strip "experience" easily.  I'd say there's less of a plethora of those jerks sitting there bugging you with "GET A GIRL TO YOUR ROOM" cards in the area, which is nice, but if it means that I don't have to take a taxi to get to the monorail or walk for over a mile (round trip), then it's not the best location.
My husband and I stayed here 10/17/12 to 10/19/12. I prepaid so I didn't have to worry about my credit card being charged. We were given a $75.00 food a drink credit. We chose to eat at the buffet and have the restaurants call the front desk to verify the credit when ordering food so we didn't have to put a credit card on file. The food was undercooked to me. The fried shrimp were crispy on the outside but gummy inside and the barbecue chicken pizza had great flavor but the crust was limp and not crisp The hotel was nice on the outside but I was disappointed with the room. The furniture was old and scratched up and the chairs and small chase had stains on them. The bathroom was the nicest part of the room. We didn't use the spa bath. The shower had good water pressure. Both sinks were making bubbling noises both nights but we dealt with it. There is a resort fee of $25.00 ($28.00 with tax) a day which was ridiculous. More than likely I won't stay here again. I'll just keep easing on down the road until I find some place that I really like.
Clean , quiet rooms but way to many people, no personal connection, felt hearded everywhere, enjoyed being with family but would stay somewhere else next time.
This 5 Star Review of a 3 Star Resort relates to the 1500 X3 Suite at Mandalay Bay.. . I recommend the room.  It's a complete drag at 6 AM when you're about as far South on the Strip as you can get and then you have to make the long walk of shame to the very end of the hallway depending on what floor you're on (these suites are the last door down the corridor/dead center), but the room is expansive and really nice if you and two of your former college slobs want to set up camp inside one area.  Security was even nice enough to escort one of the slobs back to the room twice in a 24 hour span as he completely went down the wrong wing and beat the hell out of the door of some poor, unsuspecting hotel guest(s).. . No penalty or slap on the wrist for his stupidity (I was very concerned as I spoke with them as I opened the door to this 1400 square foot palace), just the look in the eyes of all four security guards pleading for me to hog-tie him.. . Anywho, two bedrooms.  One has two queen beds.  Both have expansive bathrooms with jet tubs if you're into soaking in suds.  One fridge stocked (which stunk because Andy McDrunky took a 16 ounce bottle of Pierre Lucroix Chablis and drank it...$27).  One fridge unstocked.  A CD stereo in the main quarters (bring an auxiliary cable to connect your ipod and you'll be fine.  I listened to the main theme from 'My Bodyguard' by Dave Grusin a dozen times).. . I give this 3 out of 5 stars because I found two things inconceivable in this day and age.. . 1)  When you drop X amount of dollars on a room (in this case, X denotes a grand over two nights), you should be able to check in at 2 PM.  . . I arrived at McCarran at 8:30 AM and even though the city monitors knew that I was going to be sinking their little jewel even further into recession, I waited to check in at a reasonable time.  When the trainee at the registration desk told me the room was ready but unavailable for two hours, I had steam spouting out of my ears.  I nearly went Lee Van Cleef on all of the beige coats, there.. . I didn't make a scene.  I was calm, cool, collected despite being absolutely lit to the gills...but it's honestly unacceptable to drop that amount of USD on a room and not have it available in the afternoon.. . 2)  Not necessarily directed at the Mandalay Bay, but MGM resorts, in general.  It's flat out RIDICULOUS that their MLife Rewards Program doesn't give you an ounce of credit when you step up to the Sportsbook window, confidence seeping out of your pores and throw down a couple grand in wagers.  Say whah??  Whah happened?. . You sit your conservative tooshy down at a $5 Blackjack table and give the dealer $50 for chips and they'll take your goofy little Rewards card.  You play like a man at the window, bettin' the Kent State Golden Flashes gettin' 14 @ Rutgers and they won't take it...even if you bet a measly $50, let alone a couple grand.  What the hell is that??. . I should get the prettiest little Asian Pacific shorty the resort employs to come upstairs and drink some Jorge LaCroix Chablisand listen to a little dave Grusin with me for that kind of coin, but they just won't do it.. . Don't think I can stay at an MGM Resort again due to these ridiculous policies.
It's a casino. It's pretty huge inside. It's still smoky in some of the hallways of the hotel rooms. I guess it's just vegas, and there isn't much that's special about this. Kind of wish the elevators were laid out abit differently inside, since the elevator lobby gets really crowded really quickly.
The hotel is very nice though there are a few things mentioning. First I booked the hotel via their site and paid in advance. When I checked in we also had to pay for additional "resort fees". As said in earlier reviews, the beach was closed so after a few complaints, the fees were cancelled from our account. Having that said. The only pool open now is the very small beach club which is crowded with screaming children and all the chairs taken. For the rest the rooms were just fine and we staff was very friendly.
- Location: it's too far from the rest of the strip; spent a lot on cab fare. - Lobby/check-in: line moved slowly, not enough people working (in the morning or evening; hard to ask anyone a question); also, was not offered water like the other patrons. +/- Room: good size, nice views, comfortable bed but only doubles, not queens. +/- Bathroom: double sinks is nice but small showers, not enough towels, and the toilet is not separate so only one, maybe two people can be there at once. + Casino: pretty, nice dealers, and if you look around there are $10 tables sometimes. + Restaurants: great choices if you don't want to head into the strip central. + Pool: awesome place to layout and catch some zzzs (yay endless river!)
If I were rating on customer service this place would have a 1.  The men and women working at the concierge desk were by far the rudest I have ever encountered in my travels.  The woman who checked us in barely spoke English and kept getting frustrated with us because we couldn't understand her.  They refused to help us find a show to see and had no dinner suggestions for us.  They charged my card twice and could not have cared less.  The issue was corrected, but it put a damper on our trip for sure. . . I'm going with a 3, because aside from the customer service our room was really nice. The location worked out perfect for us.  We could easily walk to Excalibur, New York New York, MGM, and others.  The only transportation we used was a cab to and from the airport.  It also connected to a mall, which was convenient.
Fairly expensive joint
It was not the hotel that I expected.. You can hear noise from next door. It was so loud when next door open and. close the door.. There is no amenities other than shampoo and conditioner.
I don't think this is the best hotel on the strip. Rooms are ok. I think I would still stay at the Venetian and Wynn in the future.  Service wasn't great.   Room doesn't feel as clean and linens are showing much wear.
The Mandalay Bay is just too suspiciously close to the Excalibur to be of any value to me.  . . OK, just kidding.  This is worth walking to if on the strip, but not centrally located enough for me to enjoy.  I would rather be about midpoint on the strip so I can head North and South to whatever sights I want to see during my vacations here.
First time staying at Mandalay Bay for our Vegas trip. Needless to say, it was okay, but I have definitely experienced better and worse. . . The parking lot is extremely far from the elevators to the hotel rooms. You have to walk pretty far, and if you're lugging all your suitcases ... well you are going to have to lug it for a long time. Our hotel room was pretty nice with a great view of all the pools and the Lazy River that was not open because it was winter. Two queen sized beds, a table with chairs in the corner, a small couch that looks like it should fold out in an L shaped, but was just a small block, a TV in the room as well as in the bathroom, and a big bath and shower. . . Gripes/complaints about the hotel room: the mini fridge is completely stocked with alcohol and soda and there is a sign that says if you even take out one alcohol bottle, you will immediately be charged. Good thing I saw that as I was planning to take out all the small bottles to take pictures of how cute they were! My mom was pretty upset at the fact that we couldn't even use our mini fridge. . . The toilet is in its own little room with a big heavy door that immediately swings close after you let go of it. There is no vent fan and the door automatically closes, so how could we air out the odors? We found a cup from the gym, crushed it, and used it as a door stop. The toilet also flushes incredibly loud, so when I went to the bathroom at 3 AM, I woke up my parents when I flushed the toilet, haha.. . The bed is too soft. I never thought I would encounter a bed too soft, but I could not get a good nights sleep the two nights I was there. I usually can fall asleep on any bed, but I could not get myself comfortable in this one. The pillows were way too soft as well. A big fluffy pillow that sunk all the way down to the bed once I laid my head on it? Not good. And I found random hairs stuck to the pillow case! My mom thought the sheets were too rough, but I thought they were decent. . . Fitness room: Very big and decent sized with lots of cardio machines. They even have somebody there while the center is open (5 AM-8 PM I believe) to fold towels and make sure everybody who enters is a guest of the hotel. Each machine has its own television and these machines are state of the art! Ellipticals, treadmills, bikes, an arm spinning machine, etc. They have a very cold water filling machine as well with plastic cups. Don't forget to take your water bottles to get them refilled! They offer towels and headphones. HOWEVER, you are unable to use the weights as the weights come with the sauna where you must pay $25 a day. That sucks. . . Pool and jacuzzi: Came on a pretty cold day, so it was incredibly windy and cold. Got some towels and jumped into the pool. It is quite narrow so there isn't much room to swim. I was trying to swim laps in the pool, but once people are in there playing and talking, it is quite impossible unless you continue to go around them for each lap. The jacuzzi is very powerful and can fit a lot of people. It isn't that hot, which is good as I know it isn't good to stay in the jacuzzi for too long. However, it could be warmer, especially during the winter time. The pumps are really powerful. I thought it was disgusting that a lady was eating a hamburger while sitting in the jacuzzi. Bathrooms for the pool are clean. . . Resort fee: $25 for resort fee is too expensive. I believe they charge the same price or maybe a few dollars more for during the summer time, which is understandable as people tend to use the pool more then. But in the winter when the man made beach is closed, the wave pool is closed AND the lazy river is closed, it really isn't fair to charge the same amount. What if people don't want to use the pool or wi-fi? The wi-fi didn't even work very well. I had to constantly reconnect and usually, the wifi was so slow I just resorted back to using my own phone's data. . . The location of Mandalay Bay is fair, but it's a little far from all the other hotels on the strip. Good exercise though. Beautiful golden windows that you are immediately greeted with once you are off the freeway. Probably won't be back to this hotel. Need my sleep in Vegas!
This hotel on the start of the strip is close to the airport, which is nice and convenient, however to me it's not worth the amount of money they want for their rooms. It's just a standard room and you still have to pay extra to use the gym and other amenities that are included as part of other hotels on the strip. I enjoyed the Shark Reef exhibit although I was hoping it would be a little bigger. The tram that takes you between the Mandalay Bay, Luxor and Excalibur is also nice; saves the pain of walking with heels for the ladies, so I've been told. Overall it's a regular hotel, nothing special with limited amenities. If no other choice I would stay here but definitely would not be my first choice.
Older hotel.  Very nice staff at the front desk.  Ok, restaurant selection.  The self parking walk to the room is way-way too far!  It should be a lot closer. I don't know what was it, but when I stayed here my face started to break out.  My face hasn't broke out like this in years.  Maybe...dirty...or just the detergent they use....  ;)
I have stayed at Mandalay Bay several times in the past and have had great experiences, but it does seem like the level of quality and service have slipped since my last visit. It took nearly an hour to check in, and when we got to the room, It had not been cleaned since the last guest vacated. We called the front desk, who said house keeping would be up "right away" to clean the room. We left the room for 2 hours, returning to find that the maid had just started. And it would be another 30 minutes. I called the front desk to request a clean room, which the processed quickly and over the phone. The new room had been serviced, but attention to detail was lacking. There were quite a few long black hairs in the shower and restroom areas (my wife is blonde, and I shave my head, so I know they weren't ours!). The furniture is beginning to show lots of wear as well. We were expecting much more, based on prior trips.
Meh, meh. Meh.  I stayed at Mandalay Bay for a conference and wasn't particularly impressed just with the plethora of other places close by.  Don't get me wrong, it's definitely still a nice place and much nicer than many other places, but I'm more of a budget traveler and looking for a good bang for my buck and my biggest gripes for Mandalay were the lack of more reasonably priced restaurants, no $5 tables anywhere even during off times during the day and how confusing the conference space was.  I asked for directions several times and kept getting pointed the wrong way.  I also made my way all the way to excalibur to get to play some $5 tables.. . To be fair, because I was there for work, didn't get to check out the pool which is supposed to be great, so maybe next time I'm in Vegas, I'll give it another whirl.  But given that I've also stayed at Planet Hollywood, Mirage and Venetian on prior stays, this wasn't my top pick.
I visited Mandalay Bay on a business trip with my husband in February.  The resort area was closed for the season, so I can't review that portion.  I'll just say meh.  It was okay.  I wasn't really impressed.  I was comfortable during the week I was in Vegas. There were a few pretty good restaurants.  I would very likely stay elsewhere in the future.
Stayed here several times over the years, due to it's location on the strip I only stay here when there is a conference in the hotel, since all of the other hotels in the immediate area suck. The rooms are decent, they have been refreshed not too long ago. There is a good selection of bars, the restaurants here are generally lacking in quality. . . Rooms get a 4. Venue gets a 2.5 or 3
I absolutely love the pool at Mandalay Bay; it is the main thing that keeps me coming back. The last time I stayed here I stayed in the extra bedroom suite with two king sized beds in two separate rooms. It was perfect for our party and we had no complaints. We stayed away from the restaurants and ordered room service each night which was pretty standard but still good. . . The staff was helpful and kind to us and we thoroughly enjoyed our time here although we tended to gravitate towards the other hotels on the strip for most of our stay.
Wow, they actually care about their guests.  Because of the yelp review, they contacted me and straightened out the whole buffet credit issue.  Cool!  I'm pretty happy with the experience now, haha.  After that, I really have nothing bad to say about them.  I'd keep them as an option the next time I'm going to Light (which, by the way, is an amazing club: both the nightclub and the day pool party).
I recently stayed here for 8 long days.  All work and no play.  . . First off, the rooms are decent.  It's clean and the bathrooms are large, just like most places in Vegas.. . However, my biggest complaint??  The toiletries SUCK!  The lotion is just so chalky and combined with the dry Vegas weather makes for lizard-like skin.  So please remember to bring your own lotion.  I wasn't too impressed with the shampoo and conditioner too.. . Also, the bathroom door was so squeaky, you would think that the maids would have it fixed.. . One night my room wasn't cleaned.  They did offer me a $50 food credit so I guess that made up for it.  I found out someone else's room wasn't cleaned either.. . The pool looked awesome so it's too bad I didn't get to enjoy it.  Hopefully I can go back soon just for some fun.
My friends and I stayed a few nights here in a 2 bed suite. Like everything else in Vegas, this place is huge and it's easy to get lost. The hotel has great pools (a wave pool, a pool pool, a lazy river pool, etc) which is pretty family friendly. I also thought the Shark Reef Aquarium in the hotel (for an extra charge, of course) was also one of the best parts of the hotel.. . The suite was really nice. Two large bedrooms, one with two queens and one room with a king. The queen room had a terrific tiled huge shower stall, which had a regular shower head plus a rain shower head above. The master suite has a jetted tub.. . So why only three stars? Extra charge for wireless internet. I know you're not coming to Vegas to get online, but Holiday Inn has free internet. Also, if you look behind the furniture, the place isn't very clean. They need to vacuum the furniture (I found someone else's hair on the couch cushions) and wash the drapes once in awhile. Maybe move the furniture and clean behind it every month?
Nice room, friendly and efficient staff.. Mandalay Bay Beach is great, however it gets super crowded, so go early.. . Downsides would be the ridiculous price points in the complex's restaurants - I know it's Vegas, but come ON - and the complete scam at the bellhop desk of checking your luggage through to your flight for you. We had the privilege of paying extra $$ for that honor, only to have our luggage miss the flight despite a five hour lead time. Skip that part for SURE.. . As a side note, the constant marketing of the MGM monopoly (seems like half the strip is now owned by MGM, including Mandalay Bay) is pretty dreary. Even some of the casino games are branded with the M Life crap.
The last two times I've gone to Vegas, we've stayed at Mandalay Bay.  The first time we were in the main tower, and the last time we were at THEhotel.  Both have their good and bad points...but first, let's talk about the property over all.. . The pool is obviously the best part of staying here.  Wave pool, lazy river, good music...it can be over-run with kids sometimes, but since one of these visits included my own child, I did appreciate the family-friendly vibe.  Even on my adults-only visit, I definitely didn't feel like the kids were hindering our ability to have Vegas-style fun.  The pool area also included a "toptional" pool for those who are into that sort of thing...though I have yet to check it out, I'm sure it would be one way to avoid a pool full of kids ;). . The Shark Reef aquarium is great, and was a big hit with the aforementioned kiddo.  Even mom enjoyed it.. . The buffet here is meh...nothing to write home about...and the casino is equally meh.  . . The rooms are nice in both properties.  We stayed in a standard room in the main tower, and were upgraded to a suite in THEhotel.  The suite was beautiful, but it was more space than we needed, and even further from everything we wanted to do.  No fun having to hike across the casino in our bathing suits to get to the pool every day. Also, the bedding was sort of unpleasantly rough and not what I'd expect in such a luxurious-looking room.  I definitely preferred the main tower room, and will decline the upgrade next time.. . This place gets three stars primarily because it is sooo far from everything else.  It's a nice property, but the location alone is enough to makeme choose another hotel next time we come to Vegas.
Well I chose to come here - for a fun, adult only trip with my husband. However, Mandalay bay is VERY kid friendly. THe pools were full of kiddos and you couldn't bring your drink in the wave pool ( you may spill it - HI, what else do you think is floating in this water?! ). The room was older, but still nice. Aside from the kiddos in the pool, another reason I would not stay here is the insulation of the rooms is horrible. You can hear the people in the room next to your room. Also the elevators are slow and crowded! The casino floor is nice, the restaurant choices are nice and it's easy to catch the tram or head over to Excaliber or Luxor.
Pros:  nice, clean, smells good, big rooms, fair prices on rooms. Cons:  the beach area is so crowded, the beach chairs are placed so close together that you can look over and see your neighbor, service (food/drinks) is poor by the pool, many kids (only a con if you are trying to relax and get away from your kids), located far from the prime areas of the strip, hotel check in process took 45 minutes because there were only two employees working, food choices and restaurants were satisfactory.  3 stars
For a fancy hotel they got a couple minor but extremely inconvient things to fix. The valet took over 45 minutes to bring our car around which is ridiculous.. where did they park my car on the other side of town..? And second.. the elevator took 5 minutes to come down which created a huge line in the lobby. I asked if it was possible to get a fork but they said there was going to be a charge.. seriously..? The pool was relaxing and fun I would come back for the pool. But I would most likely self Park next time instead of wasting my tine waiting for the valet. I probably wouldnt stay again unless I get a comp but well see.
The room is nice, we have a strip view and with the thunderstorm, it makes for a nice show. . . I'm one of those who is here from the northwest to get some warmth and let my kiddo have a weekend at the poolthis summer before she is back to school. Pools are her kryptonite. She loves wave pools,but ouch - we get here and find out she is 2" short to even go in it!  The waves are strong but come SO far apart I don't see the issue if a parent is present and we stay shallow. . . OUCH!  Getting to the pool was an issue, we parked our stuff on what may have been the last chair and my Kiddo took off to run to the pool. She got about 8 feet and screamed bloody murder - and my kid doesn't scream.  I ran to Her and scooped her up in my arms and realized why, the sand is like fire. Literally!!!  Our feet were in such pain we had to sit awhile with a towel on the sand to let our feet rest until it feel better enough to walk. It caused my feet to crack badly which now means I'm basically limping around for our vacation weekend.  There should be signs or some information right when you walk in about NOT walking in the sand barefoot in the summer unless it's night time.   . . We had a hard time finding chairs not in the sand... Lots of unused cabanas but they aren't in this single moms budget, but if you have a large group -get one!  Im trying to give my daughter a wonderful weekend but her complaining her feet hurt when she walks (and she's not a complainer) wasn't on the agenda  Was planning on doing the shark reef but since my newly burned blistered cracked feet make it hard to walk i think we need to change plans. I may try to find us a deal on a show- spunds like lots of good reviews here for lion king  Will update on that. . . Will try the pool again tomorrow since its why we are here. Hoping for a better experience.
Let me start with saying this opinion is based on a visit to the property and casino, not a hotel stay.. For me its good that it sits so far from the center strip chaos... but for others it may be too quiet. It does connect to Luxor and Excaliber which I found really multiplied the food and shopping options...I liked all the choices!. One thing I hated was all the plastic greenery through MB...many other hotels use real plants...yuck.. Another negative...the pool area looks like a crowded nightmare with children racing all over the place...yuck.. Shark reef....really needs updating.... We did alright in the casino...one some, lost some...its above average in its size and selection.. So it sounds like MB is renivating its rooms...that sounds good... and if the renovate the common areas and amenities as well this property will be the knock out it used to be!
Hotel is very nice, room was average, ans staff was friendly.  The hotel attracts a lot of kids because of water park.  Parents dont't do a very good job of watching their kids at the pool. Also the pool closes at 7pm. That was the biggest turn off for me, but I know others do the same. Seven is too early. Close to strip and next to airport.  I would say give it a shot especially if you have kids.  Don't order room service. Food was horrible for the price. Had chicken which was dry and onion soup which was ice cold.  Also took 10 minutes to order and over an hour for it to be delivered.
We stayed at the Mandalay because my boyfriend is friends with a few guys who were performing for a concert on Saturday night (also my birthday) which is the reason we chose to stay there.  We arrived around noon on Friday July 19th.  Valet parked our vehicle & were able to flag down a bell hop for our luggage.  Check in was a breeze as we only waited in line for maybe 15-20 minutes tops.  While waiting we were greeted with the yummiest little mango flavored cocktails that had a red pepper in the bottom which gave the drink a nice little kick.  Once we got to our room I called Vallet & had our luggage brought up within 5 minutes.  The bell hop was very nice & personable. .   Unfortunately, our concert was rained out the following night by thunderstorms but I actually enjoyed watching the storm from our room on the 26th floor which had an awesome view of the pool areas & stage.  . .  Our room decor was a bit bland and on the contemporary side.  The sofa had a large black stain, possibly shoe shine?  I wasn't too impressed for the price & the AC decided to quit working after only a day so I had to blast the fan for the remainder of our 3 day stay.  Fortunately, we don't spend much time in our room.   Room service was okay to say the least.  My boyfriends breakfast was perfect.  I ordered a simple plain croissant with a side of scrambled eggs & an avocado with olive oil as I have dietary restrictions.  When my food arrived I saw that it was a croissant slathered in cheese, eggs & bacon (gross) and no olive oil for my avocado.  Needless to say I wasn't able to eat much.  I'm not sure what the problem was as I carefully explained to the woman that took our order exactly what I wanted.  We ordered room service again Saturday night & it never even showed up!  Big disappointment there.  . .  The shopping is decent if you have $$$ to spend, the pool closes at odd times but is quite nice otherwise.  I would skip Lupo unless you like stale croutons in your Caesar Salad & a server who could care less.  I recommend Aureole, hands down the BEST restaurant there.  Service & food was 100%.  Alfredo (our server) was great!  No complaints what so ever.  . .  I would also skip the nightclub scene unless you like that sort of clusterfuckery & check out the House of Blues instead.  They had a great metal show with local bands who were all surprisingly talented.  Whiskey Southern Band was a favorite with us.  . .  Make sure to hit up the little Irish Pub upstairs in the shopping area for lunch, great friendly service, great food & appetizers.  .   Checked out Sunday around noon, bell hops & valet were super nice.  Only real negative I have is that upon leaving my bf noticed he had been bitten on the arm by a bed bug (definitive line pattern of 6 bites).  That completely freaked us out & our luggage is still sitting outside.  I had to heat treat all of our belongings when we got home which wasn't fun after traveling for 2 days.
We stayed here over the weekend to celebrate our son's birthday.  We shelled out for a two bedroom suite that was pretty nice in amenities.  . . The PROS:  The casino is nice and actually smells wonderful, not smoky like so many others are.  I actually won a bit at the slots which was a welcome surprise.  We ate at their Bayside Buffet one night which was fantastic! Everything we ate was delicious and the meal (30.00) included wine, beer and champagne in unlimited amounts.  They had two live bands in small open areas within the casino that had dancing, we had a great time there!  . . THE CONS:   We were charged more than 110.00 per night in taxes which really was an irritant ! There are 2 pools that we would have had to pay $50.00 each (for gentlemen) just to enter....let alone buy  a cocktail!  In my opinion these pool fees should not apply at all or at least be substantially discounted for people staying at the resort; especially for what we paid for a suite.   They had so many rules at the wave pool we didn't even want to step in it......
Okay, so we stayed here for our Vegas trip with family and I must admit, their two bedroom suites ARE AWESOME. . . Pros about the suite: So we had a mini fridge (without that obnoxious mini bar where you move something... and get charged for it. I hate that). We were able to blast music throughout the suite (and no one complained even though I could hear it down the hall) and each bathroom had a TV screen, Jacuzzi tub and shower. I also liked that the toilet was separate from the bathroom, so while getting ready people could use the facilities without having to kick me out mid-curling my hair (has been a problem in the past with 12 girls getting ready at once in one bathroom). Our room had ceiling to floor windows and an awesome view of the Mandalay Bay sign and Luxor. . . The good..about the hotel: The concierge desk was very helpful, and ordered balloons to celebrate my brothers birthday. They were prompt and very professional. They also had extra towels and when I asked for extra soap, shampoo and conditioner they sent up a BAG full. thank you! I was slightly concerned with how far off of the strip it is, since I've been to Vegas a few times with girlfriends and we loved to roam to all the different clubs. I've stayed at the Venetian and MGM grand which are more primly located on the strip. Except I never really had the desire to leave the hotel, there were consistently multiple bands playing with an active dance scene. Music ranged from 80's to now, but it was always a good time. We saw people of all ages dancing, from 20s-70's and even some entertaining druggies who thought they were talented salsa dancers, except they weren't. I was dying from laughter waiting for him to drop her, at some points she didn't even have her eyes open for most of it. Heroin is a hell of a drug people. It was great cause after I had danced through my buzz I would just run upstairs for some shots and a beer and I would be set again for my next adventure! . . The Bad: the extra fees tapped on.... a little ridiculous. just in taxes, fail Mandalay Bay, Fail. This would probably be under my "ugly" category if I had to pay for it, but I have amazing and loving parents who took care of the cost for me. WINNING! You still suck for it though, Mandalay. Next, Its a little far off the strip, and by a little.. I mean FAR, WTH!? I know this isn't the hotels fault, but seriously? I got off the greyhound bus and instead of paying a 90 dollar cab ride, I chose to take the Deuce.. awesome transportation, except it took 1 HOUR AND 15 MINUTES TO GET TO THE HOTEL. . . . THE UGLY: This pool situation is ridiculous. I came traveling with a few boys, and after spending an extensive amount of money on a room, THEY STILL HAVE TO PAY 50 DOLLARS EACH? ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Someone needs to do something about this, especially since that pool isn't even nearly as cool as Wet Republic. So instead we decide to relax by the wave pool.. NOT. I sit down for 2 seconds near the start of the wave pool just to get my legs wet and I have a lifeguard blowing a whistle in my ear demanding me to stand up. WTH MANDALAY? WHY MUST YOU HIRE LIFEGUARDS THAT THRIVE ON YELLING AT 20 SOMETHING YEAR OLDS THAT WANT TO SIT DOWN FOR 2 SECONDS? Rude, Second we go to get into the lazy river and have children stepping on us, pushing us into walls. We even had 7 year olds knocking our 20 dollar drinks into the water, awesome. . Look Mandalay, if I wanted to go to Chuck E Cheese, I could easily do that. Except that's not what I signed up for. Cant you make a kiddy pool or something? Going to your pools was like free birth control, I never want to have kids. . . . Thanks Mandalay, next time I'll stay somewhere else. Since your day activities suck.
My family booked a room at the Mandalay Bay Resort through Expedia for $108/night. We were thrilled to get this price because it's an upscale hotel and off the strip.. . The positives: Our room was large, clean and had twoqueen beds.Yea...no bed bugs, thank God. Shutter doors close off the bathroom and the toilet is separated from the bathroom. Inside the bathroom, there's a small flat screen tv on an articulating arm readily available for those who enjoy taking bubble baths in the jacuzzi tub. We could not hear the other hotel guests adjacent to us or above/below (nice thick hotel walls!) We enjoyed the wave pool to cool ourselves off as it was 107 degrees.. . The negatives: Ugh...the wait we had to endure at the hotel registration desk. Be prepared to wait 45 min to 1 hour + just to get your room keys! Beware of the hidden fees they don't tell you about: $25/daily resort fee, and tube purchase ($22 large, $18 small) for the lazy river.  Three margarita cocktails at the Mandalay Bar/Grill costs $45 (well spirits are not cheap at all in Vegas, really). The Mandalay beach where the wave pool is located is filled with beach lounge chairs and NO umbrellas - you have to pay to use their umbrellas (or lest you suffer under the hot sun).  There was a private party on the first night we arrived and you could hear the DJ's voice resonating (I was on the 20th floor!!!!!!!!). . Overall, this hotel was nice and I'd stay there again if I got that cheap rate. I'm just bothered by all their fees!! A tip for you: If there is a private party in the Beach and you are denied access to the Beach/wave pool, request a refund of that $25 daily resort fee. They will honor it.
This hotel is so far away from the main attractions. The wait for an elevator is horrible. However, the hotel overall is pretty nice. I just dont know if I would go back because of the walking distance to the middle of the strip.
We stayed here for 2 nights. Parents, myself, my sister and grandmother.. . Absolutely no gambling or drinking on our part. . . The rooms were in good shape, the pool was amazing. Having sand by the pool is cool but it still remains a terrible idea: it takes 20 seconds to burn your feet and make them sore for a day.... Lazy river was also fun.. . They charged us a whole $50 for using the mini bar to store the fruit we brought on the road and there was no indication that we'd be charges ?! What in the world is this??!
Stayed here over the weekend and had a pretty good time outside the room. Casino is not to big and the wave pool is entertaining. We love people watching. Saw a guy with a tramp stamp! WTF! Went to an awesome show at HOB. "Steal Panther". Must see!. Our room was ok. The kid said we a pool view and we'll be on the 3rd floor. We had a view of the roof of the building in front of the pool. Next time we'll get much higher.. They said they would change it the next day and never did. But we don't go to Vegas to stay in the room.
-Note* Review is for casino/shops/ pool area only. . . I don't love it nor do I hate it.. . Shops: They have a new renovated shops it looks great and clean.  I would probably only enter the Urban Outfitters store. . Pool: I love the beach pool they have going on. They have the waves and sands in their pool.  I always have a great time here and it is never too packed here which I like. . Casino: It's pretty self-explanatory. All casinos in las vegas is very similar.I do love they have these chandeliers in the ceilings, it is a very nice touch.  . . Overall: The casino is clean and pretty much okay.  I don't mind coming here or passing through the casino.  They offer a lot of great restaurant and they have the house of blues. Families can have a great time here and can even check out the Shark Reef in this hotel.
My boyfriend and I came to Las Vegas for the first time and chose to stay at Mandalay Bay. It is a nice hotel.....however, we weren't over impressed by any stretch. It is a bit further down the strip than we had hoped for. Also, be sure to specify when booking that you want a king bed if you are going as a couple. We booked online and booked a standard king room. We arrived late on a Saturday night an were told that all of the king rooms had been taken and we were going to have a room with 2 queen beds. Not the worst thing, I just like to get what I have paid for and am expecting. We probably wouldn't stay here just because we felt it was an average hotel and there are so many hotels in Vegas to choose from.
I've stayed at Mandalay at least 10 times.  The first 8 or so experiences were great and I became a regular when in Vegas.  Unfortunately, the last two visits haven't been all that great.  This last visit we were supposed to have aroom with two beds but they had nothing available with two beds.They apologized and asked us to wait until a room could be cleaned.  The front desk guy said he'd call us as soon as our room was ready and so we went for dinner and expected a call.  We went to all the trouble to check our baggage and then went for dinner.  No call for the next four hours so we went back to the froint desk and of course the guy was off duty and no one knew anything about our predicament.  To top it all of they were having trouble getting us a room at all.  We waited for what seems like ever only to be told that they would give us two rooms instead of the one room with two beds.  I made sure the guy said we'd only be charged for one room and we went to get our bags.  Trouble is that they charged my ceredit card for two rooms the second and third nights of our stay.  They did eventually adjust the bill but it was such a ridiculous hassle.  Don't know if something has changed in the last year or so but I've had a few other similar problems in the last year.
I took the opportunity to vent my dissatisfaction on a survey Mandalay Bay sent a few days after our stay. A couple of days later I received an email from Mandalay stating that the hotel had credited my credit card for the amount of the upgrade. I appreciate the good-faith effort by Mandalay make it right. There is still no way to erase the memory of that scruffy room.
This place has no good restaraunts. I stayed here last weekend and the food is subpar and way over priced. I like gambling at the casino but I found myself taking cabs to eat out. Kinda annoying.
We stayed at the Mandalay bay over the weekend to get away and everything was great.  The rooms are not spectacular, it does look a little dated, but there's nothing wrong with it.  The bed was very comfy(slept like a baby), there was plenty of space compare to the newer hotels, the bathrooms were clean, flat screen tv, little table and sitting area. . . The casino area was easy access from the rooms, very important to a gambler like me, there were a variety of games, lots of blackjack tables actually, and Asian pai gow poker room which I loved.  . . The restaurants were great, the buffet was so so, but overall the experience was good.  It's more like a 3 1/2 star, but since there was nothing especially memorable about the experience, I'm leaving it at 3 stars.
I'm waffling between 3 and 4 stars. I came here on a business trip, so I did not pay for the room. So, I'm going to give the Mandalay Bay 3 stars because it is pretty pricey and at the end of the strip. If I was here for pleasure, for this price I would probably stay more in the center of the strip.. . However, my stay here was very nice. The rooms are spacious - i had a 2 queen room which had a nice flat screen, bedside lighting, enough space for a desk and a side chair. There were two closets. One has the rod hung tall enough to hang a wedding dress or a formal. That was interesting, but made sense in Vegas. Not so convenient for a short gal, but I used the other one.. . The bathroom is marble with the separate "pooper" room (as my husband calls it), a glassed in shower which is separate from the jacuzzi tub (rectangular, not round). It's a relatively spacious for a hotel bathroom. The obligatory phone is by the toilet. That always makes me laugh.. . There is no in-room coffee pot, but I don't think there is at any hotel on the strip. This is a huge hotel with many rooms and several conventions going on but the wait for the elevator is minimal to none.. . The complex itself is very nice. It was unusually cold when we were there so I did not use the beach area, but it rocks. Our conference had a party there our last night and it would definitely be worth the price of the hotel room to have access to this in the summer.. . There are several restaurants in the complex. It is HUGE! In fact, it seemed like we were walking miles back and forth to the convention center. The restaurants were kind of pricey, but I only ate at a few as many of our meals were provided. The drinks were pricey too. $10 for a house wine or mixed drink in the casino. Once again, I am told that's Vegas.. . There are several clubs in the complex. One is on top of THE Hotel and it has a great view of the strip. Another one is called "Light" and it is evidently THE place to be on Wednesday night. You will see lots of crazy outfits, Cirque de Soleil folks, etc.. . I'm not a gambler (I know, you just stopped reading) so I can't say much about the casino part. People seemed to be having fun, but what is the point in video roulette or craps? Seems to take away all the excitement.. . I only went outside the casino once during 4 days. That was to jog. You even have shopping in between the Luxor and the Mandalay. Vegas is crazy.
You read the Yelp reviews and wonder sometimes if someone just has an axe to grind or if the the writer is trying to be fair.  I rate the hotel a 3.5.  First off the hotel is very clean, This is always a top priority.  Most reviews had that and I agree.  It was funny but I read a few reviews that said the walls were thin and I laughed.  Not laughing after I got home last night.  I could hear one side, someone coughing all night had to call security because a bozo on the other side was blasting music at 3 in the morning.  The walls are pretty thin for a newer hotel   To there credit security got up there pretty quick.  The room were very nice and the bathroom was spacious.  The sports book  is one of the nicest we saw.  However they try to nickel and dime you on drinks watching football.  On Saturday the server nicely told us that each table had a two drink minimum.   It was 9:30 in the morning???   My two friends and  I had about three thousand riding and you are going to charge us for drinks??    My other complaint.  $13.00 for a mixed drink with a measured shot??   Really.  . . Also high table stakes.  15 Minimum on all games on Friday and Saturday for the most part.  Not so bad for blackjack but I like table games like craps and by the time you buy odds, even at minimum bets you have a lot of cash up on the table.  I walked over to Luxor and played there for 5 and 10.  I have to say the Luxor casino was packed, I would not say Mandalay was empty, but you could find  tables pretty easy at peak times.  The card room at Mandalay was very nice and the dealers and wait staff were very helpful.  I had breakfast at the house of Blues.  Nice staff but SLOOOOOW.  Also food came out cold first day.  i let it go.  Food came out cold second day, i sent it back.  Quality was good but who wants cold eggs.  And toast was extra??   Come on, really.  would not go back there for breakfast again,  Thy book and the cleanliness were a big plus.  The prices were a draw back.  Also would have been nice to have a fridge you could use instead of a fridge packed with overpriced items.  If they did not try to get every last penny out of your pocket, I would have given them a higher rank.
Pretty much always the same. Nice rooms.  Clean place.  Hands always in your pockets.  Careful.  You will lose all your money BEFORE you even get to the casino.
Not bad. Prepare to walk, the place is huge. Attended a meeting at their attached convention center. My room was a .64 ml. walk to the South convention center. Good exercise. Good water pressure, plenty of hot water, clean, friendly & helpful staff. Great views, small store, Starbucks, generic coffee stop & a variety of restaurants to choose from. On the tram line and not a far walk from the MGM area.
Well, the customer service sucked as I was tricked to paying for two nights when I only wanted to stay for one night. No one was willing to help me fix the problem, and I had no reply from the management. All I wanted was my money back for the night I was YET to stay!!. . That bad service aside, I do like the hotel itself. I like the bathroom and the table in the room. The bed is ok. I didn't like the sheets. One of the typical Las Vegas hotels which can provide luxury at a very reasonable price. Rather, at a low price.
I have stayed here twice.  I like the concept of being a "resortist."  You get a room key which acts like an all access pass to the waterpark/beach and for charging expenses to your room.  . . The public areas are great, indoors and out.  It's clean and large.  They have a lazy river, wave pool and other sunning areas.  I like most of the restaurants in this hotel.  They have a separate ticketing procedure for concerts at the "beach.". . The valet line is long and the cab line is long, perhaps because of its location at the south end of the strip.. . The bad part is that unlike other hotels, they do not slip your bill under your door before checkout (although I think you can request this).  Instead they email your invoice to you within 7-10 days of your stay.  Both times I stayed, the invoice did not have line item expenses listed, only a lump charge for all costs.  I made multiple charges using my guest key and wanted an itemized receipt.  You have to contact their accounting department via e-mail for billing inquiries.  They promise a response in 10 days (which is too long).  Both times they did not respond within 10 days.  Management had to get involved.  . . Although I do enjoy my time here, this is a billing hassle.  What is designed to be easy, is in fact, not easy at all.  I gave them the benefit of the doubt after my first experience and did choose to stay a second time, only to have the billing fiasco repeated.. . I had similar billing experiences as did the other yelp reviewers: Tim M of AZ, and Snow C of TX.
I stayed at Mandalay Bay for two nights. I encountered unnecessary problems with internet and other charges. I was charged from using the Crystal Card Promotion which shouldn't have happened. The internet only worked for me the first night. After logging out it didn't work the next few days. They even sent an IT guy to help and he said that people with apple computers mostly have problems with their internet.
My first time here. I probably won't come back as the "bang for the buck" doesn't make sense for me. When I got here they ran out of my room and I got upgraded which was kind of nice. The staff is over the top amazing (except for the security guy who called my room and mumbled something and hung up on me) but my room ac wasn't working, my curtains were broken and one of the TVs was not working at first. This place is newer than them MGM but lacks a lot of the technologicalamenities of the MGM. The MonteCarlo a little bit north provides an equally nice room for a little bit less money. . . As for the casino, I don't gamble much but it's one of the nicer ones in town. They do a good job of filtering the air. If you self park be prepared to hike a ways to get to the lobby. Oh yeah, and the buffet here includes booze if you're so inclined.
One of the 'so called' elite casino on the strip!  It's nicely decorated.  The casino is large.  The staff is friendly.  But it's really not on the top of my list as far as casinos go.  Let's start with the good.  The pool is probably the best in Vegas.  Period.  The casino is high class. The rooms are great.  I like it here.  But with all the casinos in town, I usually don't think about coming here.  First of all, it seems to be far away or better yet, nothing seems to be close by.  Sure you got the Luxor and Excalibur, but both of those places just don't do it for me.  2nd, the shopping is better than most casinos but cannot match the Caesar's Forum or the Venetian Grand Canal Shoppes.  Third, other than gambling, there isn't something else to do. Fourth, the restaurant choices, while good, are not on the top of my must do list while in Vegas. Fifth, the shows here don't compare to the other great shows on the strip.  Sixth, the rewards program never seems to reward me.  Seventh, the hotel is expensive. I prefer staying mid-strip where all the action is and walking distance to a bunch of other activities.  Eighth, the odds seem worse here than other casinos.  I do like this place; I just there were more to do to keep me here or at least be cheaper to stay.
