Valet department need attention, bad attitude, you just drive a s class for someone, it's not yous!
Like the other high-end Strip hotels in Vegas, the Wynn is beautiful.  We upgraded to a 60th floor room overlooking the strip with floor to ceiling windows (with really cool push-button controls).  It was still less than $200/night.  The casino is relatively small compared to the other nicer hotels.  It's hard to find blackjack less than $15/hand.  Also, their dining program has recently taken a huge hit with the closure of Alex.  The Wynn is also very far north and it's about 1.5 miles to get to the middle of the strip.. . We stayed there because I had a convention there (and they gave us a great rate).  However, if we have our choice next time, we'll stay somewhere slightly nicer and more centrally located.
My husband and I stayed at the Wynn for the first time and enjoyed it.  The staff especially at the Taxi area and the entrance to the hotel were amazing - very helpful and friendly.  . Our room was very pretty, clean and fairly quiet (my favourite part) considering it was Vegas.  . On the downside when we walked through the casino we smelled smoke and that was very disappointing. When we stayed at the Mandalay Bay 2 e bed was not very comfortable and I woke up with a sore back both days.. . Overall it was a very nice stay except for the smoky smell.  I don't know if I would return.
Well it is upperclass and the drink prices are pretty severe here. But it is worth checking out. However it resembles the Bellagio and is not that unique when you compare the other High end hotels like Aria and Cosmo.
It always takes me a couple of weeks to process a hotel stay. Here I go:. . The Wynn hotel is way too nice of a hotel for me and my family. However, we lucked out because my husband was on a business trip for the ConExpo and his boss booked the rooms. Thank god we got reimbursed. . . However, even if we could afford to stay here normally, I'm not sure this is the place I'd choose. It was perfectly luxurious in every way, from the rooms to the lobby to the huge waterfall outside. But it was just sort of unnecessary. Not that I really wanted to stay at Circus Circus or anything. But there are nice hotels I've stayed in (the Mirage being one, or MGM) where it's nice without being overstated or gaudy. . . I realize Vegas is, by definition, over-the-top, but it wasn't needed here. We have a very young daughter and I probably would have been more comfortable at a place without an excess of nightclubs, lounges, and people giving me "that look" every time we walked around the casino to get outside. Not to mention the secondhand smoke. Someone else had mentioned they couldn't even tell, but I could, and it was really bad.. . Now that I've got my pettiness out of the way, let me discuss the pros:. . -FOOD. Amazing. There's a pizza place that tries to replicate NY pizza (and partially succeeds, in my opinion), a deli that wowed me, and a great little cafe to get snacks, breakfast, coffee, and so on. We didn't eat at any of the nicer places here, but I would have liked to had we not had a little one in tow.. . -BUFFET: Didn't try it. For $35 per person, I'd rather get pizza and beer.. . -SHOPPING. Not only are there designer shops in the lobby's esplanade, but there's also a huge mall right across the street with just about anything you could want. We spent three days just walking around and I only bought one thing (with the exception of food). But there's just so much to see that it's great to window shop, especially when you don't just want to walk up and down the strip and you don't have a car.. . -ROOMS: This gets a plus and a minus. The room was ridonkulous. Great view of the strip, great bedding, controls for lights and window shades/sheers from your bedside, a couch, a desk, a table and chairs, a big flat-screen mounted to the wall, THOSE ROBES (you know the ones), and a bathroom superior to all others anywhere I've stayed. Warm lighting, jacuzzi tub, shower with glass doors, a great line of products (body wash, lotion, shampoo, etc.), tv/remote in the bathroom, lighted vanity mirror, and more towels than you could ever know what to do with.. . On the bad side? On one night, there was this whirring sound that turned into a full-on shrill whistle that kept waking us up. After searching all over the place we finally concluded that it was coming from the door, which wasn't fully "sealed" when shut. If I pressed it closed more, the sound stopped, but when I let go, it would make that shrill noise every five minutes or so. I went in the hallway to see if any other doors were open slightly -- I thought maybe it was creating some sort of "wind tunnel" effect. Nope. I called downstairs and the guy's suggestion? "Put a towel under the door." Gee, thanks. I mean, it worked, but that's neither good customer service nor is it classy in the least. Nor should I have to do that for the noise to stop! I didn't insist someone come up, because it was late and we were all sleeping. But it was EXTREMELY annoying.. . Also, you have to pay for wifi in the rooms. FML. $14 a day PER computer? No way. At least it's free in the cafe and in the pizza place.. . -POOLS: there were five of them, all in the same outdoor area. No indoor pool is a minus in my book, because it was only in the 60s. Oh well.. . -CASINO: I don't gamble, but it looked ok. Nothing special. On my last night there, I took a dollar from my wallet and gave it a go. I won seven bucks, then lost it all. Big surprise.. . -STAFF: Other than the less than helpful guy at the front desk the night I called, the staff were courteous, professional, and helpful.. . Would I stay there again? Probably not. Would I recommend it? Probably, depending on your personality and what you desired from your stay. It really is an "adult" hotel. But don't let the fancy decor fool you ... there were plenty of people walking around in scrubby clothes here too.
I think the location of Wynn is great and the clubs inside/nearby (XS/Tryst) make it an ideal place to stay. However, I thought the standard room that I stayed in was very mediocre. There wasn't anything special about it, and it wasn't as spacious as other hotels. For shelling out that much money, and all the hype about the Wynn, I expected better.
Wynn oh how I want to love you so... with splendid walls, hip decor, mosaic tiles, and high fashion galore. . . It's Vegas where everything is a fantasy of overpriced glittery distractions. Weekend gettaway with hubby and we were doing it up big time!!!! . . I will rate everything individually then give an overall rating at the bottom.. . The Room- 1.75 stars. . Our king sized bedroom was not ready when we arrived to a packed lobby at the Wynn on a Saturday afternoon back in March. This is not a good thing in my book, but what can you do. They moved us to a room with two double beds. BIG MISTAKE!!. . The room and bathroom were both well appointed and the view worthy of a million dollars. However, the beds sucked. They were uncomfortable and not big enough. I guess they really don't want you staying in your room at casinos.. . When we first walked in the connecting doors to our rooms were open. We attempted and were not able to securely shut them. This definitely felt kinda weird and creepy at the same time.  I was forced to call the front desk to have maintenance come up to shut it for us. He said that the renovations had caused this issue all over the place. hmmmm Better get those contractors back out here then.. . By far the worst thing about our room were the paper thin walls. We could hear entire conversations and loud partying all night long. What made matters go from bad to even worse was the room vibrating from the base and the continuous throbbing from the disco down below. I don't think we slept a wink either night.  . . Listen we are all for revelers - revelling --it is Vegas Baby!! BUT not in my bed at 3:30-4 in the morning. I want to be able to sleep and when your paying big bucks  that means the hotel should have some sound proofing going on!!! . . The FAB Pool - 4.5 stars private loungers, gorgeous decor, great DJs, yummy drinks, & incredible vip service. Best thing about this Resort by FAR!!! Best pool I have been to in Vegas bar none! Sorry Mandalay but the lack of sketchy crowds here trumps ya!. . The food & drinks inside the hotel 2.0 stars - Overpriced and not that great! We found far better food and drinks elsewhere around town. . Hey listen, everyone knows while in Vegas, you are going to get bent over, but you should at least be able to enjoy the ride. . . Slot machines 3.0 -- I won quite a bit of money, but  my winnings were balanced out by my honey losing his shirt, pants, and everything else at black jack. Darn!!! So much for buying a Chanel purse while I was there.. . Overall experience 2.8 stars I will round up to 3.0 for the sake of this review. Will we be back? Perhaps but I think we will try out the Encore next door.
$150/2 nights room offer to my dad from Wynn Las Vegas.. . PROs:. 1. Very attractive hotel.. 2. Full of flowers and expensive furnitures.. 3. Big room.. 4. To die for bathroom.. . CONs:. 1. Expensive!. 2. No Monorail Station. 3. Staff and most guess were snobby. 4. Buffet wasn't that great.. 5. Tight and expensive slot machines.. 6. A friend of mine said that they are really strict in damaging their carpet. They didn't allow stroller to be on the carpet... wtf! . . Will come back only and only if they offer me a nice price for the room.
This review is for the casino , stores , and food at Wynn only . The casino is alright ... it had some people but it wasn't packed . I don't know what it was but there just seemed to be something missing in the atmosphere making me not really want to gamble . There's not much stores here but the stores here are okay . The food here isn't that great . However , the decor of Wynn is not bad . So overall , 3 stars for now . I will reevaluate when I actually stay at the hotel .
Shower would not drain.  One of the sinks would not drain.  Bathroom light out.  Safe not working.  A/C acting up.  Called down and these things were all fixed through out the day.  It would have been nice if I didnt have to call the front desk so many times every time I encountered something wrong.  I spent a lot of time calling, being put on hold and explaining what was wrong with my suite.. . What I love about this resort: Great Beds! sooooo comfortable.  Friendly employees.  Great food! and we won $360 total on the penny slots!!! comp drinks while your gambling.  The pool is fantastic!!
As I am writing this. . .I am not sure how many stars I am going to give the Wynn in Las Vegas.  It was my first visit to this hotel, typically preferring the Aria as of late and in many ways, I was impressed.  However enough went wrong that I am leaving quite disappointed.. . I went to Las Vegas for business, basically 36 hours.  The rate at the Wynn was very reasonable and it was convenient to several of our appointments.  We arrived in the late morning and they didn't have any rooms ready.  You can't ding a hotel for that. . .that is just being petty.  But when you let them know that you will be flexible to get a room early, you agree to take two doubles instead of a king bed, are promised a text in an hour, don't get one for five hours, and then wind up with the room type that you did not request. . .well, you can ding them for that.. . The hotel itself is quite nice. . .the hallways are very well done, rich colors and nice furnishings.  But having been to LV several times, I was surprised at how smoke filled the common areas were.  You had no choice but to walk thru the clouds to get to the elevators.  Ding number two.. . The room. . .very nice.  Well furnished, well thought out.  Not the largest rooms on the strip but size is overrated (insert joke here), it is really about what you do with the space.  But, the air conditioning did not work as well as it should have so the room never really got cool enough to be comfortable.  Ding number three.. . Then there is the minibar and the room service charges. . .$5 for a coke?  $8 for a piece of candy?  $25 for a pot of coffee???  Yeah, the Wynn is expensive. . .I get that.  But at what point is the juice simply not worth the squeeze?  Ding number four.. . Ok, so four dings but they can be overlooked because truly, the hotel is nice, convenient, the room rate itself was good and the facilities really nice.  But here is what really dinged the Wynn.  Getting back to my hotel room at 11:30pm (remember, I was on business), I heard the noise coming from the pool / club on the second level.  I should mention that I was in room 5160.  I managed to fall asleep being tired enough but I woke up at 2AM because the music just seemed to be getting louder.  Finally at 3AM I called the front desk and this was the answer:. . "Yeah, the nightclub on the pool level gets pretty loud on Sunday and Monday nights.  We have been tracking this over the last couple of months to see which rooms get the loudest.  Above the 50th floor (really I think it is the 40th floor given the weird numbering system) and right around your room is the worst.  I will mark it down and we can let the next guest know that this room can get pretty loud.  It should be done by 4AM."  . . Pause. . .. . "We could move your room.  I see you have a wake up call at 5:15am. . ..but you could still get a couple of hours sleep.". . Pause. . .. . "Or we could just refund you for the one night.". . Ok. . .I wasn't looking for the discount but really?  You have been doing a study?  And you didn't think to warn someone in Las Vegas on business that the room might be a tad bit loud until 4AM?   I do appreciate the gesture of giving me my money back, but damn!. . So. . .given that they did try to make it right, I will go with three stars.  It really wasn't special enough to warrant four stars, especially given the prices.  And I need to take a nap now after writing this review!. . YELP OBSERVATION:  How serious is Yelp about non-food reviews?  If Yelp wants to do more hotel reviews, they should allow reviewers to break hotels into categories like "business travel" or "party animal."
The last time I was here I came with a group of friends for a 21st birthday. The hotel itself is beautiful and extremely well kept. The suite was elegant and tasteful, far superior in decor to others I have stayed at such as the Bellagio and the Cosmopolitan. There is, however, no balcony. Our view faced the golf course which was pretty though a view of the strip would have been more exciting in my opinion. The master bathroom was enormous. Really, really nice and was able to accommodate four girls getting ready. That says a lot!. . The hotel is quite nice, the pool area is pretty cool as well. A few things bugged me though, one being that a restaurant by the pool would not let my friend dine in a Missoni bathing suit cover. It was sort of see-through but nonetheless was not inappropriate. It was kind of annoying that they would not just let it slide. However, to an extent, I understand because then a lot of people in far more distasteful swim-attire would complain as well.. . While XS, the famed nightclub, is right there. The hotel itself does not necessarily exude the most "party party" atmosphere. If you are looking for a hotel that is tasteful yet still has a party mentality, I highly recommend taking yourself to the Cosmopolitan instead. The pricing is similar give or take $20.. . The location of the Wynn is north on the strip. Which is not exactly the most central location.
The buffet at the Wynn had a large brunch buffet that was nicely plated but fairly average. The pastry section of buffet was beautiful, creative and something worth coming back for.
Solid 3.5 Stars.. . Labor Day 2011. . The family and I stayed at the Wynn this year for our LaborDay outing.  Was really looking forward to the Wynn since I've recently stayed at Aria and the Four Seasons Vegas...  With those stays fresh in my mind, I was looking forward to comparing them to the Wynn.. . Check-in was efficient and friendly.  The girl behind the counter managed to put our parties on the same floor.  A.. . I didn't gamble since we had the kids but the Casino looked plush and didn't smell of smoke.  A-.  You do not have to get lost through the Casino before reaching the room elevators like some other establishments.  A.. . We only ate at The Cafe and it was just average.  C+ Jean Fillip's in Aria is way better in comparison.. . The pool area was outstanding.  Large and plenty of seating.  The kids loved spending a day there.  Drink services were prompt and friendly.  A+. . The hotel is ultra high end but I did have a few grips.. . Valet:  20 minutes to get a car.  D-. Placing me on hold for 5 minutes when a drunk guy was singing in the hall way in the middle of the night so that by the time security was called the guy was gone.  F. I maybe nitpicking now but having rough old looking towels in the bathroom D-. Placing candy and treats at the minibar within children's reach and charging $25 "restocking fee" if the items are simply moved.  E for EVIL.
I went here for the lunch buffet.  Well worth the price, even in Vegas.
The hotel itself is very nice. but it is at the end of the strip. The service was really slow. had issues with room service twice.
December 22nd was my first hotel stay at the Wynn, for 3 free nights (awesome huh?). I definitely agree about the modern and sophisticated decor, especially the holiday display in the lobby, it's definitely a nice artistic touch. However, I've experienced several problems on this trip and it's unacceptable.. . The bellman was extremely courteous and funny, cleaning ladies were super nice, but I didn't get the same service from the front desk.  The front desk lobby was crowded at check-in, wasn't organized and had no apparent lines. There was a host directing "traffic" to the imaginary lines, which I didn't like at all. We were at the head of the "line" for 20 minutes until a couple walked in and was helped right there and then in front of us (the host directed them to our line). I was frustrated and was in utter confusion...WHAT THE F***?! . . Finally, after check-in, I got my suite and a view of the golf course, great. The room had my all-time favorite chair, a chair I can't seem to find anywhere for sale, 2 queen beds (which were oddly small), a double vanity bathroom with a separate toilet enclosure, a flat screen tv, and a little business desk area. Back to the bathroom, it had no locks, no locks on the main bathroom door and no locks on the toilet door, WHAT THE F***?! . . There were many nice Red Card employees before meeting the meanie. Anyway, back to business, the Red Card desk did not inform me of the program itself, all they did was ask for my ID and spin their wheel. There was no brochure about introductory gifts and the program itself, so that was no bueno. On one of the nights, I headed to the Red Card desk and asked if I could use my points for buffet passes, and that's where I met the meanie. She was extremely mean in her tone, face, and gestures. She said that I don't qualify for any free buffets and it was only for introductory members. Well duh, I was a new member and I had won free buffets from the wheel earlier in the trip.  Her name started with a D, and I dislike her. She could've been more polite and said something like, I'll check that for you, and here are the promotions. But she didn't say that, she just blew me off like I wasn't important. WHAT THE F***? . . Talking about the buffet, it was definitely tasty; I suggest going for breakfast and staying for lunch! Dinner wasn't worth it. The hostess at the buffet was so extremely nice, they saw that my grandma has problems walking and suggested that we sit closer, no problem! A+ buffet, they totally made my day especially after the meanie ruined it. We also tried their room service, they didn't have much variety and the prices were outrageous. I ordered a clam linguini, burger, side of au gratin potatoes and chicken wings. The potatoes were fantabulous, cooked in a super mini cast iron pot and everything else was just eh. The dinner breads were hard and stale, bleh. I actually saved the baguette and kept it as a safety weapon, because it was so hard and pointy lol. There aren't many good eats at the Wynn, I can only vouch for The Buffet. So that's that.. . As for the gaming, half of the slots were under maintenance, and there was a weird uncomfortable gaming spirit lurking in the air...I'd also like to add that drink runners were basically nonexistent. And if there was, we would see them walk to a certain point and then walk back, so lame. That's when I decided to just purchase a drink from The Drugstore, so much better. . . My overall experience at the Wynn was a fail, it was definitely not what I expected, especially as a VIP.  I can honestly say I'll be happy staying at the New York New York hotel...
I only come to this hotel for conferences.  Not to gamble or drink.  Its unpredictable.  I do like the fact that they always round up the dollar though.
One of the nicest properties in Las Vegas, and with a price tag in the 100's of millions it had better be. They have done a great job keeping it clean and fresh, most casinos start off very nice and within a year or so they look like quite run down. What a great casino to walk around in. This place boasts a great attention to detail. The rooms are beautifully appointed and the pool is a lot of fun.  Stop in and get out of the sun for a little while. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Spent two nights with my daughter. Check in was not top notch. The lady told me I was supposed to be there the night before, so I would be charged for that night. I told her she was mistaken, that my reservations were changed prior to my arrival. She gave me a bitchy look and told me she would have to call someone. She got the approval she needed, but made me sign for the night I wasn't there, then she had to deduct it. I expressed my concern to sign for something. I questioned, what if I ended up getting charged for what I just signed. She gave me that bitchy look again, and got her manager to come explain it to me, and showed me where that date was zeroed out. She could have shown that to me herself, but she chose to be a female dog.. We got to our room on the 26th floor. Great view of the strip and Treasure Island boats, but there was just a King bed. I made reservations for two queens. So I called the front desk, and explained that we wanted two beds. They easily changed us to a room on the 25th floor by changing our keys electronically, so we went down a level to our new room with two beds, but unfortunately, just a view of the golf course, still a nice view.. The room was nice. House keeping staff was very nice. The elevators were fast. The lobby area and common areas were beautiful. The over the top dollar shopping area was ridiculous. . The pools were boring looking. Obviously not designed for children at all, so we didn't even go there. There is a rager party / nightclub pool area.. High price for Vegas, but that was expected.
My husband received an e-mail for a deal that included two nights stay, buffet tickets & Le Reve show tickets. . . The Hotel: Beautifully decorated, there is something eye catching every place you look. Check-in was a breeze and the attendant was very informative and personable. The room was clean (carpet looked like it needed a good shampoo but I guess with the volume of business the rooms see they can't really control that.) The bathroom was clean, it had a large soaker tub which my husband used. We had a view of the strip which was nice because we saw the fireworks from the Treasure Island show. The air conditioning did not work all that well, we set it to 65 degrees (as cold as it would go) but I am pretty sure it didn't get below 75 in that room. *Maintenance even come up to check it because it was hot. They changed the filter and said they flushed the system so it "should" cool down but it didn't seem to work.*. . The Buffet: Skip it, had we paid full price for this experience I would have been really upset! The food was blah!. . The Show: Le Reve is one of my more favorite Cirque du Soleil shows. The stage is in the center of the theater so there is not a bad seat in the place. The story is easy to follow, the music is great and visually it is a lovely sight. I L-O-V-E the red shoe synchronized swimmer girls. *I would see this show again!* .  . All in all we had a relaxing weekend, the normal rates for the hotel, show and buffet are more than I would want to pay and unless you get a great package deal I would recommend looking elsewhere.
Tryst was nice on the inside. But ridiculously overcrowded that we couldn't move. The only place we stayed was by the stripper pole. And compared to all the females that danced around it, we worked it. Then come to find out, they never clean that damn pole, funny after everything happened, but gross for an upscale club. Hah. You couldn't walk anywhere without getting cut off. Girls bumpin' into you like it's nothing, and elbowing cause they can't dance. Surprised that we didn't fight anyone. I realize Vega's clubs are crowded, but this was worse than our night at Tao's on a Friday. And that was just about it. We were unsatisfied that we just left. Good thing we were all VIP.
Having previously stayed at the Encore, the Wynn is a slight downgrade. . . Our view of the strip was lovely.. . The bed, linens, pillows -- all were extremely comfortable.. . The bathroom shower smelled a little like mildew, and one of my towels had a strange, almost salty, smell that was awful. I tried asking one of the girls with the cart for another one. She didn't speak English, and she finally said she didn't have another towel and to call down for one. I decided I didn't need another towel.. . After our stay, I'm now reading that the $25 resort fee gives you access to the gym and wireless internet. If that's true, that sucks, because we didn't know that during our stay. We would have used the gym, and when I tried connecting to the wifi from the room, I was asked to pay $15 for it. If it's included in the room, why ask me to pay? I couldn't use my iPad because of it. Very disappointing.. . The lighting on the outside of the building causes a strong reflection of yourself on the glass, making photos and clear strip viewing at night difficult if not impossible.. . The LV marathon was taking place during our stay, unbeknownst to us. When we called the front desk asking for suggestions on where to park our car, etc., they were lost and had to put us on hold to ask for help multiple times. In the end, they had no answer. I would have liked a better solution than "I don't know.". . Although the hotel is overall lovely, it's also at the end of the strip, and it's difficult to reach other resorts and activities without a car or a cab.. . This is an expensive hotel, and I would expect the linens and shower to smell nice (and not bad in any respect), more informed staff, and access to the gym and wifi (and if there is access, notification that such is available).
My review is mainly for the Casino (As I was staying next door at the Palazzo).  I really wanted to like this place and went in with high expectations. The place itself was crowded with mainly foreigners taking pictures everywhere and walking super slow. I found one slot game that I liked, but could not play long because the guy next to me had his entire family sit on the other machines and they were not playing. Really wanted to get into the table games but just too many people out and about to get by. I will stop in again next time because I did have a good feeling.
Maybe I'm jaded by the hotels I've been to and stayed at and maybe my expectations are just too high now but this time to Vegas, I really didn't feel Wynn delivered what I expected of it.  However to start off with, the boom boom boom sounds from Tryst weren't happening this time despite us being on a lower floor which is good.  . . Let's start off with the hotel rooms and this is really where my review is based purely on because the stores, casino floor and everything else are very good.  We got two rooms but unfortunately they were on separate floors even though we asked for it to be on the same floor.  I do understand the hotel was fully booked but not sure how hard it would have been so we could have been on the same floor.  One of our rooms had a foul smell in there as if a pet did a little bit of business.  They came up to spray something but it didn't do much good.  The towels in the bathroom had its thread coming apart which is something I expect at home but not at the Wynn.  There was also a stain on the toilet that could not be cleaned.  I did email Wynn about these issues and they email back and apologized.  I hope it'll be better next time because it's a good hotel and it's one that I want to stay at over and over again.
I started this review with five stars.  Really, three words pretty much gives it a five...."no strollers allowed".  Posted at the front entrance.  LOVE that!. . The place is fantastic.  Similar to the Aria, it's very updated, very upscale, and provides ALL the amenities.  The rooms are just over 600 square feet, and again, like the Aria, all electronic.  What I REALLY liked, as did the wife, was the fact that the far wall was all glass.  Our room looked out over a fantastic golf course.  Nice big screen in the room, and the wife appreciated the rather cool bathtub.. . The buffet was well laid out, with something for everyone.  A small cafe further down actually has reasonably priced breakfasts, too (something you do NOT see in resort hotels in Vegas!).. . So why the drop in rating?  Simple - our room was over Tryst, the hip night club.  Which meant that our "quiet room" thumped with bass from 10pm to 4am both nights we were here.  And THAT was high on the suck factor.. . If it came around, I'd consider staying here again, but only...and I mean ONLY, if i were on the other end of the hotel.
We decided we needed the Vegas fix, and also wanted to mix up our usual places so we choose the Wynn Tower suites. It was ok, but not as good as the market it to be. Below are the details:. . The Bad:. . * The valet at the tower entrance does not seem as professional as the Wynn valet. Not there when you need them and no real valet type stand or place to ask for help.. . * Check in staff is a bit boring and mono-tone voice. . . * Tower suite all have connecting doors!!!! They never told me that, and after speaking with them there were not any rooms left so we had to take it. Expensive hotels should NOT have connecting door. It's soooo Howard Johnson.. . * Nice hearing our drunk neighbors at 3am, even after the bell hop said the doors were super sound proof and would not be an issue. . . * Room is not what I expected. I have stayed at the Encore and their base room is nicer than the tower suites. Looks like a generic hotel layout.. . * TV is not in front of the bed, on the side wall and you have to swing it out. Not an issue, but the wall mount bracket sags and the TV is then crooked. Ever try and watch a movie with your head crooked to make the screen look straight? Not fun.. . * The Tower suites are marketed as a "quite retreat from the strip", not quite when the 2am drunks come home.. . * Now, we do enjoy the topless pools in Vegas, but this one at Wynn is about the most beat, total waste of time pool we have ever been to. Even the Encore pool, which we thought was boring and creepy, was better than the Wynn. . .   First, there are like no staff help at all. Had to scavenge around ourselves for lounges.  .   .   Second, Steve Wynn needs to lighten up on his profits. What they charge for a day bed is crazy. Especially when most of them are in the shade by 130pm. The entire front row perimeter has reserved signs on it. Now there were only about 10% of the paid for chairs/day beds, lounges being used. These stayed empty all day. It would be much nicer if the crowd that did attend would get these at a reasonable price, verses them being empty all day and the Wynn looks foolish for being profit hungry. Would lead to a much better vibe and fun pool, which equates to happier quests.. .    Finally, the Euro sun bathing pool is a total waste of time. They need to work on this one. Make it mandatory topless, couples only (over 25), and charge 75 bucks a day pas and they would have  a gold mine. . . * Cabs - They market the Tower suites as being no crowds, quite and more like a apartment building than a hotel. Not the case with getting a cab here. We waited almost 18 minutes trying for a cab. Long line and no cabs coming in. This is Vegas, if they can figure out how to build a 90 story building and resort, they can figure out a way to get cabs there for people. . . The Good:. . * The flowers everywhere is amazing and smells great. Very impressed with the amount of time/money that must take.. . * Spa/gym is great and large.. . * Tablue is great for breakfast and never crowded.. . * Wife likes the gambling here, said it was great fun and time flew.. . * La Cave is a great mid priced American menu restaurant. Nice vibe and crowd.. . * They have an employee at almost every intersection or hall way entrance to help answer questions of give directions. Was great the always have someone within a few feet to help with directions. Most impressive thing at the Wynn.. . So, overall not the best stay, but was enjoyable. We may not return soon, and will go back the Mandarin instead. I liked the Encore better on my last stay.
Stayed at the Aria last time and think I was maybe spoiled?. . The room we were in at the Wynn didn't have as big of a wow factor right when we walked in. They also wanted to charge us for everything extra - internet, gym etc Inside decor was O.K. wall papers and things just didn't really give me an "im in Vegas" factor. The garden display in the lobby is nice, flowers are all real incase you were wondering.. . I wanted to just sit back and relax but had to think about being charged for everything.. . The pool was gorgeous though. I didnt get to go to EBC but that will definitely be on my list for next time. . . Honestly, it is a great hotel, just didnt have that "Vegas Factor" I wanted to get staying on the strip. Go to the Aria or another instead.
Got here on Friday night (technically Sat 12:30am) and there was a line so it took a while to get checked in. We got the 34th floor, and view of the strip was nice. I suppose the room is good too, but having stayed at the Palazzo last time, I got spoiled by the enormous suites. All the employees were very cordial and helpful. My big knock on the Wynn is the sound insulation. I stayed Friday and Saturday nights, and I could hear everything. From people talking in the hallway, to TV next door, the train, ambulance, water running from other guests, and worst of all, the music from the night club--2 in the morning. It was quite loud, both nights. A higher floor may have been better, but that's just a guess. I usually don't like noise at hotels, and this felt like I was right next door to the nightclub.
This hotel is gorgeous. I espeically love seeing their garden area. I also like their buffet and they have a couple decent clubs as well. The only thing I don't like is the location which I find a bit inconvenient. I'd go more often if it were more towards the middle of the strip.
I'm going to title this Yelp review, "Why?". . So Wynn, why are you so south of the strip?  I'm spoiled and enjoy staying at the Elara where I am prime walking distance from Earl of Sandwich, Fat Tuesdays, and the Cosmo.. . Why are your policies so strict--can't rearrange the snacks and mini bar, you'll charge me if things are out of place for more than 60 seconds?  Who are you?  And then why does it take you an hour and a half to send a mini bar staff to examine our mini bar when we inquired about the $200 charges we got hit with because we supposedly took items out of the mini bar for consumption...when we didn't?  Oh wait, you didn't even send somebody to sort it out and instead, why did it take like five phone calls to the front desk to get it sorted out before you decided to drop the charges that shouldn't have even been there in the first place?. . And why is it that for a luxury hotel, I can hear Surrender and XS's blaring music from my hotel room?  Do the people who stay here not have to sleep?  I understand it's Vegas and folks are up until the crack of dawn, but when I want some peace and quiet, I can't even have that?. . I'll give it to you for everything else because the hotel is gorgeous, the rooms are spacious, the pool is amazing, and it is nice to be able to walk downstairs and XS is footsteps away.. . But why the unresponsive service and the lack of noise control?  Why, I don't understand.
I'm giving this place 3 stars because like the ratings say it was "A-OK"  I'm not sure if I am at the "Yay! I'm a fan" stage. The room was smaller than some of the other hotels and I didn't like the telephone remote controlled lights that either all went on.. or all wentoff.. you were either blinded by the light or sitting in the dark unless you changed the settings on all the switches and walked over to the light switch by the door to turn off the lights above the drapes and hallway, kind of defeated the purpose of having remote controlled lights. The heater was also controlled by the telephone remote but no matter how warm I set it.. that darn room was cold!  Another instance where you had to walk over to the master switch and change the settings... (sigh) The bathrooms were nice and spacious and the room was clean but the bed sheets were messy.. maybe you aren't suppose to notice they weren't tucked in nice and neat but I'm weird like that especially in a $$$$ hotel.  The mini fridge was fully stocked, over priced and came with a warning.. don't touch for more than 60 seconds or charges will  automatically be charged to your room..but it is Vegas.  They did have a leather sofa but the kind I really hate.. you know you sit on it and if you move it sounds like you ... well you know.. it was noisy! The hotel itself was nice, I guess, if you like flowers this is the place for you. With all the flowers you would think this place would smell like flowers and it doesn't.. strange.  The halls did smell like flowers though which made me wonder if they pumped that smell in through the vents. The elevators were stuffy i guess they don't have air conditioning in them.  I was just glad it wasn't hot when we visited. Maybe if the doors where left open on the ground floor when they weren't being used that would help with the stuffiness.  The gym was nice but they could use more elliptical machines. I was surprised at all the fingerprints on the doors and framed advertising photos... again my weirdness is showing.  Maybe they don't care what people that park their own cars think of cleanliness.. I swear the whole time we stayed in Vegas those were the same prints. I'm not the gambler, my husband is, so I can't comment on the casino. Would I stay here again? I guess I would  now that I have the lights and heater figured out and if they offered me some type of deal.  But, it is at the very end of the strip so I might want to stay closer to the action if I'm going to pay $$$$.
It is a beautiful resort, with classy decor and relaxing music playing throughout, none of that cheesy pop music or rock they play at a lot of casinos at 7am when you just want to enjoy a glass of Merlot and feel like a high roller.
This last stay June 8-10 was less than wonderful when checking in. We were moved from one dirty room to another room to a final room which  still had a musty odor. took us over 2 hours to finally get checked in and settled in to our room with waiting in the hallway for over 30 minutes. They staff is very nice and helpful and i guess they did their best to help mitigate our problem. We saw Le Reve which is amazing and at their seafood restaurant, Lakeside, Superb! Then came the gambling: I played for over 10 hours and they only had me down for 4 1/2 hours. Very frustrating when you are trying to get rated and regularly play. They tried to make it right after speaking to a casino manager, but only gave me nominal credit to go away for play i have been fully comped in the past. I like the hotel, but will be gambling elsewhere in the future and probably staying somewhere else too.
This hotel is fine but my room was not noticeably different from $200 rooms I've had elsewhere.
Still a beautiful property and good service most of the time, but for such a storied resort, surprisingly service had gotten spotty when I was marooned here by Virgin America two weeks ago (and since). Looking at the Yelp trend, I wonder whether they undertook cost-cutting on compensation about 6 months ago.
- As fancy as a Casino gets, almost ever. - High quality rooms, rarely discounted, totally not worth the bloated price. - Spotless bathrooms. - Vegan Friendly?  (Not sure). - NOT Child Friendly..... . Why this last point, you might ask.  Sit down,lemme tell you a story:. . . Sometime in 2010, Steve Wynn became an enlightened vegan, making sure that every restaurant in his casinos would accommodate vegans with one or more superb dishes (garden salads and grilled veggies don't count), making the Wynn a guaranteed destination on our family's twice-a-year Vegas pilgrimage.  We especially craved their "Pizza Place" restaurant until, that is, our last visit:  Having shoved our stroller down the scorching strip  "Sir!  You can't come in with that!" snapped one of their suited security sentinels.. . Sea of heads shifting towards us.   . . I felt the sharp feeling of injustice in my gut, like when a hard fought civil right law whose 'truth's we find to be self-evident' is being breached right there in front of you.  Swallowing my pride, I responded to the stroller Nazi saying that "Bro... we're just going to go to the Pizza Place right smack-dab right next to the entrance [of the mini-mall]"  . . Looking at our dehydrated faces, he said "Well, only if  you JUST go to the restaurant", eyeing our every move. . . Looking back, I felt cheap in having to convince him.  My moral backbone should have jerked me and my family away from that establishment, filed a case in constitutional court, and won untrammeled rights for strolling parents to go as they please...but our taste buds had the fever for the flavor and had accumulated some indelible, insatiable pizza expectations.  In any case, we entered the mall and dive bombed into the restaurant, noticing a change in the decor, thinking nothing of it, walking to the counter, and ordering my GO DAMN pizza from the same cashier that always recognized us and made us feel comfortable.. . "OMG, SORRY, everything is changed" she said once she recognized us.  My whole family entered a state of shock when we realized that our beloved vegan vegas pizza variety had vanished.  I later found-out, through the grape vine via a local restaurateur, that Steve Wynn recently had a change of heart and wasn't Vegan anymore.  I also learned through TripAdvisor that, the real reason they don't want strollers is because they are eye sores for the elite, the policy coming straight from Mr. Wynn himself.  I read stories of other humiliating stroller denials, one where a wife was held captive outside without a phone, unable to meet her husband who was attending a medical conference in the casino, almost missing their flight before finally getting an exception.  Shame on them!  . . I guess shouldn't be too harsh.  I mean, I used to one of those uncompassionate assholes that once thought that the only restaurant parents should take their toddlers to is Chuck E Cheese, getting irritated on a flight if a child started crying, flashing a passive aggressive scowl in the parent's direction on the way off the plane.  But then I had kids and the roles reversed, and now, instead of irritation, I feel compassion for my fellow parents, and their lack of mobility.  They should be able to go anywhere the general public is allowed.  I get it why they can't be on the casino floor, but a mini mall? . . Three stars because this spotless structure does many things right on an aesthetic front, taking you into that warped Vegas-ian massive luxury overdose reality; the casino is posh, shiny, vibrantly colorful, floral and antiseptic in a world that includes so much asymmetry, smudges and shades of grey.   Attention is paid to every detail - if you drop some trash, watch how it takes about 4 minutes before it is picked up.  And I heard from another Yelper that there are still vegan options at the other Wynn restaurants, though I can't confirm this since I never made that far (and I don't think that chap was a vegan himself.)  But subtract two stars because I can't forget that, ultimately, the beauty of the burnished marble Corinthian columns all of a sudden becomes ugly when it coexists with such an ugly policy. You see, you don't gain class by banning parents with strollers - you lose it.
We loved almost everything about the Wynn.. . The rooms, the baths, the room technology, the service, the beds, the restaurants (pricey but good), the decor (amazing!!!!), the casino, the stores (! the stores! Penhaligon at Apothecary...I hadn't found it in the US and always have to order online). Beautiful place and we got put on the 60th floor with a stunning view.. . HowEVER. Our stay was seriously marred by a bunch of really young kids in the hot tub at the pool. We mentioned something to the lifeguard, who followed us to the hot tub, looked at the large group of 7-10 year olds in the hot tub, and walked away. About a minute after she "took care of the situation"?  One of the kids started doing snot shots in the hot tub. . . Yes, really, a 10 year old doing snot shots in the hot tub at the Wynn. It would have been funny if we hadn't been IN THE TUB at the time.
The hotel itself was wonderful. The rooms were beautiful and clean, and the food was great. . . However...we had a terrible experience with the hostess at Terrace Point Cafe, by the name of Vivian. When we first arrived, she told us we would be seated very shortly. It wasn't until another 15 groups after us that had been seated indoors (that came after us) that we asked her what was going on and when we would be seated. She responded in an extremely rude and impatient manner.  I was extremely appalled that a place of Wynn's caliber could hire such a terrible hostess.
It's pretty pricey to stay here not unless you find a good deal on Priceline or something. I love the decor and layout of our room. Our bed was facing the huge window that has a view of the Encore and the golf course. . . They have a pretty cool lighting system where if you want all the lights off, it'll also shut the drapes for you with one press of a button which is conveniently located on your bedside drawers. The room is very clean and spacious for two people and had a massive full length mirror. This is pretty crucial for girls getting ready. You'd be surprised that not all Vegas hotels have a full-length mirror in the room. There's also a sitting area by the window which is a pretty sweet spot if you order room service for breakfast as well a super comfortable tufted couch.The bathroom has a really big tub which can comfortably fit two people inside and is separate from the shower. It also has a his and her sink with a vanity in the middle which is nice because you have a designated area where you can put all your makeup and get ready comfortably.. . The room was not as soundproof as you would expect though. So if you're a light sleeper and your room is facing the Encore hotel which is where Encore Beach Club and XS are, you'll definitely hear the music from your room no matter how high you are (our room was in the 36th floor). . . As far as the restaurant choices in the hotel, they're not all that great and have very few selections. We found ourselves walking next door to The Palazzo/Venetian hotels frequently to eat. I definitely didn't have any luck from their machines either, and for some reason you can actually smell the cigarette smoke in the casino much more now where as I never did before. . . Although I love the room and I can't complain much since our room was comped, I don't think this will be my first choice for a place to stay in Vegas if I'm going to splurge in the room. The only good thing about this place is if you're planning to do most of your partying in XS or Encore Beach/Surrender, this is a good place to stay for convenience since the clubs are right downstairs. This hotel is not that central from where all the action since it's towards the end of the strip.
Firstly, a bit of a disclaimer. I have been to Vegas a number of times and I do not have a very high opinion of this place overall considering my experiences here - especially with the people that frequent this place. I generally consider Vegas to be an overpriced, artificial, cesspool. All of that said... You might ask why I found myself and my partner staying at this hotel. My partner and I were on a cross-country return trip home after the holidays and Vegas just happened to be on the way and he had never been there so we decided why not. I booked a room via priceline and it happened to be here (I did not get an extraordinary deal, perhaps only saving about 10 bucks based on their website rates). After braving the traffic and holding off the road rage (two combat veterans driving) for our 30 min travel time from freeway exit we made it to the self park and found a spot right away. We checked into the hotel and used the "20 dollar trick" for a room upgrade. The gentleman behind the counter was very helpful and most a bilging. We ended up with a room over at the Encore on the 29th floor overlooking part of the strip. The room was very nice but not the nicest I have stayed in. I would rate the overall room quality and attention to detail at about 4.5 stars. There was also some issues with the technology in the room but we were able to work around it. As mentioned in other reviews be warned that there are several night clubs on the properties and you will potentially here bass and noise coming from them till 4AM as I did. I was able to get to sleep however, it was certainly annoying. I am certain if I asked to be moved I would have been. Just inquire about this when you check in. Overall the staff was very friendly, helpful, and professional. I am not a big fan of all these extra fees associated with staying somewhere like this but I can certainly understand that this is a business associated with nickel and dimeing your customers. I would recommend this hotel if Vegas is your thing.
Went to Wynn Las Vegas.  The interior architecture and decorations have strong influences of both the Golden Nugget and Bellagio Hotel and Casino.  This is reasonable because Steve Wynn having affiliations to both.  So the style is dated and does not "wow" in any major way like the Cosmo, Aria or trendy hotels.  The service is expected and not better but equal to say, Caesar's or Belagio or Venetian or Paris or Aria...  Nothing spectacular here including the dining.  For those who have too much money or cannot tell the difference, the Wynn may be for you. Trust babies or self made millionaires posing as better can feel at home but those who are real go to Macau or Singapore to be lavished in luxuries.  As for Las Vegas, her time is ending or already ended as the entertainment capital of the world. When run-down Downtown is featuring old has been rock and roll stars and head-liners are no longer large names with great shows and circus acts are mundane, many tourists will not revisit again.. My advisement as an ex-agent to bring "whales" into Vegas during the late 80s and early nineties, the place to in Las Vegas depends upon your age bracket and income bracket.   Younger and trendier people  willing to spend at least 5 grand a night should stay at Aria or Cosmo.  The older past 40 with ability to spend 5 grand a night should go to the Belagio, Venetian or Caesar's or Paris. Those over 60 with money budge over $150K per visit should call an agent to get free accomodations to any hotel but be reminded that there will be a price of a continual hounding by hotel staff to make you gamble at the high limit locations and often times coerce you to not leave.  Have a personal assistant and limo at your command. My advisement is always pay for a room unless a person wants to play hardball with the hotel management.  Most whales like confrontation for reasons that can only be considered attitude.  Wynn is not different, Steve knows that the longer he ensnares a whale, the more the whale will leave a trail of money to his business.
