One of the best locations of all the hotels, across the street from the Bellagio, and in the heart of all the action.  This hotel tries very hard to be hip and it succeeds to an extent.  Each room has a piece of hollywood magic from a film (Indiana Jone' hat, Elvis' shoes, etc).  It's definitely catering to the younger single or young couple crowd.  . . I would say this is a solid 3.5 star hotel with potential to become a 4 star or a 3 star easily.  This was the "new" Aladdin with a complete make-over.  It was shown in parts of the film "21" has a nice club Prive and some nice restaurants.  The Buffet here is very good located downstairs but that's where it ends.  . . Gambling here is literally a joke as the upper level "high rollers" is always empty and you end up playing against the dealer/house all night.  It still has a very strange layout and is eerily quiet on the casino floor.  The mall is long and not well thought through as you must travel what feels like a mile (literally called miracle mile mall) to the other side.  There is way less traffic compared to Caesars Forum shops but the restaurants are fair.  Lots of flair and hoopla but very little noise inside.
I stayed at PH while in Vegas for a convention.  I booked over the Internet and chose PH mainly because it was slightly cheaper than some nearby hotels.  I am not a gambler so I won't comment on the casino.. The room is comfortable but not overly spacious.  When I first checked in, they put me in a "smoking" room that stunk to high heaven - after a day I got a non-smoking room.  The large flat screen TV was a nice touch.. The reservation staff was pleasant but not in much of a hurry - lines at the reservation desk is the norm.  The location of the hotel is good and it was very convenient to be right next to the Miracle Mile mall - which made for a much more reasonable breakfast and lunch as the hotel eateries are greatly overpriced.. Overall, nothing memorable with the hotel's proximity to the Miracle Mile mall its best feature.
Very pleasant staff upon arrival, there was a slight snag in check in as a family member had booked the reservation but the staff were very nice and helpful.  Everything got resolved and we got into our rooms in minutes.  The rooms were pretty nice, I got the Dallas room with JR. Ewing's boots in it-I loved it!. The bathroom had a big tub that I took a swim in that was just awesome!  The bed had big nice fluffy pillows and very comfy overall.  . The casino was nice and had lots of restaurants and the miracle mile of shopping, I was very happy!  We ate at Koi, the sandwich place and the cafe which were all pretty good but I honestly don't think I'd eat at these places again.. Wasn't a fan of the bar area, it was always packed which I don't mind but when they have half of it roped off with no one in the area, it just doesn't make sense (and it was 5 o'clock in the afternoon!).
Stayed at Planet Hollywood for a convention, and it was perfectly fine. Not exciting, not all that interesting, but clean. I did hear others complain that the staff is not friendly or polite, but didn't experience that myself. The Planet Dailies restaurant is actually really good for breakfast and easily accomodates a large group. I also very much liked the fact that it's attached to a mall with some decent shops, which also helps you hunt down that elusive bottle of water or soda with ice, which are in short supply in the casinos (or way expensive). I might stay there again - but only if I didn't plan to spend much time in the room.
Checked in yesterday. So far so good except for that clown at the front desk. I think his first name was Jose young male with a military cut. I don't mind when you can't check in early but when some jerk at the front desk makes it my problem it is beyond disappointing. And no tag line like "hi welcome to planet Hollywood". Instead we got a disgruntled young punk who needs an attitude adjustment.  If you are reading this PH I suggest you start hiring engaged employees especially with unemployment still high.  As prominent employers have always said, you need to hire stars to represent the company's image. If you don't want a cameo appearance on the strip I suggest making every attempt to deliver that "wow" experience.
NICE price. . NICE room. . NICE atmosphere. . HORRIBLE HORRIBLE again HORRIBLE SERVICE!. . Being a Vegas hotel, one would think there would be hot shower. Nooooooooooooo it was not hot at all. Called the front desk and got the stupidest answer ever; "you have to let the hot water at the sink run at the same time you turn on the shower." Wait.......what? how ghetto is that!? However, it worked and i finally got my hot shower lol!. . This is a 4-star hotel!!!!!!! Not to mention, it is so brand f**king new!. . Also, they might wanna hire more staff or get a better phone service cuz everytime i wanted something and tried to call room service, i was placed on hold for about 10 mins. DUMB HOTEL. . I would not stay here again, I don't care how cheap or nice the room is.
Interesting property. Big hotel, small casino, big mall...seems a little strange to me. This is another joint that loves having the young, drunk douche staying in their rooms and it shows as they hover around the Craps table screaming at a 7.. . The mall is actually pretty nice and full of decent stores, there are some good eateries (Earl of Fucking Sandwich!) and despite the majority of the clientele it's a decent place to hang out.
I stay here every January for the Consumer Electornics Show (CES). It offers the Million Mile shops. It is a great hotel in a great location on the center of the strip adjacent to Paris and accross from the newest City Center (Cosmopolitan Hotels) and Bellagio Hotel.
This review is for the CONCERT VENUE ONLY.. . I had the luxury of being able to attend the Night Ranger/Journey concert here last week. It was my first time attending the venue since the rebuilt hotel/casino made the transition from being the Aladdin to becoming the Planet Hollywood.. . I want to start by saying that this is a very fine venue. Not exactly what I would call upscale, but because of the way things are set up, even the "far back" seats aren't too bad. You should have no problem being able to actually see the show regardless of where your seats are.. . What pisses me off though is that I dealt with a rude staff member. When Night Ranger finished their set, I took my LP down towards the stage hoping I could get it signed. An extremely rude woman usher (she was heavy set, older, and had curly hair) would not let me though. The band was DONE PLAYING and LEAVING THE STAGE. I asked if I could get through really quick, just to get an autograph and then go back to my stage, and she just kept yelling the word "NO." What a cunt! . . If anyone in Planet Hollywood's administration is reading, please fire this bitch. This behavior would have been acceptable if the band was still playing or if Iwas going to STAY down there with no ticket, but she cost me an autograph opportunity - and as much as I don't like to be morbid, it is imperative that I get as many autographs while I still can, as you never know when classic rock/metal stars are going to fall over dead. This rude behavior is no way to treat the founder of the Vegas Valley Classic Rock Society, who is dedicated to keeping classic rock/metal alive.. . All right, enough of my rant. The venue itself is very nice aside from that bitch I dealt with. If you're going to see a concert here, you'll be pleased with the quality of the venue - just be forewarned that it is not "autograph friendly."
Tons of shops. . . That could be a good thing or a bad thing.
Nice casino could not really win anything.  Shopping is nice.
I usually stay at other resorts but since I got some compd rooms I figured I would stay here for the first time.  The casino is always fun and the pole dancers don't hurt either.  I received a normal room with a decent view of the strip.  I was surprised at how run down the hallways and rooms appeared.  OnceI got into the room it was a bit drab and old looking compared to other places on strip.  By the second day I was having problems with hot water which the staff did nothing about after I reported it to them.. . Pro-. Casinos fun. Pinks Hot Dogs. Cheap food but not gaming. Location. . Cons--. Harrahs needs to update their rooms.. Pool. Hard not so comfy bed. . If you do not care about were you sleep and want to party then it is a great place due to its location.  I would not stay here again even if I get my rooms compd again.  Too many beautiful resorts in this town.
The casino floor drives me crazy, im always lost here.
Likes. -Great value, awesome location on the strip for a good price. -ABC store inside the hotel selling non-overpriced beer/liquor was awesome for pregaming. . Dislikes. -Beds weren't as heavenly as I wanted...all of our backs hurt!. -The bathroom was my biggest gripe: a pathetic small/weak shower head and a glass shower door that wasn't very convenient for multiple people utilizing the bathroom simultaneously...unless you're all really good friends.
Was at the Aladdin 2 years prior, and stayed here in February of 2008, and I have to say, my room did not change except for 2 pictures hanging on the wall, one of Indiana Jones, another of Julia Roberts. Big Woop! But it was clean and comfortable bedding. Casino floor itself changed quite a bit and I loved it. Plan to visit the casino again but will not stay here. Not worth the price.
Just another casino on the strip.  Very long, and a lot of shops.  Only downside was I felt like I was walking around in a rip off of the forum shops.  They could have gone more original than a rip off of Cesar's.
Really 2.5 but I won big in the casino so I'll give the extra half.  This hotel is more family oriented with the attached mall being a big attraction.  The crowd is pretty tame, not a lot of younger folks and the scene on Fri/Sat was simply not in the spirit of Vegas. Restaurants were good, we enjoyed the diner twice and the food was great.  The pool is lame, you have to walk through the 6th floor hotel hallway to get there and once you do it's basically a glorified neighborhood pool scene, the view is great but it just feels like they're not even trying. Thematically the rooms are all focused on starts and movies but inside its casino its the Hodgepodge Hotel meandering from concept to concept (crystal disco balls, bright neon tv towers, goofy interludes, etc.).  We didn't have a bad time but if you're looking to stay at a destination hotel and enjoy what it has to offer I'd recommend someplace else.
So we stayed here for a buddy's bachelor party and I must say, the casino floors are a whole lot better than I expected. Lots of loose slots, good vibes at the craps tables and plenty of love at the blackjack tables. That love only exists if you've got a high bankroll. I didn't get that much love. . . The rooms were pretty adequate in size. They're kept very clean, and the bathroom was nicely sized with a full bath that I was able to soak in every morning. . . My one gripe: the beds SUCK. The pillows offer just about as much support for your neck as a floor. The bedsheets had a texture to it...I don't know how to explain it, it felt dirty and shoddily laundered. It grossed us out a bit, but we just made do. Screw it, we're only in the room to recuperate from the outside activities. . . Other than that, it was an alright place to stay at. I'd probably go back to good old Palazzo or Encore next time.
It was my very first time to visit Las Vegas and my friend decided to book our hotel here.  Although, I wasn't in love with the hotel, it's located smack dab in the middle of strip.. . Our room was dark and gloomy.  It had one teeny tiny window in the corner of our room.  When I got there, I saw a hair tie on the ground that didn't belong to me, so I was automatically turned off from the get-go.  On the other hand, the bathroom was nice and clean and it had a really big bathtub!  . . On our third day, I think housekeeping might of been fed up with us because they didn't replenish our hand towels.  Maybe cause we used too many?  Idk... . . I can't complain too much because the price was decent and it's the perfect location!
It's official, I am OLD. . . We booked Planet Hollywood on a whim. I'm glad we did! . . We arrived very early for our room, 10:00am, but were pleasantly surprised to find the room ready for our arrival. We went up and got all settled in. . . It's easier to just make a list of the pros and cons - . . Pros - . Location - perfect. . Easy in and out on foot - much improved from the former property. . Busy and exciting - a lot going on in that place. . Great room - size was huge and I enjoyed the large bathroom with the shower and toilet separate. . Modern amenities . Lots of food and shopping options. . . Cons - . There were a lot of younger people staying at this hotel. It was loud in the afternoons and evenings, but quiet at night. . There seemed to be a lot of drunkies in the elevators and on the casino floor. . There seemed to be a lot of just kind of 'hanging out' in the hallways at all hours of the day and evening. . There seemed to be a lot of 'pretty people' at the pool. I'm not pretty and not interested in a bikini contest. . Difficult in and out in a taxi. Although the location on the strip is good, the taxis go around back. I would estimate the wait time to make the turns into the taxi area adds $5 to the tab. . . In looking back, it was a great option, but I don't see myself as hip. I'm glad we stayed there, but would more than likely not stay again.
Planet Hollywood is fairly nice and has a lot of attractions (ie: shows, shopping, eating, etc.) on its main floor/casino. The rooms are nice as well with a cool contemporary feel to it. Price-wise, this hotel isn't too bad compared to Wynn, Belagio, etc. But in my opinion, it's location isn't the best on the strip. Be prepared to either cab often, or walk a lot.
I always end up in this casino no matter where im staying and thats because Earl of Sandwhich is right inside of itand they are easy to find. Good amount of the good goldfish slot machines that I can play for days . Did not enjoy their buffet after reading all the hype about it awhile back.  Probably wouldnt stay here unless I had a free rooms only because there are a lot better options. Drink service was pretty solid though which seems to be a pain in the butt everywhere else nowadays.
Planet Hollywood is in a great location.  Seriously, it can't be topped.  However, the hotel is only okay.. . The room I was in was adequate and affordable.  And honestly, that's why we stayed there.  But if you're not able to get a deal on the room like I was, why are you staying here?  Cosmo is across the street next to Aria, Bellagio, Caesars, Mandarin Oriental & Vdara... if you're not getting a deal at Planet Hollywood it just doesn't make much sense to book it.  . . If you are getting a deal though, which I suspect you are, you are probably staying in a Hollywood Hip Room (they're just the basic rooms) and you won't be disappointed.  The location is superb and the rooms are, as I said, adequate.  . . At about $50.00 - $80.00 a night, this is a great hotel to book.  Over $100.00 a night, you're probably making a mistake.
Decided to give Planet Hollywood a try based on a recommendation from a friend. I'd have to say, apart from the Miracle Mile and Koi Japanese Steakhouse, this hotel really didn't wow me. I had a lot of hope for this hotel but it fell short of meeting my expectations. . . I thought the room was going to be modern, sleek and decked out with cool movie memorablia. Our movie items consisted of a shirt and a poster from the Murder in the First movie. The bathroom is outdated and the fixtures need replacement. Had to run the shower water for 5 minutes prior to getting in or the water was freezing. . . Plus side, the tub is huge and jetted. The bed is comfortable and my room overlooked the pool. Shops, restaurants, pools and shows right at your fingertips. Right across the street and adjacent to hotel are many options for shopping, gambling, shows and food. . . Great location but the room is not up to other Las Vegas 4-star hotel standards.
I've stayed at the Planet Hollywood twice now I give this place an honest review.. . Rooms: Besides the fact that there was a HUGE wet spot on the floor of our room when we first entered...nothing special. The bathroom is large (which is nice for the ladies) and there's a tub to fill with ice and put your bottles of alcohol in. I know you do it.... Parking: SUPERRRR far from the actual hotel! UGH!!!!. Pool: HORRIBLE! So small and plain! Yuck. You need a room key to get in by the way.. Service: Sloowww! And for some reason they always seem to hang up on you or make you wait forever.. . When it comes to picking hotels in the summer I look for 2 things: Location & pool.. Planet Hollywood has a horrible pool so...next time I would skip this place.
Fun times. The Clubs were super fun there were girls dancing on these nets hanging from the ceiling. Drinks were expensive... but we didn't pay a cover so I suppose it averages out.
Pubes on the tile. Chip crumbs on the carpet. Sewer smells when you run water in the shower or sink. This place is gross. . . It's only saving grace is the casino. Plus, it's a good location to get to other cool places (It's in the middle of the strip, close to the Miracle Mile shops, and of course Earl of Sandwich=amazeballs). I'm going to go back to staying at the Bellagio-- it's full of snobby people, but at least they keep it classy.
I stayed here from august 8-12 for my 2 yr anniversary w/my boyfriend and mostly the 2 reasons why i chose this place was: 1) no resort fees, save me a extra 80/100bucks & 2) in the middle of strip/location was key for me.. . Parking was packed once i finally got to vegas around late 12ish, i had to park on the 4th floor. I'm not the one to complain about how far I parked but better lighting couldve helped. I think P.H. needs to work on how their hotel guests could find a easier and CLOSER way to the lobby. Seriously my bf and i had to walk all around the miracle mile shops with our luggagge and people staring at us. Idgaf about the staring  but thats kinda bad on the hotel b/c guests who pay good $$ to stay here have to drag their belongings to the lobby area. Probably a good 20 mins we got to the lobby, line was super long...i got to the front desk...first the employee said she couldnt "find" a room with 1 king size bed, theyre not ready , etc...she had offered a 2 twin bedroom next to the elevator and asked "if that was okay?". . -___________- IS IT OKAY? heck no, i had asked her politely that when i booked the room in may that I had wrote on the guest's preferrance/special accomdations box that i would like 1 king size room, non smoking, & on a floor higher than the 10th floor (bc i wanted a view and not stick to the smoking designated floors below.) she said okay then it was totally dead silent for 15mins looking at her computer then she finally looked up from the screen & told me she was looking for another room....and 5mins passed..she magically found a room on 22nd floor w/ 1 king sized bed. i took that, room keys were set and apologized also for everything..which i def am glad she did apologize..just a lil dissapointed as well b/c i had mentioned that when i called a day earlier and asked if i could pay in cash for the room..some employee said yes you can..but when i got there i couldnt and it had to be on a credit card...which i didnt mind either way but cmon they need to educate their front desk on communicating with each other.. . my bf and i got to our room, it was nice spacious room..bathroom was surprisingly huge, comfty bed, and a great view! we got a view of the bellagio watershow, our pool, cosmopolitan...it was a nice thing to see for paying for a hollywood hip room.  my only concerns about the room was that the ice bucket was real small, the sheer window blinds were halfway broken, the water pressure for the showerhead def needs a lot more improvement (other reviews have said the same as well) - i felt like you had to stand there for 10mins to even just get your hair half way wet, weird noises in the ac vents (scared me stimes in the middle of night-also another thing another reviewer had mentioned) and also they need to work on their tv's in the rooms - the remote was not functioning fast enough like you had to press it a couple of times to get to one channel and the power button the actual tv just did not want to turn the first few times...also i usually carry a couple $100 bills with me when i go to vegas and i usually leave some in the safe at any hotel i stay in vegas..and their's was broken! so i had to hide my money some place else...but cmon now...p.h. get it together! . . overall though, the room was actually clean, i had a good nights sleep every nite i was there, great view from where i was at, location was perfect b/c it was in the middle of the strip/plus the shops were downstairs. i probably wouldnt stay here again unless i had to...i would prob stay at monte carlo or treasure island again just b/c i did enjoy their accomdations better plus they offer special deals and coupons. P.H. didnt have anything going on! they didnt have at least a free drink or 10 bucks off of your buffet even if you were a guest! every hotel ive stayed at here in vegas has always given me coupons for being their guest and p.h. = nothing.
I liked this place better when it first opened. Ok, I liked it best during the renovations when it was 1/2 modern and shiney and 1/2 old Aladdin. But it is a quite nice casino and the rooms are decent. There aren't many great restaurants, though, and the music venue is pretty awful.
Planet Hollywood is a good stay for those never traveling to Southern California, its got the Hollywood scene and themed accordingly. Not a fan of the casino, limits are high with no one playing SERIOUSLY? Each room is themed as a movie which is really cool. Probably will never go back as the rooms are over priced for whats actually in the room. The Peep Show is a must see though if your interested in that show!
stayed here recently for a few nights and it was okay. the location is great because it's right in the middle of the strip and close to everything. Miracle Mile shops are also a plus as there are plenty of reasonably priced shops to keep me occupied while hubby gambles. . . Pros: Starbucks located in the lobby (but be warned, that they are slooow there, it takes a while to get your drink, not to mention more expensive than the usual Starbucks). Planet Daillies is a good a place for food that is diner-like.. . . Cons: we stayed in the Judge Dredd room which was just odd (not a fan of the movie). the lighting was bad - felt dark even during the daytime. no mini-fridge or coffeemaker in the room. bathroom was okay, liked that the toilet was in a separate room, but the shower stall felt really small. Also, the drain in our sink was broken, so you had to prop it up just so it would drain :-p Pool is located on the 6th floor and has quite a weird layout, lots of chairs, but small pool. . . Overall, okay experience, but don't think we would choose to stay here again.
As I understand it, a relatively inexpensive option on the strip, relatively speaking. We had two nights at PH without any major complaints. They held our luggage while we galavanted around during the morning (before we were able to check in). Checked out the pool(s) on the first day. Note that you can't take any containers (empty or not) into the pool area. Also, I think you're supposed to reserve the sofa bed/umbrella things, but it was so hot that the area wasn't in high demand and we just snagged one.. . Then, the next day, I tested out the blackout shades until about 2pm (they work well!) Beds were comfortable too, and everything was pretty much standard hotel. I will say, however, that the restrooms are the weak link. Glass shower doors aren't really conducive to sharing a room with a friend and expecting simultaneous bathroom access. Plus, I could hear... stuff... from the other bathrooms and it occasionally smelled slightly of cigarette smoke in the restroom also. I probably wouldn't choose to stay here again, since there are so many other options, but if it was a good deal I wouldn't be opposed to it either.
Pros:. Great location. . Good food.. Convenient shopping.. . Cons:. Mediocre pool.. Mediocre rooms.. Dirty bathrooms.. . The price was pretty good considering that we were here during a holiday weekend. That's all I have to say. I will not be staying here again.
Nice bathroom, comfy beds, and a convenient location were a few of the positive aspects of the PH.  We paid 60 bucks a night and were very pleased with the price.  Didn't get to check out the pool as we were here in the wintertime.  I didn't care for the miracle mile eateries, or at least, not the ones in close proximity to thehotel/casino entrance. To sum up, nothing exceptional but just dandy for a few nights in Vegas.
We got comped rooms! Weekdays, but still!. . The first thing I do when when trying a new hotel is I walk into my room and see if anything about it stands out as unique, creative, and adds a little something extra to my stay. These rooms were the basic, so not huge, no sofa, or whirlpool, but it did have some cool movie memorabilia theme to it. Our room had a display frame on the wall which held the large prop gun used on the set of Cutthroat Island (1995). The end table had a glass top and some red pants in it. haha Guessing also from the movie or that's just weird.. . There's an extra mirror outside the bathroom, but the lighting in the hallway was too dark to apply any make up there if you're with a group of girls. . . The gaming area of the casino doesn't hold very many tables to play. And I really don't want to play and have to be sitting that close to some chicks ass in my face half-assed dancing on a nearby table top. Put her somewhere else...like near the bar...off in the corner...I don't care but let me win my money and focus. Jesus. . . Parking: They make you walk a pretty far distance through the Miracle shops to get to the parking structure. Always decent spots found in there. You access it through the back of the hotel on Audrie Lane. Kind nice being able to avoid going down the strip traffic.
A much younger crowd, my friend loved it but I thought it was just ok. Unfortunately before her trip my friend had her purse stolen and had to get a temporary ID (on paper with her photo) to show along with an old ID she had that was expired and she had already got her replacement credit card and debit card. We went to play a game on the money wheel which my friend simply observed. The young woman who was overseeing the game ID'd all three of us - including my friend who was simply standing behind us. You would have thought we were counting cards or something as all of these phone calls had to be made and this gentleman walked over and gave my license the third degree (even though I had already showed it to the original woman). It was just such a pain and a bit overkill I thought. . . On a positive note they had great live music and seemed to be fairly busy on a weekday. They had a buffet too which we tried- I thought it was horrible honestly but that's another review...
It's a nice hotel-casino and a nice atmosphere inside with the miracle mile shops. We attended the holly Madison show here. Parking like any other hotel in Vegas is aplenty but hard to find closer to the elevators.. . It appears to be oriented towards a younger crowd.
stayed there one night, friday 10/21/2011. The walk/maze from the parking lot should be an option, but it's not. check-in is like a game, can you find it? they could easily set up a checkin when you first enter from the parking lot, please consider this. rooms are okay, themes are weird. little toy cars from independence day and a skirt in a glass box, really? The best thing they have going is the location on the strip, centrally located, can walk everywhere.. Our room was right off the elevator, so all night we heard the ding-ding when someone pushed the button for the elevator and it arrived. they werent that crowded! took a chance on cabo wabo and it was great. We gamble at casino royale, wheel of fortune quarter slots are usually pretty loose and drinks are cheap.
Spun a couple of reels here not much else. The inside didn't look very Hollywood like to me but it was nice looking. I They had a Pleasure Pit which was basically a couple of semi attractive gogo dancers to keep the players distracted and put the house at an even larger advantage. Nice touch. This was our entrance to the Miracle Mile Shopping area, also.
The suites are below standard I think but the access to the many shops are kind of nice.
The rooms were very big and very clean.  We actually squeezed 8 people in a room with 2 beds (I know, we're cheapskates) for a weekend trip in Vegas, and it wasn't as bad as you would think!  The bathrooms have lots of counter space, there is a room within the bathroom separating the toilet, the shower is nicely sized (and has kinda crazy heavy water pressure), and there is a huge bathtub (perfect for storing lots of ice with lots of drinks haha).  Great location, pretty good casino area.  We liked how Earl's and Planet Dailies were accessible for quick bites to eat!
Rooms are pretty standard, not too small or ghetto but definitely not as luxurious or as nice as let's say, the Palazzo. You can also request conjoining rooms if you're here with a large group and got multiple rooms.. . The service here was really great! They were very quick about bringing up more towels or blankets. One time they misunderstood us and thought one of us was really sick as in barf everywhere(?) which wasn't the case at all, so the guy brought a biohazard container haha! Good to know they're prepared for such situations!. . It's a great place to stay mainly because of its location especially if you LOVE Earl's! Best sandwiches in Vegas and open 24 hours! You can just go right downstairs to get it which was so convenient! There's also the Miracle Mile shops where they have Fat Tuesday if you want those super huge long drinks, and it's also located right across the street from the Cosmopolitan if you want to go there for Wicked Spoon buffet, Chandelier Lounge, Marquee, etc. However, it is not close at all to Wynn, Encore, Venetian, if you plan on eating and clubbing there which is the one downside since cab fare over there will be a little more expensive. . . Overall, not a shabby place to stay! I definitely wouldn't mind coming back here again.
Planet Hollywood may not be the nicest hotel on the strip, but it sure is the most convenient  hotel. The rooms were okay. We has a non-smoking room and the entire floor we were on reeked of smoke. Good thing our room didn't! The drapes in the rooms suck! The drapes don't block out any sun whatsoever. I woke up every morning with the blinding sun in my eyes! The best thing about this hotel is the location! Plus earl of sandwich is just around the corner!
When buying a house, two of the most important things to consider are price and location. PH offers both of these things. It is almost dead center on the strip, and the price, for the most part, is right (this Mon and Tues. you could have gotten rooms as low as $40 depending when you booked). With that said, the good parts of PH pretty much end here for me.. . We booked it for a LARGE group of people, I'm talking 8+ rooms because of the location, price, and the more trendy/young feeling of it. We all booked our rooms separately for a Mon and Tues night, but on Sunday morning I called and explained that I was the "coordinator" of the event and could I possibly list all of the reservation names so we could all be on the same floor as much as possible? The lady said it should be no problem putting us all on the same floor except the one couple that booked a smoking room since those are on a separate floor. No problem. She also said something to the effect that I had 2 different rooms under MY name which I promptly told her was INCORRECT...I had ONE room for 2 nights. She said it must have been a duplicate and she would fix it. Lastly, I told her that I had SEVERAL people tell me that many hotels will offer free room upgrades or comps. to people who coordinate large groups of people, so was there anything she could do? She told me that was up to the person that checked me in.. . The next day... . Everything that can go wrong, will go wrong. We go to check in around 3pm. Of course NOBODY in our party is on the same floor. I ask how that is possible since I called yesterday and was told it wouldn't be a problem. His answer, "Well, the person you spoke with didn't block out the rooms." Okay. He tells me I have two rooms under my name. I ask him how is THIS possible since I thought I also cleared this up with the same brainiac who can't block out rooms. He says he will fix it (I don't think he did. I think I will need to call PH tomorrow when the charges register on my account for a refund because they charged me again at checkout). Lastly, I ask him about upgrades or comps (after it was clear THEY had messed everything else up already). He tells me, no, they don't really do that, but he CAN offer me an upgrade to a fountain view room...I tell them, that's nice, BUT WE ALREADY PAID FOR THAT ANYWAYS!!!!! He scoffs and says, well then I can offer your friends (the 2 we rode in with) an upgrade so they can be on the same floor as us (but not even an adjoining room). My friend chuckles at this and says that it sucks to be me in a somewhat sarcastic voice BUT SHE WAS SPEAKING TO ME, not him, and he says "excuse me, but that is a 100$ upgrade, nothing to laugh at) which is a blatant lie since we upgraded to it online for $14 from the same room they would have been in. And PS, our TV didn't work, period.. . To conclude, the rooms are okay. They're clean, but honestly boring and nothing special. The buffet there sucks (review of that later),I've never known ANYONE that didn't lose in their casino, the location is good as are the prices for decentness of room, but I'm done with them. I'll pay to stay at Cosmopolitan where everything is IMMACULATE and if I get a Harrahs comp. in the future, I'll choose Paris right next door.
The rooms were ok for the price we paid!! Nothing really spectacular. What knocked them off two stars was the customer service and when staying at planet hollywood you do not have access to planet hollywood westgate!!! I was staying in the older hotel while the rest of my party was at Westgate and every time I would want to go to their room security would tell me i dont have access because I am not a planet hollywood guest. ( even tho i was staying at PLANET HOLLYWOOD) on top of all of this they told me that they cannot call the room my friends are staying at they need to come and get me so I can have access to this hotel. BIGGEST PISS OFF EVER!!!! It was ridiculous!! Honestly for the price I paid I could of stayed at the Cosmo not only would I have a better and nicer room but that hotel is AMAZING and has great Customer Service!!!! Sorry Planet Hollywood you just didnt do it  for me!!!!!!
Gets way too crowded as it is connected to Miracle Mile...can smell funny due to all the traffic and people/little kids. Has potential (love the changing color crystal ball) and Earl of sandwiches is amazing. The sports room is horrible...dirty and everyone smokes so it creates a horrible environment to be in. Like I said, has potential but doesn't quite pull through.
Planet Hollywood is right in the middle- location, quality, amenities, dining. It's all pretty much middle of the road. It's nothing to rave about, yet I don't know that there's anything to really complain about. I loved its location on the strip, which puts you in a very convenient position to reach most anything of note in a short walk. . . I had unexpectedly been offered a free rental vehicle and parked in the garage. I never drove it again until departure, and I was glad for that. The walk from the garage to check-in is ludicrous. Winding through the Miracle Mile Shops with luggage in tow was an annoyance, to say the least. Not to mention the inherent difficulties of the property floor plan itself, which had me twisted for the entire stay. . . The room was booked for me and I chose to upgrade to a larger room with a view- which is something I'll always do in Vegas. It was a great choice because I was given an excellent end of hall panoramic of the Paris balloon and tower next door and The Bellagio fountains across, and I couldn't watch them enough. Room 2038 was an Independence Day film theme and, although not luxurious, was very adequate and sufficiently tidy. The king bed allowed a great reclined view up the strip. The tv was oddly placed to the side of the bed. I turned the chairs at the window to enjoy a beverage and the view often throughout the stay. In consideration of the huge variances of room rates along the strip, I feel that I paid a very fair rate for the quality of the experience. I briefly negotiated the upgrade and felt that it was fair, as well.. . Again, the floor plan had me wandering far more than I wanted just to find my way out or about. I've stayed in probably a dozen different Vegas properties and usually have my bearings by the second day- not here. The dining choices offered a nice variety. Planet Dailies was a waste for both food and service. I wasn't crazy about the buffet and it seemed that I was probably not alone in that opinion. The food quality and selection were adequate and there was never a line.. . I walked everywhere during my stay and, again, for that I really appreciated the location. . . On my nickel, I'll usually stay at Bellagio. But, if I were to find myself in position to have to consider Planet Hollywood again, I would be fine staying there.
Planet Hollywood has done a lot to improve over the years and I was pretty impressed with the overall quality during my time in this hotel. It seems like everything has been upgraded from the decor to the shops and just the overall feel of the place seems less cheesy than it used to.. . There is a really good variety of shops, restaurants, and bars which are all more than willing to help you part with your money although not nearly as eagerly as the casino floor. The gaming area is pretty standard compared to other casinos and it didn't really stand out in any way.. . Still not in the upper echelon of Vegas hotels, but definitely making strides to stay away from the bottom of the pile.
overall ok rooms.. very spacious. . My only complaints were, no in room coffee, small windows and a mediocre bed.  . . Casino floor was nice.  I loved the go-go dancers ;o). . Staff overall were pretty friendly
Note to the lazy: You might want to just valet. Otherwise, check-in is a far walk from their parking structure. . . The heart bar is a good meetup spot since it's the easiest thing to find on the casino floor. Early evenings, the bartender has time to converse and prepare you their specialties.. . The "regular" rooms have a cheesy vibe and was a little musky for a ventilated Vegas room. Small with a bathroom almost the size of the sleeping area. It's a message to guests to stay clean and get out.. . The only reason I give it an "A-OK" is the fact that it's in the middle of the strip [which makes it the best meeting point for large groups] and the rooms are kept clean.
The Rooms were nice, the Casino floor is very confusing, it took me 3 days to finally figure out which paths to walk to get out of the hotel towards the shops, which left turn to get to the lobby. There was something about the lighting that made me highly anxious, some of the staff do not know where certain bars are within the vicinity of the bar, I had to ask the security officers, Planet Dallies has amazing coffee and they can give it to you to go if you have already eaten there!
Hubby and I stayed here for a 4 day, midweek, belated 8th anniversary getaway. I had never been to Vegas and he had been about 10 years ago. The hotel room (King, 5 piece bath) was simply ok. It was the little things that caused me to take stars away. Tile in the shower was poorly maintained and showing mold and separating from the wall around the door (only visible when you are standing in the shower). Tile also separating around the tub (only visible when you are in the tub). The room was dusty... glasses had a layer of dust on them. There was just a general lack of maintenance to the room. If they don't tend to the visible stuff... what else are they not cleaning? I don't know if it's standard for strip hotels to not have mini-fridges... but this one does not. Really inconvenient to not have a little fridge for storing quick breakfast items and water. . . We used the Hotel's concierge for general information (public transportation info, directions, etc) and they were helpful. . . I would not recommend the Hertz desk at Planet Hollywood (I'll post a separate review for them). The Nissan Altima (normally a car we do not mind renting) was a total POS. It was fine for the 9 hours we rented it... but really. I expect to have at least a washed car and one that doesn't have body damage would be a bonus! . . The casino is what you would expect from a strip location. Fun, loud and we managed to take some of the Casino's money home. . . Location is perfect. Mid strip, with The Deuce and Express bus stop just out the front doors. . . Would we stay here again? Meh, probably not. Although, if we wait to return for another 10 years it'll probably be a remodeled hotel.
It is always fun but the comps are terrible.
Great location.  Rooms were ok, but I preferred the MGM Signature suite we had booked, but they had to moved us because they were over sold.. . I love the shops and they have decent dining there.  I do not like the casino, but I do like that it was not as smoked filled at the MGM's casino.. . Nice pool area, but not spectacular.  The Breakfast buffet is not as good as the MGM or Paris, but their lunch buffet is good. The location alone would make me return.. . I would stay here again for the right price.
Rooms are nothing special, however, we did have a killer view.... . The miracle mile walk could kill you if the Valet is too busy and you decide to walk with your luggage though the Miracle Mile Shops!!! . The bathrooms in the room is pretty nice, The tub is wonderful!!!. . The Casino is really nice, but not one of my favorite parts of this casino is their buffet!!! Its soooooooooooooo good!!!... Perfect breakfast and Lunch... never been there for dinner, but will be back to try it... . . I don't think I would want to stay here again, but will be back for the casino and the food!
I am actually a fan of Marriott hotels, usually stay at Marriott Grand Chateau whenever I visit Vegas. But, I decided to give it a try with Planet Hollywood. First of all, GREAT location, loved Earl Of Sandwich place by casino.. . As for the rooms, I don't know if there was suppose to be a hairdyer in the room, I couldn't locate it. I was expected to have coffee maker but is also not present. Mattress seemed bit old, everytime I moved around, I can hear the spring inside the mattress. Besides that, tub was a good size, room was also decent size. I requested feather free room, which was already done for us before checking in. . . But overall it was a good stay.
A few friends and I got "The Color Purple" room for a bachelor party. With the possibility of needing to crash after a night out on the Strip. Our room was simply decorated in dark, rich colors with some memorabilia from the movie.. . Although it is nothing spectacular, it was still a nice hotel room. Two queen sized beds, big flat screen tv, shower, and tub made for a comfortable stay. The hygiene products are lacking though. They provide no shampoo or conditioner, and their shower gel does not lather. I was glad that I tend to be compulsive and bring my own grooming supplies.. . Everything about the PH is A-OK. The buffet is decent, the table games are not too outrageously high, and the mall is convenient, but all of the promoters swarming the floor is a bit much.
I don't remember the name of the room we got, but we got a huge suite, one master room with a tub, a living room, kitchen, and another bedroom. MANY THINGS SEEMED BROKEN and worn out. Our tub stopped working on our last day in Vegas. There were missing items such as pens. We stayed here for halloween so I vaguely remember what else went wrong in this hotel. Oh yeah there's a sound box for us to connect our iPods to, but had to get those aux cords to connect. LOUD enough to pregame! Paid only $900 for 2 nights, split amongst 5363623 ppl and we pretty much saved a heck a lot of money staying here. . . Uhm, this hotel is definitely for broke college students or young 20's, those who pretty much want more bang for their buck but still want something very modern and VEGAS like. Its pretty much like Caesar's Palace, they have a mall (Miracle Miles shops) like how Ceasars got their forum. Popular eats is Earl's sandwiches, cheap sandwiches and open 24/7 for drunk kids. Fat Tuesdays downstairs. AND its right across the street from COSMO/MARQUEE! Very convenient for clubbers. . . However I'll only come back here if I'm planning a HUGE vegas trip with my 15+ friends and want a big suite to FSU and be close to Marquee.
Didn't stay at the hotel but the casino was great!!!
I like the Planet Hollywood alot, its very young and hip. I love the Miracle Mile shops and it's across from the Cosmopolitan and Paris hotel which has great restaurants. I stayed in the PH Tower suite, 2 bedroom, 2 bath, kitchen, living --- a really great suite.. . What I didn't like was the front desk service and the pool bar service. Front desk was really slow, and the lady that helped us check in spoke really low, and would not bring up her volume after I told her that I couldn't hear her. . . The pool service was ok, it took us 45 minutes to get our food. I've stayed at several different hotels and it usually takes 25 minutes. I wasn't pleased with the wait and had to check on the food twice. And then when it came out 2 of our hot wing orders were really cold. By the time I realized it, the guy who brought it out was already gone.  . . If you don't care about those two things, then you'll be fine staying here.
Pros: great location for a less expensive price (comparatively). Fun casino- average age of the clientele is 25-30 at night. Great music all day long on the casino floor.. . Cons: the hotel room wasn't as clean as others I've been in. The shower was a little moldy and the furniture was dusty.  The wireless internet is $15 for 24 hours but has very minimal connectivity, and when it was connected it was low-very low.. . Overall, I'd probably stay here again because of it's central location and cheap price comparatively... just wish the housekeeping dept was a little more thorough when cleaning the rooms.
We like the mall here. There are plenty of stores and shops that "normal" people can shop. We like that there is a good mix of places to eat so we can always find something we both agree on. We also like that the V theater is here so we can decide to see a show last minute and not have to leave the mall. (sin city comedy is great)
we were just in las Vegas for a wedding at Planet Hollywood. I've stayed at many of the hotel/casinos on the strip and Planet Hollywood is not the best but definitely not the worst. The self parking is a long walk from the hotel, so that was kind've pain. The hotel is centrally located on the strip, so it's an easy walk to most destinations in either direction. . . I can't really comment on the casino because I don't gamble, but we enjoyed several of the bars in the casino. There is a starbuck's in the casino which is nice, but I'm pretty sure all of the casinos have at least one. There is also a nice little mall connected to the casino with 'normal' stores, not those crazy designer stores that they have in the forum shops. . . Check-in and check-out were smooth and easy. Our room was average size, clean and the bed and pillows were quite comfortable. wireless internet was $14/day which is ridiculous, but luckily we had our our personal hotspot. They have a nice spa but again, the prices were ridiculous. Of course, this seems to be typical for Vegas these days.. . The wedding we attended here gets the record for fastest wedding ever - less than 10 minutes from start to finish, but it was a very nice ceremony and a nice little chapel (despite the shouts from those watching the NCAA tournament just outside the door) . . We didn't get to use the pool since it was too cool, but we did go out and check it out and it was nothing special. For the price though, this wasn't a bad place to stay.
This is a review for the hotel only.  Spa to be reviewed separately.  In terms of staying here as a guest this really only rates 2 stars, bathroom is nice sized, room decent, bed was very comfortable.  Honestly though, there is nothing really interesting about this place and I found it boring at best.  And cleanliness was a real issue. I did attend a conference here, and for conferences I would rate it a 4 - great sound quality and conference rooms, only downside was lack of plug space for laptops.  Hands down best food at a conference ever; this they got perfect.
Went here for the buffet and although it claims to be the best on the strip, it was just OK-- pretty sure the one at MGM is better but it might just be a fluke (and I'm not one to reeeeaally judge because I mostly just go for the shrimp cocktail). . It was the lunch buffet, and we got 25% off just by walking up. . They have the usual Vegas-International Fanfare: Mexican, Asian, American, Italian, Seafood, etc. etc.. . If you are unsure about buffet food, just use my patented technique of getting whatever the hell you want and spitting out what tastes like ass instead of committing to eating the entire chunk of nasty food you lumped onto your plate-- that way you will only be eating the deliciousness you meant to serve up!. . Happy Buffeting Sexuals!
Going down the tubes. The place used to be owned and run by Starwood and now that it's a harrahs property it's starting it's downward fall. . . If u expect 4 star level luxury it's no longer here. Dirty elevators and holes in the walls of the halls. The place is becoming imperial palace fast!
Just was walking through to see what was inside.  Consider it a big mall that you can sleep at if you wished to!  Since I did not stay at the hotel itself, I can not give it any further stars.
We brought our daughter, her fiance and her brother out to Vegas for her 21st birthday.  We had rooms at Flamingo but our VIP host found rooms a Planet that saved us about $80 and since this was my daughters original choice we switched hotels.  We got in very late so the hotel was full, the front desk clerk said he had two dbl queen rooms, or a suite that we would have to move from in two days or gave us the option of changing in the morning after checkouts.  We figured if we're spending more than 6 hrs in our room we should be beaten with a tack hammer anyway so we just kept our rooms. . Rooms: very easy to find, clean and roomy, not much of a view, large bathroom and pretty quiet. Maid service was great.. Casino:  layout is a bit confusing, lots of walking in circles but that could be attributed to the drinks, they definitely aren't going to cheat you hear.  I do enjoy their sports book.  Actually being able to sit in the bar/lounge and watch all your games is nice and the bartenders are great.  Sat down for a few hours while the ladies shopped and grabbed a nap. My dealers Ellie and Yolanda were probably the two best I've encountered, lots of fun and helpful.. Overall it's about average.  For the younger crowd that's there to party I'm guessing they'd go 4 or 5 stars but for the parents I'll stay at 3 or 4.
Stayed here on multiple occasions in the past and the hotel/casino/dining has always been a good experience.. On our last trip we were on the 23rd floor and had a view of the B fountains in a larger room which was nice. . . They have some good casual food places such as the Earl of Sandwich (AMAZING) and Planet Dailies. Pretty good buffet aswell.. . Only thing we dislike is the staff, both at the reception (especially here) and the TR desk. Have had multiple problems happen on both of our last stays and the staff here is simply horrible. This would in my opinion be one of the top hotels in Vegas if it was not for the staff. Definitely one of the reasons why we will try and avoid PH in the future when we can.. . We usually stay on comp nights so can't really complain, however the staff is just horrible.
I had reserved a room at Planet Hollywood for my birthday and I was excited for the stay based on the pictures on Yelp.. . But that wasn't what I got.. . I walked into the room (which was the lowest price range) and was incredibly unhappy. The room was SMALL. The bathroom looked like a wreck and it just felt icky in there. So I called the front desk asking if I could upgrade to the next price range up (which was an extra $20/night, that sounded pretty reasonable).. . Extra star for letting us check in 3 hours early and for being super super accommodating with letting us switch rooms.. . I don't remember what the second one up is, I wish I did so it could probably help those of you looking at this review but the room was significantly bigger and the bathroom arrangement was MUCH better. It had the tub in the middle, the shower on the right and the toilet on the left as well as two bathroom sinks.. . The second night in, I called housekeeping for more towels. After waiting about 45 minutes with nothing, my husband called again and someone was promptly at our door within 10 minutes with not only new towels, but WARM new towels! Not really sure what happened that first time around. . . The Mile Shops are okay. The fact that Earl of Sandwich is open 24 hours is a nice plus. My only other complaint is that it was hard to find the room elevators in the casino.. . Judging by other reviews on here, it seems like your stay will be fantastic if you pick the right room price level. I'd probably give this resort another go. The stay wasn't awful and the beds were nice to sink into after a long day of walking.
My two girlfriends and I stayed at ph for a quick weekend getaway. . . The ph website only shows some of the nicer rooms...but I can only comment on the room we did stay in. The room we stayed in, 3712, was Battlestar Galactica themed. hmmm...it was small and sparse. I don't know how much the room was for two nights but I hope it wasn't too much...my friend was the one who paid for it.. . . Also, when you valet your car, and you are not a Diamond or Platinum club member,(we were only Gold Clubbers) forget about having the best entrance, instead...expect to drag your heavy ass suitcase throughout the whole Miracle Mile Shops to get to your room. . . . . Don't know if I'd stay here again...But would definitely would stop by Earl of Sandwich!
Awesome hotel, but I think the staff needs to wake up! . . . We loved this location and the newer design of this hotel, compared to the other hotels for Total Rewards.  Glad that they have accommodations for wheelchair accessibility, but why did we get placed in a hotel room for the handicapped?!  I honestly don't mind, but only because shower head was oddly placed and that just makes the rest of the stay difficult.   It is no fun trying to shampoo while holding the shower head because it only reaches your shoulders. We asked for additional toiletries, but we got new towels instead.  Forget it.  . . The pool was small, but enough lounge chairs for everyone to share the sun.  . I will come back, only because of location and its new and clean.  Regular room next time, please!
Stayed here on my last voyage to Vegas.  Mostly I picked this place because we were staying for 4 nights and it was the cheapest one out of a group of hotels I usually like to stay at.  . . Checking in was easy and although I booked a room with a strip view I was offered a room that had a view of the fountains at the Bellagio for $30 a night.  Now that I think about it I should have just saved that money and stayed in whatever room I booked because the actual window was fairly small and you could basically see the fountains and part of Paris.  Not really worth the $30 upgrade charge.. . The room was nice and somewhat clean.  One of thebedside tables was dusty throughout our stay and I believe we got clean sheets twice.  For what I paid I suppose I shouldn't be expecting more.  . . My complaints....when we tried ordering room service no one picked up the line.  I had to call twice to get someone to answer.  Then a day before check out I went to the hotel lobby to request a late checkout because our flight was a little bit later in the afternoon.  The person working the front desk said I would have to call back in the morning to request it.  When asked how early is early because I could call at 4am if I had to I was told "just call early".  So I call that night at midnight and they only gave me an hour extra...not a lot but two hours would have been perfect.. . Overall it was a good stay but I feel that for the extra money spent upgrading I should have stayed across the street at one of the City Center hotels.  Live and learn I guess.
where to start? check in was super easy and fast, we arrived at 630am but check in was at 3pm, we were given early check in and upgraded to a fountain view room for an additional $100 a night, which im now seeing was a rip-off; the normal rate is $20-50/night. Im not gonna lie the view was great......... if the windows were not covered in spots! One of the lamps didn't work because the cord was completely cut. Went to take a nap and the pillows reeked of mildew, like they had been left in the washer for WAY too long. Called housekeeping to get them replaced, they said it would be a few mins then the head of housekeeping came to our room to tell us there was a delay but it wouldnt be more than 30 mins, 2 hours later called housekeeping again and they had completely forgotten. We eventually got new pillows but I shouldnt have to call that many times. I went to take a shower and it was completely clogged and started filling with water immediately. The location is great though!! Ohhhh I almost forgot, they are eco-friendly so if you want new linen everyday you must specifically request it. I expected more. oh ya no fridge, so bring a cooler if you wanna keep your drinks cold, we used the trashcan lol
I've only gambled here and went to the buffet.  It seems like I can never win here...it took a long time for anyone to fix the machine that I was playing and then in the end they still had trouble fixing it.  . . I wouldn't consider the hotel to be fancy... it's really just OK.
Not the best place on the strip, but not the worst. Planet Hollywood's existence is the result of The Aladdin, having occupied the property before, doing a terrible job of making the 1001 Nights theme work (personally I don't know how one screws up one of the richest, most evocative and imagination capturing motifs ever, but there you go). That being said the casino is a bit dark and not so well plotted out. Also I am somewhat annoyed whenever Los Angeles (with its Hollywood theme) tries to impose itself on Las Vegas, but maybe that's just me. Still worth a look.
My mom got offered a couple free nights at Planet Hollywood Hotel, so we thought we'd give it a shot.  The hotel lobby is below the casino floor level and actually kind of far from the parking lot.  We arrived before check-in, which is at 3 p.m., so we did a pre-check in.  At 3 p.m., all we had to do was pick up the keys.  I would definitely recommend this if you can arrive a little bit earlier, because the line to check-in at 3 p.m. was really long.  . . The hotel room was pretty average, nothing too fancy.  The pillows don't seem as plush as many of the other hotel's that I stayed at.  The bathroom is pretty large and has a tub (but I never really care for bathtubs at hotels, it just seems a bit yucky).  Instead of a large bathroom, I would have preferred the room itself be a bit bigger or have a couch.  . . The pool area (sixth floor) was pretty boring compared to other pools in Vegas.  It's mainly a concrete covered roof area with lawn chairs.  There are two pools.  One pool had really loud music blasting and it was considered 21+.  The other pool was the "family pool" and was a bit calmer.  The pool isn't really big enough to swim much, most people are just standing there, drinking Budweiser.  Not an amazing pool, but it works.  . . Overall, the hotel is pretty average.  It's clean and nice enough; the greatest thing about it is that it's central location, right in the middle of the strip.  At the price of free, I can't really complain.  . . Notes:. -They offer free coffee (caffeinated and decaffeinated) that you can make with the provided coffee maker.
This is the old Alladin hotel. They've done some updating, but it could use more. I've given three stars primarily because our experience with the staff was subpar, but also the decor is so dated. We were treated rudely by bar staff, indifferently by staff at the spa, and ignored by the maid staff. . . We ordered two waters at the bar and the waitress barked back that we had to order drinks in order to sit down. Of course we were going to get drinks, we were just parched and wanted water first. . . The spa staff was not friendly, like we are used to at other resorts. I think it's because a 20% gratuity is already included. They took it for granted. . . On two occasions the maids promised to come clean our room, once at noon, and then at 5pm. They showed up at 11:30pm, and woke us up. Lame.. . On the brighter side, the Diamond check in was great, the taxi lines in and out were short, the on-sight PF Changs was great fantastic, the dancing models in the casino were a big plus, the cabanas, pool scene, pool service were great.
So pissed that the wi-fi is $12 bucks a day!!! What's worse is that there is no 3G reception anywhere in the area. I'm personally convinced that they jam it intentionally. They really need to learn that $10 bucks for a friggin jack and coke and no Facebook, etc is going to prolong their recession and ultimately burn them.. I for one will absolutely not come back to Vegas for at least a couple of years due to the extortionistic prices and tactics.. Nice rooms. Nice pool but it closes too early. The cheeseburger restaurant has awesome bloody mary's!
For the price of this hotel, it was not the nicest place to stay. First, the hotel only has valet. If you want to Self Park, you must park on the north end of the shops and walk a good 10-15 min. through the shops with your baggage, past Elara, then through the mazed ridden hotel, down elevators, etc.... to get to front desk. When we got there at 4:50 PM, our Resort room was not going to be ready until 6 PM. What a crock for a Friday when you are trying to get ready for dinner and check in is at 3 PM. The guy at the desk was rude and I had to ask him what the final cost was, after he already ran my card, then ask for my receipt, then ask where I could place my bags until the room was ready. Very unprofessional gentleman. . After we got to the room, the hallway was smoky, which seeped into our non-smoking room.That was the worst during our stay there. You expect to not smell smoke in your room, but it was always lingering. The Resort room was nice and large for us 4 girls. Beds were comfy. And the hotel is conveniently located on the strip. Going to the North Tower rooms, we always got lost finding it though. The lack of signs pointing you in the right direction was a pain. . The pool has a weird set up. It's on the 6th floor and when you walk out its all white concrete with surrounding rows of chairs. We first thought, great, there's plenty of seating! Then, "where's the pool??" Both the east and west end have a small pool, one that has a platform into it for Sat. bikini contest. All the cabanas surrounding the pool were occupied, but no chairs. So you can't lay by the pool, you have to walk down the stairs and lay out with the boring concrete. No site to see whatsoever. BORING. And you have a DJ at both pools and one in the middle, so laying out you hear a mix of music which can get annoying. But no kids were there that I saw. Only grown men that feel it's appropriate to play with beach balls and do cannon balls into the pool, splashing you and getting water into your drinks. . The all you can eat buffet downstairs is amazing though! And Earl's is pretty good too. When searching for a hotel for this weekend, Venetian was running the same $, if not less expensive price for their Bella Suite, which is 200 sq. ft. larger than the Resort room at PH. We all agreed we'd never stay at PH again and should have stayed there. Elara was really nice when I stayed in their 2 bdrm suite a few years ago and from what I hear, that used to be PH's.
Stayed here 7/21 and 7/22 in the hip room and I am a total rewards member. Booked my room for $100 sat and $35 sun. . . Good parts:. -Location is in the middle of the strip. -Free upgrade to a strip view. -Bathroom size. -Earls and the ABC store. -Great selection of food and drinks for cheap. -Coctail waitresses at the casino were AMAZING! Brought drinks to us in less than 10 minutes. . Bad:. -Housekeeping was horrible. -They brought us a fridge with puke on the side of the door....not kidding. -Noisy room if you are facing the pool. -the pool sucks. -We had a smoking room and since they were sold out they couldnt move us. -The matress was super old. . I would stay here again but I would never pay more than $100 a night
Pros: . Reasonably priced. Location (across from City  Center and Belagio, next to Paris). Easy check in/check out (arrived at 4PM on a Saturday and the room was ready). Great buffet (champagne brunch). Great steak house (Strip). Large bathroom with a lot of counter space (ladies... for our makeup, hair products and everything else we bring along). Peep Show was fun and entertaining (seriously, other reviewers, it's Holly Madison...what were you expecting?). . Cons:. No A/C in hallways or elevators. A/C in room does not get very cold . Furniture is old, scuffed (found hair in drawer! OMG!). Matress is lumpy. Thin walls. . We had a strip view room. Great view of Belagio fountains! The bast part was (and I would highly recommend if you like to people watch as much as I do) we had a view of the 21+ pool! Watching guys fist pump as girls tried to get away...priceless!. . Weird thing that happened... (Stayed 3 nights). After housekeeping cleaned the first time, they took all our washcloths. After the second time, they took all our hand towels! The last day we were there, we were left with only 3 bath towels???
To christen our inaugural trip to Vegas, my gf and I decided to book a hotel that neither one of us had stayed at before. A few clicks around the internet later, and we found a pretty solid deal for two nights here. No perks, but the price seemed reasonable for what looks like a great resort online. . . Whatever you do, DO NOT self park when you get here. You're probably thinking what I was thinking when I pulled up, which is that valet service probably isn't free, plus I just don't like handing my keys over to some knob so he can mess with my seat positioning and AC. So, we drove off the park ourselves... and wound up knee-deep in the Miracle Mile shops, where I proceeded to haul our bags for what seemed like all 5000+ feet of it before finally hitting the check-in station below. . . They were, of course, out of king beds for the room we booked, but the woman offered to upgrade us to a larger room with a king for no additional fee; the only downside being that it was a smoking room. We accepted, since Vegas is typically good at making sure smoking rooms don't smell like you'd expect them to. . . Our room was Wheel of Fortune themed. Kinda rad, even if I do think the show is lame. The round display case which held a board tile lit up neon green at night. That was cool, made for some nice ambiance. . . The room itself wasn't very clean. To the eye it was, but it could've definitely used some serious dusting. . . Here are a few cons:. . - What is the point in boasting that there's a 42 in. plasma TV in my room when every station it gets is in standard definition? That's like saying you have all the latest films available on VHS. . . - No coffee maker, but there is a sign letting me know there's a Starfucks down below, eager to rape my wallet on the daily. . . - Room service prices appear to be high, as expected, but P.F. Chang's has a menu that's in line with the pricing if I were eating there anyway. Oh, hey there, $8 room service surcharge fee that's hiding down below in tiny font! Almost missed you there. . . - If you're getting drinks at the pool, make it a double. They're already bending you over to the tune of $14/pop, what's another $4? Drink enough to forget what you paid for it. . . - They have a gym, and you can use it for the completely reasonable fee of 25 FUCKING DOLLARS A DAY. I laughed and left when informed of this. I suspect my laughter would have intensified had I actually seen the gym, since I doubt it's more than a couple treadmills and some mismatched dumbbells. . . - Wi-Fi isn't free. This will matter when you realize that AT&T gets a shitty signal in the building. . . I know this is how Vegas works, but charging me for every little amenity a la carte doesn't do a whole lot to insure my future business. I'm more likely to seek out a hotel that will include all of that in the price of the room. I don't go to Vegas to workout (I'm not a meathead or anything), but $25 to work off a night of drinking before the day begins is a slap in the face. I had a decent stay here, but the cons outweigh the pros too much.
The only awesome thing about this hotel is the casino. Period.  The casino is awesome esp when ur arriving late and coming from a long drive from LA after an 9hr workday and too famished to go clubbing.  The casino itself is a big club and on top of that, decor looks great with all the colors.. . The walk from the self parking lot to the front registration is a plain nightmare, lugging your luggage thru the long mall after a 5 hr drive sucks.  ESP when you just want to arrive, check-in and get ur nite started already.. . The hotel hallways are a bit dingy.  While the bed i find pretty comfortable, the rest of the room is not up to par.  The furniture is scratched up and old.  The closet doesn't even fit a large suitcase.  Low standard bathroom.  Shower head is cheap and so filled with soap scum that you are getting scattered sprays.  And don't even get me started on the complimentary toiletries - The shower gel smells cheap and doesn't lather, the lotion smells cheap.  Good thing i bring all those things with me normally so i don't even need to go near theirs.  . . While i can put up with all this (minus the shower head) it would be very nice if they did a little upgrading.  I know they can afford it, esp with thier room prices and how much traffic goes on in thier casino.. . Best thing about the room is always thier deep soaking tub, its pretty awesome!. I'll still be back many more times PH, but please just consider doing a little upgrading!
3.5 stars is probably the right rating.  . . Came here for a show/conference this past week.  I was kind of excited to stay here because I didn't want to stay in Paris or Bally's.  I thought this should be nicer since they showed it a couple of times in movies.  Anyway the hotel feels old.  The hallways, the carpets, the bathroom.  The bedroom was better than Paris and Bally's but the bathroom in there could have used some better lighting although you would then see the broken parts in the toilet, the stain in the shower stall.  The carpet in the hallways and the rooms just felt old and dirty.  The elevators took longer than usual.  I'm fine with it if we're traveling for work but if I'm vacationing I'll choose Aria or Wynn.  . . I can't complain about the casino though because it has a great atmosphere.  From the pleasure pits to the hip hop music they play, the place is happening all night long.  . . I'll come back to play but not to stay unless it's for work.
Pros-. . - Nice looking casino floor. - Three card poker with 6 card bonus (hit $250 off a $5 bet... got a four of a kind!). - Close to shops, Walgreens and Earls. - Pretty central to a lot of hot spots around town. - Affordable rooms. . Cons-. . - No speedy checkout process available (usually via TV), had to wait in an obnoxiously long line just to checkout. - Not a big fan of their resort bedroom layout (I usually like a long hallway connecting the bathroom to bedroom). - Pool area (two pools, one doesn't really have a layout out in the sun spot, while the other has plenty but music sucks)
Feels like they just painted over an old beat up casino, good location and affordable, good for college kids. Not my cup of tea but decent nonetheless
Stayed here for the first time for the weekend.  A friend got a good rate and it was definitely a step up from Harrah's (where we stayed last time).  . . Rented a cabana at the pool Friday and hung out there all day.  Not the best pool in Vegas, but definitely fun.  The waitress charged two buckets of beer to our room that we paid for in cash, so that was a hassle.  Also, they didn't come around very frequently, so overall, pretty bad service.. . We hung out in the Heart Bar in the middle of the casino floor, which was pretty decent.  It's nice that it's connected to the mall, so there are more options for eating than you'd normally find.. . Not the greatest hotel, but for the price, pretty darn good.
The hotel is great, but I was quickly disappointed by two things.   The ATM machines charge a fee of $6.00.   Shut up!   Who does that?  They already hit you in the casinos and then want to charge an EXTRA $6.00 for you to spend your money at the casino. . . After a long day of meetings, I was hoping to catch an episode of True Blood.   They didn't have HBO?   Even the small hotels off the strip have HBO.   . . The hotel itself is very nice and comfortable.   They just don't seem to be concerned . about the small stuff that makes a difference.
The hotel has a great strip location with excelletn shops (Miracle Mile) and comfortable beds. The carpet in the halways and room are a bit worn and could be updated.  It was nice that the bus picked up next door at the Paris allowing for easy access to Freemont street or other hotels on the strip.. . While there is a lot of seating in the outdoor pool "area" the two pools were actually quite small with limited seating around them. If you rent a car while in Vegas or from the Hertz located in the lobby be prepared to walk. It is a good 10-15 minutes from the parking garage to the hotel lobby as you have to walk about halfway around the miracle mile shopping area. . Overall we felt for this hotel was good for the price we paid and there were no resort fees!
There are so many reviews for this hotel already that I am going to sum up my experience in point form for simplicity.. . Positives:. - Great location basically in the middle of the Strip.. - Room was spacious even though we got the cheapest type (Hollywood Hip).. - Room was very quiet. Didn't hear any hallway noise at all.. - Loved the huge bathtub.. - Miracle Mile mall convenient.. - Big, comfortable bed.. . Negatives:. - Front desk staff not engaging upon check-in and it wasn't busy.. - Bad experience with valet. They brought us the wrong car after a 10 minute wait and tried to convince us it was our car just because it was the same make. Other times had to wait 25 minutes for car.. - Was charged $1 for local calls even though this was not stated anywhere. Shouldn't cost $1 to call the hotel that I could literally see from my window (friends staying there).. - No mini fridge.. . Comments:. - Self park isn't that far to walk if you're not carrying bags. Just drop your bags off with the bag desk and self park, then get bags brought up to room to avoid annoying valet.. - Drains in room were very slow and would get backed up and stand stillat times (sink, bathtub).. - Movie memorabilia in our room was pretty lame.. - Lots of young, rowdy people seem to stay here. Almost every time I was in the elevator, no matter what time of day, some drunk/high person tried to have conversations with me. If you want something quieter or more classy, I wouldn't recommend PH.. . I would stay here again if the price was right solely because of the location. I don't think this hotel stands out over any others in Vegas and is pretty average.
I would have given this Hotel 4 stars if not for one really crummy thing:  getting to the rooms!  I really hate that you have to roll really deep in the casino to find the room elevators...one side "North" and another side "South."  I enjoy gambling, don't get me wrong, but when I am tired and just want to crash...why make it so hard to do that?!  The rooms are really clean, and appear to have been recently updated.  I really liked the "Soaking" tub in the room we had, and the Hollywood stuff that decorated it.  Enjoy!
2.5 rounding up to 3.  if you've stayed at any of the newer hotels on the strip, ph won't impress you.  if you haven't, ph is just fine.  they could use an update on the room decor.  the bathroom only has one sink, terrible lighting, and no makeup mirror.  it's a "normal" hotel.  the miracle mile shops are pretty convenient.  and all the staff was pretty nice.  the location is convenient w/a bridge to the cosmopolitan.  but other than that, nothing special.  . . if i ever go back, i'm gonna search for this lifeguard: . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/planet-hollywood-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas-2?select=8GTMvIA-8eCt5kjM8ZxMow#8GTMvIA-8eCt5kjM8ZxMow. . i so wish i had asked him if he knew about the grammar error on his tattoo.  poor guy...... . hey lifeguard - if you're seeing this, a kid at the airport had a brilliant idea for you: go back and get a green squiggly line under the error.  ;)
Central location.  You're right in the middle of the strip, next to the Miracle Mile shopping area (no real high-end shopping here, but just a bunch of typical mall shops), across the street from Bellagio and Citycenter.  Big plus.. . Already noted, bears repeating: the self-parking lot is far from the hotel lobby.  I'd probably suggest doing valet if you're bringing luggage or lots of bags up.  Otherwise, if you self-park, you'll walk through half of the Miracle Mile shopping circle before seeing the casino, then take an escalator down one flight to the hotel lobby.. . Room was pretty nice.  Two beds faced the window.  Bathroom was large; no lock on the main door.  Tub and separate shower, two sinks on opposite ends of the bathroom (lot of space), and toilet with separate door/lock.  Shower took a while to heat up --- I like super-hot showers, so this was an inconvenience.. . The casino floor is small, though.  Not a lot of choices.  Could only find one $15 blackjack table.  Lots of single-deck blackjack, which I'm not a fan of.  You could walk the whole casino floor in about 2 minutes.  Shoutout to Dallas and Lauren, my favorite dealers.  Super-nice folks.. . Poker room is just a roped-off area within the casino (next to a bar), but my buddy made money so he didn't complain.. . Pool is ok.  There's a large area for sunbathing, between the two separate pool areas.  Not a great setup.  Long walk between the two pools.  The cafe/bar area is nothing special, either.. . For a Sunday - Wednesday (3 night) stay in the center of the strip for about $120 bucks, not a bad deal at all.  I'd go again.
Stayed here for one night. It is funny because like the Elara, Planet Hollywood is located right at the Miracle Mile Shops too. . . This hotel has such a large casino! It is cool because in the rooms, it is decorated with tidbits of old schoolhollywood. There was the Wynan Brothers framed in our bathroom and an old Wheaties cereal box on one of our night stands. . . The room is nice. The decor isn't like modern or anything, it is just like any ordinary hotel room.
As of oct 1st 2012 all of the total rewards hotels charge $25 for checking in b4 3pm :-( SUCKS! I arrived about 12 noon yesterday (after staying at Bally's 2 days :-) ) & asked if my rm was ready. The lady at the frnt desk advised me of the brand new policy, regardless if they had rooms ready or not. I decided to keep my $25 for gambling, so I left my luggage at the bell desk. Cool. I came back for my luggage at 2:45 & got in line to get my rm key (the lady b4 had pre-registered me) when I got 2 the frnt desk the lady told me my rm wasn't ready! REALLY? Needless 2 say I was a bit pissed off, I said "you don't have anything available? I just picked up my luggage. I have to come back? Why can't u just get me another room?" The lady reluctantly said "let me check." She did get me a room, but why did I have 2 ask? Their customer service needs a bit of polishing!!! They gave me rm 1411, it was very nice (eddie murphy themed), very modern furniture & huge roman tub. The only thing I didn't like about the room is that the window is very small so it doesn't get much light. On a good note, the bed was oohhh ssssoooo comfortable & so were the pillows. The bathroom has a seperate glass shower & the water pressure was oh so welcomed after a long day & no winning :-(  the cocktail waitresses are very pleasant & come around often. I would stay here again (especially since my rooms are comped), but I won't expect friendly & welcoming service at the front desk. Oh.... their buffet is pretty good 2. Although 99% of the desserts are cupcakes, lots of flavors though.
Hotel was alright. The rate wasn't too cheap and it wasn't really worth it in my opinion. I hate that the parking structure is so far away and you have to walk through the Miracle Mile shops. I would recommend people just driving to where Valet/Check-In is and have someone from your group take the luggage while you drive and park. That way you don't have to lug your luggage all over the shops. Once you enter the door that is where the hotel check in is.
Parking: . Valet or Self-Park. The self park parking structure is sooooo far. Terribly designed if you ask me. You would have to walk all the way through the Miracle Mile shops and go downstairs before you get to the hotel check-in.. . Checking in / Checking out:. We got there 30min before the actual check. The guy at the counter said our room was ready BUT it would cost an additional $15 to check in early. Are you serious? $15 for 30 minutes? This place is that desperate for money?... So we sat around for another 30 minutes (along with other guests who didn't want to pay the early check in fee) and sure enough when it was exactly time to check in, everyone came out of nowhere and the line got pretty long.. . As for the checking out process, for some reason our check out on the TV didn't work. So I had to call the front desk and they checked us out there.. . Room:. We got the "Predator" room. I have to say, opening my eyes first thing in the morning to a framed image of Predator on the wall right next to my bed with his creepy face staring back at me is not something I wanted to see. Luckily the bed was comfortable. The AC in the room was a bit outdated. It didn't tell you what the temperature was at. The only option you had was "Hi Med Low" and another switch to make the room cooler or warmer. The curtains for the window didn't really do a good job blocking out the morning sun. Part of the reason why I woke up was due to the sunlight coming through the sides.. . As for the bathroom, it was nice and spacious. Plenty of counter space. There was a separate area with a closing door for the toilet. You had a choice of either a standing shower or a pretty big bathtub.. . Overall:. The hotel room was nothing out of the ordinary. Pretty standard for Strip hotel rooms. Would I stay here again? Probably not.
I stayed at PH many moons ago, back when they were still transitioning from being the ALADDIN hotel (some may argue they still are!). . PH always has GREAT room deals on the off season, which is why I ended up here that fateful weekend. See, I was having my bachelorette party, all of my friends were on a budget, but I really wanted to stay on the strip for my Vegas stay. Enter PH, which had rooms at a ridiculous $20 or so a night. Sold! The rooms are nothing amazing, but they are clean and this hotel is centrally located on the strip. . . However, this wouldn't be my first choice. Part of the fun of coming to Vegas is staying in a really cool, really swanky hotel and PH just isn't one of them. It is the practical and economical choice, if there is one, in Vegas.. . Would come again.
I stayed at this hotel on my last trip to Vegas. I have mixed feelings about this place. First off my friend picked us up from the airport and we parked in the parking garage. Holy cow! I seriously lugged my luggage across the mall! Really?!?! Whoever designed the hotel didn't think it was important to put the garage near the front desk!! Annoying! Second, the front desk folks are jerks! Requested one king bed non-smoking and when we got there, there was nothing available with our request. What's the point of making reservations?!?!?!? Annoying! The person helping us was a douch bag didn't try to accommodate us just basically told me that's all they had smoking rooms. Eeewwww. He ended up giving me a non-smoking handicap room with two queens. Guess that's was better then nothing. . . On a brighter note I actually really like the hotel casino. It's pretty nice and clean. Love that it doesn't smell like heavy cigarettes. Love all the lights and the colors they used to decorate, really pretty. I also love how PH is in the middle of the strip we were able to cross and go to the Cosmo. PH also had some really stores in the mall. It also had really good Restaurants like Earls and Pinks. Overall experience was good but not as great as other hotels.
This review is for the casino and buffet only, as I never stayed in the rooms.  The location is good, in the middle of the action.  It's pretty modern and newer, it seems, but there is kind of a lot of filth in the casino.Not in terms of trash, but rather in terms of hoochiness.  Like I would NOT go here with my 65 year old mother at night.  I would be too embarrassed of the half naked cocktail ladies and dancers.  Not everyone is into that sorta thing.  The buffet was good, though.  It wasn't extremely huge or fancy, but I would visit the buffet again... probably during lunch, rather than dinner.  I imagine the casino environment wouldn't be as risque during the day.
Stayed here recently for the second time, as far as the rooms go, they are big, the bathrooms are nice and the beds are not bad at all. They are also neat that each room has some movie memorabilia in them. Another positive is they are pretty center of the strip so its convenient. Also they seem to more geared to the younger crowd if thats what you like. . . A couple of negatives was the first they have added a new fee, the early check in fee of $15. We got here around noon and when we were checking in they said they had rooms available and then told us about this fee. It's ridiculous when they have the room ready, I could understand if say they don't have any rooms ready and it's a fee to get you a room right away then fine, but if rooms are ready then it just seems like a fee to rip you off. Also you pretty much have to pay for it because after you get done tipping the bell desk who stores your luggage and retrieves it later your pretty close to the $15 anyways.. . The second thing and the most annoying thing is these people the have at the exits in the mall area by the casino trying to sell you time shares, or whatever they sell. The seem to get pushier and pushier each day, one I told I was was not interested and he kept a step behind me the whole way to the door practically yelling at me the whole time. . . I do like the location and rooms, but these two annoyances makes me consider not staying here in the future.
Meh.  I think the whole place is a bit too synthetic for me?  Plastic?  I dunno.  Didn't seem real.  Although, there were a lot of people my age there, which was cool (30-something crowd).  If you're single and on the prowl, perhaps this is the place for you.. . I'm only giving it 3 stars, though, because I have terrible gambling luck here. Ha!
As far as the hotel portion is concerned, this is a tremendous value to stay here.  The casino is a nightmare.  I'll get back to that.. . The employees and service at this hotel is really superb.  I ordered room service one evening and there was a knock at my door less than 15 minutes later.  Excellent!. . Front desk check in had a long line but moved quickly and the employees behind the counter are the best I've seen.  Very helpful and pleasant.. . Make sure to ask for king bedroom and don't settle for two queens.... Even if you're anxious to get your Vegas stay started.  The King bedrooms are great.  The linens are stark white and comfortable.  Similar to a Hampton inn if you've stayed at one.. . 50" flat screens on the wall make it easy to view the tv from the bed.  The desk and chair are very nice also if you're here on business.. . Hungry?  Go enjoy one of the best Rib Eyes I've ever had at their steakhouse, Strip House.. . The casino is a nightmare and caters to the 20 something crowd.  VERY loud and the blackjack dealers wear lingerie... not my thang.. . Also, all the gambling in the evenings is expensive.  You won't find a $5 table here.  Nor will you find a $10 table.  They start at $15 during the week and $25 on the weekend.  . . Stay for the rooms, gamble somewhere else.
The outside of this hotel is very nice. The casino is modern too. Other than that I wasn't impressed with the hotel. The room I stayed in was old and looked like they took the old Aladdin hotel and added a Hollywood theme to it. The only thing I liked about the room was the big bath tub. The shower had a bit of rust in it. The bathroom only had one sink. The alarm didn't have an ipod dock. The bed was for the most part comfortable but it was a bit sunk. This is supposed to be a luxury hotel and I didn't think it really was. I highly recommend the Earl of Sandwich restaurant there though.
We decided to head to Las Vegas for NYE and wanted to be in the middle of everything and had to settle on Planet Hollywood, we were trying to get into Paris but they couldn't accomodate us for one of the 3 nights we were staying we ended up booking a room next door at Planet Hollywood. The theme is different, it's more for the younger crowd who like club like atmospheres. Our room had a movie theme to it with a couple pictures and ornamentation. The location of the hotel is great and is definitely right in the middle of everything on the strip, location wise it's an A+. It's easy to get around walking and there's walk ways connecting all the blocks. . . I would give them a 4 star because of service and location but the 3-stars is due to room quality and getting a smoking room when we requested a non-smoking one. We had to stay in it one night as we requested to have our room changed as soon as possible then they moved us up to the 8th floor the next day. . . We kept requesting a nicer room especially for spending $$$ for 3 nights on NYE weekend. and we just wanted something just a little nicer and were supposed to get one on the 25th floor but later said we didn't get it after telling us we could have it. Had we gotten a non-smoking room and a nicer room that was mentioned to us, it would have been a perfect stay.  You want to ask for the red room and better, the others are worn and tired. I've been to Las Vegas many times and the room was a bit pricey and under par for the measure. However we had a good time going to shows and experiencing NYE on the strip and nice restaurants in town.. . The parking is very confusing, we had trouble just finding the valet but the service and staff were top notch. They are nice, friendly, and helpful.. . Food: The Mexican restaurant inside PH is pretty good, the Sunday Champagne Brunch is excellent and costs about $32 per person. The normal buffet is around $20 and the breakfast one is just OK, however their dinner buffet has gotten some good review, we didn't eat there though. We visited some really nice restaurants around town. There's also a burger restaurant that has Gordon Ramsey's name inside and a Starbucks in the lobby and upstairs. There's also a couple other eateries inside as well as the shopping mall.. . Planet Hollywood also opens up into the Miracle Mile shopping center, lots of shops, some good art galleries, it's great you can get in there directly from the casino. They are also part of Pet Stay so are pet friendly.. . Overall a good location, mediocre rooms for the price albeit we were there on a busy weekend. We ended up at other hotels more often and spent more time away from the hotel than in it.
I've stayed at PH twice and even though on my birthday weekend, we coincidentally got a room with Star Trek memorabilia (I'm a huge Trekkie, so imagine my excitement), both trips were pretty terrible.. . First time, I ended up in the hospital (had nothing to do with PH) and the second time, I spent a good hour or two wrapped up in one of our bed's comforters, crying to my friends in the hallway outside of our room (probably the most dramatic Vegas trip thus far). Even though both times, there was absolutely nothing wrong with PH, the mention of PH still brings back bad memories.. . With that said, I feel like it's unfair to rate them poorly, so based on the hotel itself, I have no complaints! I mean, come on, Star Trek memorabilia?! I was so excited when my friend pointed it out when we were settling in. Both times, we stayed in a Hollywood Hip Room and the beds were pretty comfy.. . Plus, Earl of Sandwich is located inside PH and anytime you're hungry (seriously, it's open 24/7), you can go down and grab a sub! Since our friends are Diamond members, we also don't have to wait in the horrendous line to order.. . 3.5
Overall: This hotel is just that A-okay. I had requested a king non-smoking room and when I went to go check in after the 3pm checkin time, I was informed that all they had available was a king smoking room so I said okay. So I went up to my room and was pleasently surprised to find that the room didn't smell like smoke at all which was nice. i had a room on the 6th floor which gave me a view of the roof of the mall I believe. But hey I was not going to be in the room all that much so hey not everyone can have a great view in life. One thing that did suck was that if you don't use valet then you have to walk all the way through the mall with your luggage to get to the reservation/ check in desk which is annoying. However it is on a great location on the strip. Easy to get everything you need. . . The room: The room was decent sized nothing super spectacular about the room. I had an indian jones themed room which was nice to have Harrison Ford looking over me as I slept. The bed was okay comfortable and clean. But the best thing about the entire room was the oversized bath tub. I don't have one at home so I took advantage of it almost everynight. . . The casino is a decent size, I didn't gamble much so. The mall is a nice attachment which provides you with shopping oppertunities and fast food options right at your fingertips. I ate at a restaurant downstairs called Yolo which was actually pretty good. . . I would definatly stay here again if I can find as good of a deal as I did this time.
It's an Ok hotel room. Not very clean. I walked to the door to find a dirty wine glass and a safety pin on the floor. God only knows how long it's been since they vacuumed the floor. The view is fantastic and the bed is decent. I checked for bed bugs and did not see any. The bathroom is large with a stand up shower and a soaking tub. The hair dryer is a regular Conair 1875 watts. It is not an ion or ceramic dryer.  There is no fridge unless you tell the front desk you need one for medicinal purposes and they won't charge you. Otherwise there is a daily charge. There is also a daily charge for wifi $13.99 but if you go to the Starbucks it's free. . . The hotel location is perfect and in the middle of everything. The gentleman at hotel registration was very nice and accommodating. He gave us a complimentary upgrade with a view of the strip but it was located right next to the elevators. Room 3517 was very conveniently located and noisy if you have partyers on your floor or if you are opposed to hearing soaring winds from the elevator banks. If you are interested in getting some bottles of liquor there is a convenient ABC store located in the mall. Do not go to Walgreens, it is such a ripoff. The rooms definitely need some updating.  At night the pleasure pit turns lively with a bunch of girls gyrating to the clubby like music.  On weeknights, there are several prostitutes hanging around the elevator banks looking for some action.  . . The mall is the best part of the hotel.  It is very nice and very convenient if you only need to grab a quick bite.  The best is Earl of Sandwich, this is a definite "Must visit" and so is Gordon Ramsey's BURGR joint in the casino.  Now that I've tasted the hell's kitchen burger, I will probably hate all others.  Reviews for those eateries on my profile as well. . . We can't really complain that much since we only paid $90 a day through Priceline for this conveniently located hotel.
This is one of those Casino's that magically popped up. Vegas is such a crowded strip that when casino's get built they are usually large, gaudy and everyone knows it's coming. Now granted I used to come to Vegas 10 times a year for years. I also took quite a bit of time from vacationing here and so by the time I got to stay here it's was established. Caesars has historically been known for shopping in Vegas, but the Miracle Mile of shops gives them a run for their money because of the variety and that all the shopping isn't just for women or fashionistas. I actually found some cool shops and not just a bunch of brand name designer shops predominantly patroned by women. . . Over the years my love for poker has died and I no longer play, except for ideal situations and Vegas isn't one of them. My love for craps has also waned, but my blackjack is in my blood and I still enjoy playing it, especially here. For me it's not the amount it's the vibe. Yea I usually stick to smaller amounts, but I don't mind the min amounts because I like the ambiance. The waitress' aren't any nicer, faster or better, but the feeling I get when playing here is something special and I make a point to play here when I'm in town. . . The rooms are a little too themed for me. They are large and comfortable the 2 top priorities, but aside from sleeping and getting ready I spend very little time here. It could be cleaner, but it was acceptable. Since it's right on the strip and in the middle of it the room views are excellent. The hotel itself isn't towering so most rooms are pretty easy to get to and I can make quick trips outside  easily. I find the room pricing to be a bit much with few specials. I get flyers and e-mails from many of the other larger casino's frequently, but not here. I no longer drive to Vegas and this being in the middle they will try and gouge you to get here, unlike some of the southern casinos. . . Gallery is a nice club to go to as a backup or if your able to go early to a better club and come here afterwards. It's the old Prive club revamped. I actually prefer coming here Thursdays versus weekends which can get packed, since the music is better than imo. Something I think all Vegas Clubs need to consider is the specialized music will draw more people than a new name or a new design. Will review separately as well.. . As gimmicky as much of the hotel and decorations are if you stick to the table games areas you'll enjoy yourself. All slots areas are equally boring at all casino's, but leaving my room and going to the table games has an excellent view and vibe. . . Spice Market is the buffet. It's not the biggest, not the best, not the more varied, but what is does have is diversity. As the name suggests they do quite a bit of ethnic foods here like curry, cous cous, KBBQ, Kabobs on top of the usual's. Price is ok, cleanliness is good, service is excellent, but the variety reminds me a bit of a global food court. Crab legs pre split is a real plus, but they could be fresher. No lobster though. Will review separately as well.. . It's not the biggest or the best or the nicest or the newest and I almost want to give them 4 stars.
It just seems so unfair to compare PH to the likes of the Venetian and the Cosmo, but it's definitely not a bad hotel. . The best part about this is that it has a popular casino with a lot of reasonable minimums.  This would be the place to go for lots of $15 and $10 minimums.  And of course, PH is connected to the wonderful Miracle Mile shops and Earl of Sandwich.. . The rooms themselves aren't bad and pretty spacious ... but for the price, you'd expect a little better quality.  It's one of the older hotels, so I guess there should be some leniency ... but with such a grand hotel like the Cosmo right across, it's hard to not compare.. . If you want convenience with somewhat moderate pricing, this is the place to go!  . . Stayed here many times and can't complain too much :)
After 6 months of fighting with Planet Hollywood, they finally issued me a reimbursement check for the money that was stolen out of my wallet. They wouldn't admit liability for their security guard being the culprit, but are we really surprised? I'll raise them one star for the good gesture...maybe they really do care about customer service?
Rooms were clean, kinda smelled  like mildew in entry. . Staff very nice.. My 1 complaint was, after gambling for several hours and losing $600. . I asked for a buffet voucher or something of that effect. I was told I had only earned $1.37 in credit. WTF?????
Good hotel. Convenient bc it was in the middle of the strip, kinda. (Local hotels were the Cosmo, Bellagio, Paris, Caesars palace) Earl of sandwich and Fat Tuesdays are in this hotel as well. So that was a plus. Yolos Mexican grill was also located in the hotel. Id stay at this hotel again :)
Good hotel in a perfect mid strip location. You're close to everything and attached to the giant Miracle Mall shops where there are lots of places to eat and drink (and I suppose shop if you enjoy that sort of thing). The casino is okay but not huge, they do have Earl of Sandwich on the casino floor of you want a quick and tasty meal day or night.. . As for the hotel, the rooms are adequate but starting to show their age. They have a new large flat screen TV but then there was a weird chunk missing from the bathroom door so it's a little hit and miss. The beds were comfortable and there are movie props in the rooms which is unique. Beware that they seem to love to nickel and dime you here, they only had rooms available at 1pm for a 3pm check in if we paid a $16 "early check in fee" and Internet was $13.95 a day so be careful not to use it unless you want to pay.. . Great location and I'd stay here again if the price were right.
Slightly aging rooms and carpeting in the planet hollywood and our particular room had lots of ambient lighting that was non-functioning, however the bathroom had a fabulous large bathtub which made for a great soak after a long day. Our bed was quite comfy too.. . It's location is really convenient, it has lots of dining options within or nearby and the Miracle Mile shops which is great. The hotel does a pretty good job of keeping the air fairly un-smokey. . . With so many really cool options, this hotel was just fine, but lacks the something special that I want when I go to Vegas.
The decor was nice & the hotel is centrally located on the Strip. The Miracle Mall was pretty big and had the "Beverly Hills/Hollywood" feel to it. It was kept very clean and had beautiful chandeliers throughout the hotel. They do have plenty of Planet Hollywood stores for purchase for Planet Hollywood fans.
My fiance and I stayed here during the summer- when we arrived they offered to upgrade our room to a fountain view for a "small fee" and we agreed of course thinking it was a good deal. Our room was nice, our bathroom was WONDERFUL, our view though... was not very good. Even "upgraded". Our window was the SMALLEST window I have ever seen in a hotel and we could barely see the fountains. Our location was awesome though, I loved how all the shops were right there and we were smack dab in the center of the strip. That was definitely worth it. Room service was okay, the front desk wasn't very accommodating however. We wanted to check out an hour later than normal because of the time of our flight home- we were told that they had no idea if it was okay and to call them the morning of. We asked what time would be best to call- again they couldn't tell us. We wound up waking up at 6am to call and see- they gave us an extra half hour. I was grateful because they did not have to give us a late check out, but at the same time they were a little ridiculous about the whole thing. All in all our stay was very pleasant but there were things I would have changed.
The place looks amazing since the name change from Aladdin, the parking garage entrance is still crappy though. The place was busy for a Presidents weekend, maybe the recession is over...Right
My friends and I took a girls trip to Vegas and booked the room far enough in advance to get a really good rate for 3 nights. The themed rooms were neat, most restaurants were good and the attached mall were really great. . . It wasn't the cleanest or nicest hotel room but I would definitely recommend it if you're looking for a room in a good location.
Planet Hollywood is mediocre at best. When I booked my room months in advance, I requested a non-smoking room. When I checked in, my room was definitely not smoke free. I called down to the desk and they said that was just a preference and they don't guarantee smoke free rooms. This is unfortunate.. . Other than that the room was fine, it had a big bathtub which was nice and the bed was comfortable. I ordered room service two mornings and the food was fast and really good. . . It's location on the strip is really convenient and the rooms are pretty affordable. The staff was really friendly and their is a starbucks on the ground floor.  Gordon Ramsay's BurGR is also in the resort which is absolutely delicious.. . Internet is 13 dollars a day, could have done without that extra charge but since I was there for work, it was unavoidable. . . Overall, Planet Hollywood is fine but there are other hotels in the area that will probably get you a better bang for your buck.
Stayed here a few times. would like to give 3 1/2 stars.. . Pros:. - Location is prime. -Attached to a mall. -Many good restaurants. -Peepshow was amazing ( I hope Holly Madison returns). -Surprisingly quiet and comfortable beds. -We had a suite upgrade (Bellagio Fountain view)  . . . Cons: . -The rooms could use a little refreshing. When we stayed here 3-4 years ago everything was brand new. Now its looking a little dingy. . -Pricey. -The Mystery of our door being open with the lock out... A little scary.. nothing was missing from our room.. . I still like PH but think I will try somewhere a little more upscale next time.
good place if the price is right its centrally located and it has the best sushi restaurant KOI
I don't get the hype.. I was pretty excited to check out the Planet Hollywood, as it seems to be the go to place for young Hollywood celebrating their 5 minutes of fame.. We didn't stay here but walked around for awhile checking everything out.. Honestly, not too much to see, its pretty small, average shops, overpriced food, the usual.. There are better places to be on the strip, its fine but nothing special.
Nothing special, but has some strengths. . . Younger vibe. Miracle Mile. Earls. On the Strip. . Need to upgrade the shower faucets. Makes a huge difference.
I stayed here while on my bachelor party last week.. . The hotel room was great with a very comfortable bed. It was spacious with a flat screen TV.  They also offer check out through the TV which was pretty helpful on the morning of check out when i had a huge hangover! . . Each room has memorabilia from a movie in it which is pretty interesting. . . The only downside was the shower. The water pressure was pathetic. Probably not an issue for  most people but what can i say, i'm a shower guy. . . There was no Do-Not-Disturbe sign in the room which meant house keeping did wake us up early.. . The location is perfect. Why we stayed here in the first place and probably the main reason i'd go back!
I DIDN'T STAY AT THE HOTEL: This is review for the Pleasure Pool. . We went on Saturday afternoon from 5pm to a little over 7pm.  My sister and friends were staying here and invited me to the pool with them so i came we went to the pool the left side with the music was packed and we couldn't find any where to sit so we decided to go to the right side i noticedthey had cabanas  so me and my sis and friends decided we should get bottle service and a cabanas so we go up to the cabana service and this nice girl helps us and one of her employees and they help get a low price on the left side with all the music because we figured we were gonna want to dance and drink well were in the pool so we go to our cabana and we wait for our bottle service which take 20 mins the girl just drops it off then leaves so we start drinking go in the pool and are dancing having fun then that girl that dropped off the drinks says we have to pay 30$ for gradatuity and my sis and our friend ask why and she tell us that it for that and we are like wtf like we only see you 1 time and to just drop off the bottles stuff and were just like really that's dumb so we paid it anyways but she never asked if we were okay or if we needed anything so it was dumb that we had to pay her 30$ for doing nothing she was rude after that but i am sorry miss i don't get paid gradatuity for doing my job and you weren't even doing your job good at all  job so thanks for picking up a tray and bringing it to us but it wasn't worth paying you 30$.... Someone need top teach there workers how to be a worker not rude . after that though we did have fun the music was whatever kinda old stuff mixed with new stuff but i will come here again but this time maybe get someone else who know how to do a better job at there JOB!. . . end of review/rant
We had a convention at the hotel and everyone was complaining (dark rooms, dirty rooms, bad layout, hard to get around etc ) but not me...stayed somewhere else!   I have been to a few conventions in Las Vegas - This isn't my favorite venue, nor in my Top 10 of hotels - It's OK. 3 Stars!. . - Was able to get a package deal from NorthEast to Vegas across the street for $20 more than conv rate (Im glad I did)
Was awarded this through Priceline.  I bid a 4 star hotel and got this one...I would rate it more as a 3 1/2 star.. . The good:  centrally located on strip, bathrooms are spacious, beds were comfortable and had white tops linens which I love,  . . The bad:  charge $15 to check in early (wish they would credit it back if you check OUT early, which we did 7am!), hallway to our room was dark (red, grey and black, felt like I was in a CSI episode).. . Bottom line, it was ok to have a place to crash, but I would not deliberately stay here again especially if you plan on spending much time in your room.
Big, loud, great staff. Definitely a strip casino. Drinks are expensive, talent is worth it. Great bands in The Extra Lounge.
Middle of the road casino on the strip. Never stayed here but probably wouldn't. Nice that some of the dealers are good looking girls.
I came here last month for my 21st birthday - yes, typical! & yes I was a Vegas Virgin as well.  I arrived at the hotel around 10am and there was a $28 fee for early check-in.  That was fine with me because I just wanted to get situated in the room.  . . The agent who checked us in was extremely cold!  I want to say her name was Charmaine or something like that, but I'm not sure if I'm making that up?  Anyways, I work in the service industry so I have an idea how things work at hotels.  When asking her certain questions, she would ignore me.  I found myself asking multiple times before she would finally look up from the computer and spew out half-assed answers.  I thought once again, fine.  She probably hates her job.. . Onto the room!  I actaully liked it; I found it quaint.  The beds were comfortable and I loved the bathroom.  We had the Brandon Lee room which I found amusing because my boyfriend always makes me watch Bruce and Brandon Lee movies.  That's all the positive I can say about the room.  Everything else you have to pay for, like a fridge?  But I guess that's typical of Vegas?. . On the plus side, I really enjoyed the casino!  I was winning money on those penny slots!  They also had a good variety of games.  The mall was pretty cool too and the hotel was conviently located on the strip.  This little tidbit is the only reason this place is getting 3 stars, and that's being generous.. . All in all, the rooms are nice, but that's not enough to make me a loyal guest.  This place nickle and dimes you and gives shitty service!  No thanks!  I will probably come back soley for the casino.
With so many of the newer, bigger and fancier casino resorts dominating the Vegas strip it is almost impossible to find one that is affordable these days. Having stayed at the Venetian, Aria and many other of the popular swanky casino resorts, the daily resort fees can really make a hefty dent in your wallet. Not so with Planet Hollywood. It is on the smaller size in terms of its casino floor, but the mall located within it may have something to do with it. It was nice to have such a good sized mall right below our room. If you forgot any of your necessities or need drinking water or cheap eats, then this hotel can take care of all that. The rooms were spacious and the decor was current. Each room differs in that they each house different movie memorabilia which was fascinating. There are little details that remind you that this was once the short lived beautiful Aladdin casino hotel. The faucets are shaped in the magic lamp, lol. We would stay here again.
Just one of the great hotels that I visit/stay.. This used to be Aladdin Hotel and Casino.. . Great selection of restaurants with awesome casino.. . The staffs are usually friendly.. Mediocre service.. . The rooms are decent and well-priced.. But since there are plenty of other hotels in Vegas, I'll definitely want to try other hotels.
We ate at the International Spice Market Buffet. We never do buffets. Ever. But I bought a Groupon and you can't beat the free champagne!. . I would have given this 5 stars but we had to wait in line for 1 hour. Listen, I'm a local and I know the food and beverage industry and there was no logical reason why we had to wait 1 hour to be seated when there were only 15 tables in front of us and HALF of the restaurant was waiting to be bussed. There were no bussers!!! It was insane. I wish we could have just cleaned the tables ourselves because it was a joke. Seriously, just put employees on the schedule so your business will run smoothly and not piss everyone off.. . The food was good and our waitress was efficient. My husband did feel a little nauseous after eating the shrimp though.....
We visited Planet Hollywood right after it opened several years ago and were totally wowed.  As is true for most things in Vegas, however, it has not worn well.  For example, the Roman shade in our room was jerry-rigged open with a hanger from one of the closets.  Classy.  All that said, the price was fair, the location was decent.  They just opened Gordon Ramsey's BURGR restaurant, which was pretty good; very generous dinner for two with appetizers, entrees, sides and dessert for $60.. . Expect a younger crowd, and if you're even remotely serious about your gambling, expect that younger crowd to be an utter disappointment at the tables.  They can screw up a game of blackjack without even blinking, and then wonder why the rest of the table is giving them the stinkeye.
The Service is Wonderful, the Theme is Great! The Restaurants are great Too. What sucks is that FAMOUS $25/per day RESORT FEE they seek in on you when you check out. If you are going to fu*k me, I like it from the front...
Pretty good hotel and lots of stores and restaurants.  The nearby mall is very large and attracts a lot of people, as does the hotel too.
We only stayed in Planet Hollywood for one night. . . And I don't remember a thing, except there was no refrigerator or microwave. We had gotten one of the more expensive rooms, and we thought it came with that. Oh well. . . Anyway, it wasn't anything special. The only thing I liked about it was the location, because it's next to and harbors most of the good places to be and eat at on the strip!
Pool was awesome. Sportsbook great. Rooms on point. Best craps tables. Turned 100 into 5100 dollars in 4 hours. Insanity.  Couldn't have had a better trip. Got rooms comped and rooms comped for next month
The rooms aren't high quality. To stay for a couple of days is fine. The shops and casino very convenient.
(PLEASE READ IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT STAYING HERE). . Wont get to deep with my review, but here are some things you should know before booking here.. . Arrived on a Sunday night and stayed unit Tuesday morning. For what I paid it was a pretty good deal. Employees were very nice, the hotel room was a decent size, clean room and nice bathroom. But the biggest problem to me was the parking. When you 1st arrive you can pull up to the valet, drop off your bags and go check in. But the problem with this hotel compared to others is that the "self parking" garage is located in the mall, which is connected to the Planet Hollywood and the walk to and from the casino to the parking garage is maybe about a 1/4 mile walk. So it can be very inconvenient when you have to park in the garage.  So you would think that parking in the complementary valet area would solve that problem and it does, however if and when the valet is full, you have to park in the "self parking" garage. Valet seemed not to be full during the day but if you drove off and returned closer to the evening expect to be taking a long walk back to your room.  The gaming area is okay, kind of small to other casinos and not a lot of variety with the slot machines. Food selection is not that great either but I highly recommend eating at Gordon Ramseys restaurant "Burgr". Excellent place to eat!! Other than that a decent stay but not something I want to go through again. I would recommend look else where unless your on a budget and can get this place at a low rate.
this review is only for the room... . first off, the view was spectacular! location is on point (center of strip). . . stayed in the jacuzzi suite. it was really basic. honestly, i was expecting it to be fancy or at least with a jacuzzi that didn't resemble a plain old tub and one that could hold more than one person. it's ok though. it's vegas! you shouldn't be stuck in the hotel all day long unless you're gambling.  . . hmm.. what i liked about it was its simplicity. there were a few of charlie sheen's belongings displayed. other than that, nothing special.. . the bed is comfy; "clean" is a different story which i'll get to.. no fridge and very little closet space (didn't matter to me; i never use the closet). there are no locks for the bathroom doors. *take note if you're rooming with others.  their shampoo and body wash sucked, but it's all good.. . comforter was nasty!  a certain area of it smelled like B.O. haha and i didn't notice it til i woke up the next morning.. i know for a fact it wasn't me or my husband. we don't smell 'that' bad when we sweat! i threw it onto the carpet and saw shredded chicken underneath, like someone was eating a taco and used the comforter as a napkin. what!. . for that reason i'm going back to never trusting hotel comforters.  they probably never change them.. . i forgot to mention that the walls are thin so you can hear your neighbors' conversations. we kept our  DO NOT DISTURB sign on & twice i woke up to the housekeeper's entrance (attempted entrance as the deadbolt lock was on). they're really noisy in the morning. . . overall, ph was alright. got the room comp for five nights (thanks to ma uncle) so i can't really complain. we ended up staying only for three nights though...cuz i was complaining. lol.. . i'll stay here again only if i really have to.
If you're looking for value, this place is great. I've stayed just about everywhere in LV and I usually recommend this place to people who don't want to spend a fortune. Rooms are priced decently and I'd rate them slightly above average for a standard strip casino hotel room even though the rooms, halls, elevators, etc. are really showing their age. Best thing about this hotel is the location. There is more to do in this section of the strip than any of the other parts. What you save in cab fare will make up for the price difference between this place and somewhere like Excaliber, Flamingo, Harrahs, etc. The miracle mile shops are on average much less expensive than the shopping at nearby hotels (Bellagio, Crystals @ City Center, Cosmopolitan...you get the point). There is a nice selection of restaurants in any price range with convenient access to the higher end restaurants in the adjacent casinos. The two ABC stores in the miracle mile are nice to stock up on booze without paying gift shop prices or round trip cab fare to a liquor store. It's not as convenient as one might think to just leave the casino and head to the liquor store to pick something up without having a car.
I've been a fan of PH since the first day I stayed there a few years ago. My husband and I like to stay there when we go without the kids because its more of a party hotel and is pretty much in the middle of everything. Last time we went I was a bit disappointed. We had a room facing the strip but what good did that do when the windows were caked with dirt not only that but our room wasn't very clean and the hallways looked dirty with lifted stained carpet and chiped paint. That was a little disappointing, there was lime and rust around the faucets in the bathroom which I get happens but I rarely see that at nice hotels. The staff is always really nice and always willing to help I just wish the room upkeep was set at a higher standard cause this hotel is one of my favorites.
I was struggling between deciding between 3 and 4 stars, because at the end of the day it is A-OK (if forced), but not 'Yay! I'm a fan.' (whatsoever). I liked it because of the location...very close to Aria and other nice casinos. The rooms were a little outdated, and the bathrooms were a lot outdated. Will I stay here again? No if it's my choice.
Last June I stayed at Elara (old PH West towers) and absolutely loved it. Last week I stayed at PH in the North Towers. The room was nice, the staff was polite and helpful and the location (middle of the strip) is excellent. There are plenty of good places to eat at the hotel and the shopping at Miracle Mile is great. While I didn't gamble much at PH, the casino is adequate. I would've given a 4 star rating if it weren't for one HUGE con...the walk from the hotel room to the parking garage (valet was full 2 nights) is ridiculously far! It has to be the better part of a mile; not kidding. It easily took 10-15 minutes to get to the car as I had to walk halfway around the mall each time. The parking garage entrance to Elara is maybe 20 yards from the elevators. Won't be staying at PH again.
Stayed at PH last week - Great rates if you research. Hotel was nice -- very loud club like atmosphere, so if you don't like this, this would not be a good place for you to stay. Room was clean, a/c was not working, but they fixed. I would score higher, but the shower had someone else's hair clinging in it.
We had a reasonable stay at PH.. I booked PH because of the excellent experience a couple of years ago, finding out that things were not all as good as remembered.. . Room was ok, could have been a little cleaner.. . Biggest bummer was that they were charging extra for almost everything!. Not even talking about te $20 a day resort fee.. They charged $24 a day for my two year old son to sleep in the room!. The resort fee included wifi for only one device per day. Each extra phone/ipad/laptop: $13.99 a day. . I booked the room including a continental breakfast which turned out to be a $18 a day credit at the hotels Starbucks.. The check-inn guy told me is was $9 per person, but when I told him there were three of us (having paid $24 a day for my son) he changed his story to $18 max per room per day. Turned out to be used for coffee and pastry only....(fruit and yoghurt turned up on bill). Arriving at 1.30 PM after a long trip from Europe, early checkin was another $17 on the bill.. Al together a $44 a night special deal added up to a total bill of over $400 for three nights..... . Location is great on the Strip next to many of big resorts.. . casino was also very nice.. . Will go somewhere else next time.
Our group of friends had been wanting to stay here for a while, and a group of eight (8) stayed here last week for a bachelor party that we had organized.  . . PRO's:. **Location:  All about the location, and this is right in the middle of the Strip.  You are able to walk out and go anywhere from here.  That's always nice.. . **Casino Floor: The biggest strength of Planet Hollywood is the casino floor, as gambling here is really fun.  They had the Pleasure Pit, which has mostly female dealers in sexy corsets at the tables and occasionally dancing on stands in the middle of the table area.  I have no complaints about that... They have plenty of tables to play at, and depending on the time of day, the tables were $5-20.  They have a bunch of the standard video machines, although I didn't find too many video poker machines when I was wandering around.. . **Rooms: The deluxe rooms are a good size, and are set up nicely.  The bathrooms are large, and have a separate door to the toilet, which is nice when you have a bunch of guys in the room.  Beds were OK, I have had better, but also worse.  They have a couple chairs, a small table and desk. Rooms could use some updating.. . **Restaurants: They have a lot of places to eat, from Spices Buffet to the Gorden Ramsey spots you can choose from.  Pink's Hot Dogs is right outside, and you can also go the the Miracle Mile stores and find something in there as well.. . CON's:. **Pool: Our room was right next to the pool entrance, which made for a lot of comings and goings during the day.  The pool is actually very small, and but the pool area is actually huge.  We were able to grab some pool real estate, but this has to be the weakest pool of all the larger hotels I have been at.  I was surprised that there seemed to be so much wasted space where they could only put in lounge chairs.  There was also a family pool, blackjack table and a cafe area where you can order food and drinks.. . **Spa/Gym: Since we were comped, we were able to use the facilities at no charge.  I came down with 5 people to use the gym, and the girl at the front desk immediately gave us the look as if we were trying to sneak in and not pay.  I told her that we had two rooms, and she said that we needed to have all our ID's, and they had to match the room names.  Seriously? We had to go back to our room to grab our ID's?  No thanks mean a** b****, we'll skip it.  . . Fun to gamble at, but I may be trying a different hotel next time since there are so many choices with the Total Rewards players program.
Three stars because the casino is a little small.  Pool area seemed lame.  Miracle mile shops were awesome!  My room was nice sized, definitely book a resort room, but it had old plumbing sounds and also shower had a tough time draining. Had a good view of strip. The shops and location are what makes this casino
Nice Hotel,Nice Staff,the Pool Party is Awesome......
So, we get to Planet hollywood and decided to self park the car instead of valet. Wrong choice. Parking is all the way in the back of the hotel behind all the shops and another hotel. We had to drag all our luggages through the mile high shops. When we finally got to what we thought was the hotel, nope we were wrong. Apparently half way through the shops, is another hotel called elara Hilton, or something like that, but no where is the name posted. After finding we were at the wrong place, we than dragged all our luggage to the front of the mile high shops, where the casino was located, through the casino and down some stairs to the desk check in. . The lady who checked us in was nice, but when we asked about parking because we didn't want to drag everything back upon checking out, she said the only way was valet. Basically. They want you to use their valet or you're screwed.. . After waiting forever to be checked in, we finally get to our tiny tiny room in which there was supposed to be a view, which we got a partial view out of a window 1/3 a size of any regular Vegas hotel window. The room was so small the bed took up over half the room. It wouldn't have been so bad had the room been spectacular, but you could tell its had better days.. . The stay was ok. Nothing special. We made sure to valet anytime we took the car out.. Not going to completely rule out the hotel, but it won't be a top choice.
I share a love and hate relationship with this establishment. Yes cosmetically the hotel appears updated and modern, but the rooms are out of date and have a list of cosmetic flaws and non functioning equipment inside of them. . . This hotel shares a plethora of culinary locations such as: BurGR and Earl of Sandwich - among theseveral Starbucks scattered throughout the entire establishment. The nightclub Koi seemed to have a decent line on Saturday and the deejay was decent from what I could hear - mainly EDM blaring. . . As for the floor, the gambling tables offer the normal selection of game options; however, this location felt the need to constantly ID all of us everytime we sat down. They even denied gaming to a buddy of mine who's ID expired a day before during our weeklong trip - they practically made him out to be a bad person for not having an up-to-date ID but still we were unquestionably served alcohol the entire day. The slot machines are decent, and mostly penny machines with up-to-date features and games.. . We choose to stay at PH for an evening during our weeks stay and was unpleasantly surprised by our experience. Initially we placed into a "Good Will Hunting" suit on the West Tower facing the back of the Venetian, until we had our privacy impeded on by a "member" of the staff. Without announcement our door opened and a man stared at us as my friends and I were drinking and preparing for the evening. To make matters worse his reply was simply "I am just making sure everything was ok...?" Wait... you do not knock and open a door to do a check on the room and it is unannounced who you are? That experience scared us so much we went to the front desk, checked out of the West Tower and was comped into a mini suite on the Northside facing the strip. The upgraded room shared a handful of cosmetic chips on the furniture and scratches on the walls and particle boards falling off the wall on elevators. Our new tower also included two floors of broken ice machines, and a in-room television that would not turn on but was a decent room to be comped into based on our experience.. . Regardless of our experiences, I still enjoy the PH just believe that it is a sub-par hotel experience trying to keep up with City Center and the Cosmopolitan. The vibe here is generally younger tourist. 3 Stars.
Hmmm... This is a tough one.  The facility itself is huge and beautiful.  Great stores in the mall area and very clean.  The rooms are nice, roomy, and super comfy bed.  I give the room and bathroom a 4 for sure.  Now the gaming, sigh.  I mean, I should have known when the casino was dead that the tables and slots were super tight.  Couldn't win a dime over 3 days.  So.  The casino part gets a 2.  Thus, rating of 3.
Modern style with funny lights.. Room was clean and nice, but small.. . Location is not bad and prices are just OK - could be better though. Wifi is not complimentary what a shame! We stayed there many nights, I thought they would be nice and offer us Wifi, but no.... . I will not return there because I found their service unfriendly in general.. Other hotels we stayed at were much nicer. It's not like you have a limited choice of hotels on the strip :-). . I did not like their casino's atmosphere. I was freezing there. And too overwhelming in my taste. Girls dancing on pole bars a bit everywhere. Nice if you like it but it was "too much" in my opinion. They could remain a little more classy. . . Anyways... Nice place to stay but definitely not my fav.
I stayed here on a Saturday night for $250 without a strip view. The resort fee is $20/night and checking in before 3pm costs $16. I thought the room was fine but not nice enough to make it worth that price. For $100 less, this hotel would be 4 stars for me. The Hollywood Hip room is just a regular room. It was clean and the beds were comfortable. The bathrooms were also clean and have a shower as well as a bathtub. We ran into no issues during our stay. It is a hassle to walk from the parking garage so you should just valet. The benefit to this hotel is that since the Miracle Mile shops are inside, you have plenty of food choices. It is also probably one of the best prices you are going to get for being central to the strip, but I would rather pay a little bit more for a way nicer room at Aria, Cosmo, or Vdara.
I stayed at PH for 5 nights in late October 2013 while attending a conference in LV.  When booking, I indicated that I would be arriving late at night and that I would like a non-smoking room.  When I arrived around 11pm to check in, I was informed that there were no more non-smoking rooms because I was so late (umm, I indicated that I would be checking in late and also booked a non-smoking room?)  I told the rep that I have allergies and cannot be in a smoky room and she left me standing there for several minutes while she talked to her manager and then came back and miraculously, a non-smoking room appeared, although a handicapped room.  . . Besides this annoyance with checking in after a 5.5 hour flight, the experience wasn't so bad.  The room was very spacious, bed was comfortable and the TV was good quality.  My room was kept clean with the towels and toiletries replaced on a daily basis.. . The gym was a bit of a disappointment.  The spa area itself is lovely, beautifully decorated with extras like lemon water, coffee, tea, fruit and juices.  However the gym equipment is outdated and on its last legs.  Two ellipticals that I tried made loud noises and were wobbly.  The stair climber shorted in the middle of my workout.  The exercise ball was sad an deflated.  The gym did serve it's purpose, but definitely not worth the $25 a day.  . . The best part of this hotel is the Starbucks right by the exit- great for grabbing a quick coffee and breakfast before heading out for the day.  I also enjoyed Yolos and Planet Dailies (see separatereviews).
They have a great shopping center. However, the parking garage is quite far and really not convenient if you need to get to your car for something. I do like the shops and all the restaurants they have here especially Earls Sandwiches which are the best sandwiches ever. They have a thundering water show in the mall and it sucks, don't wait for it.
PH was okay, I came here for a 3 day conference. . Pros: Neat and tidy pretty clean  right next to everything in the strip.. Cons: smells like smoke, ( I have asthma).. . Overall it was an ok experience.
We stayed here specifically for the view -- We had a "fountain view" room so we could see the Bellagio, it was great. We could see the Eiffel Tower from our bed. This was the biggest plus of our stay. . . We were happy with the room except that the bathroom doesn't have a fan. Also the safe didn't work even after requesting a fix (we have no idea if it was broken or what, they didn't leave a message or offer an alternative).  Also the tv controls were funky-- couldn't use the remote to turn it on..and the volume went to full blast and it reset to some channel each time it got turned on. So immediately had to hit the volume down button, which then went completely to zero. Ok, so turn it up now. LoL No channel guide, so flip through at least a half dozen casino channels before you can find a real tv station. Oh and the sleep timer button doesn't work. We stayed in cheaper places with much better TVs than this. Geez!. . We didn't get much info when checking in, which is bad service. The clerk scribbled "north" next to my room number which I didn't notice until after proceeding to the South Elevator. Then we had to search for the North ones, which are harder to find (especially on the casino level). We could see a pool from our room but never saw a soul, so we assumed it was closed?? We also would have liked to know that we could get restaurant discounts with the Total Rewards card. Usually those cards are hotel specific for points, and not worth signing up for since I'm not a frequent visitor. But we could have saved money dining there for 3 days. Didn't realize that until the end of day 2, kind of too late. . . The self park was hard to find and a loooooong walk through the Mile Shops. We were glad to be staying near a mall though. We didn't have to drive anywhere if we needed something, Walgreens came in very handy. . . All in all, we don't regret staying here. The view was worth it and was #1 on our list of priorities. But we think we could have had an overall better experience across the street at the Cosmo.
I would call this place a modern Vegas average hotel & casino. It looks really nice and modern, but when you look at everything closely you can tell it's been re-done from a old hotel. The bathrooms and the elevators give it all up. . Their customer service is not the best either. I requested a strip view on a Tuesday they said they didn't have any available. Than a manager got it done. I would stay here again, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
It alright. I stayed here for one night this past weekend. My friends decided to stay an extra night since they won hella money apparently and booked a suite for our group. ( I am getting too old for these yolo's) Anyways when they told me they booked a suite I was expecting a nice ass clean open air, floor to ceiling windows type thing. But instead this one was decorated to look more oldschool darker, older furniture. There was a pool table inside though! which we used as a bed. LOL. . . Nice thing was that there were two bathrooms. For 8 girls this is a plus. But overall the living room area isn't really my type of hotel room that I like to stay in. The decor was dark so I felt like it was a little dirty? But I realize that its an older hotel so its not the modern type like vdara or elara. . . The location is super convenient. Close to earls, pinks hotdogs, fat tuesdays, cosmo (marquee) . . Overall I would be back but maybe stay in a different room. . . Love my friends for yolo-ing and paying for everything though!
UPDATE: I stayed here again, the gaming floor is still good, my room was much better although still could use an update.  Caesars Entertainment is such an A quality place that I think this could be upgraded to not target the low end.
I had to book rooms for a large, multi-generational group for a recent Vegas excursion and we ended up at PH with $55/night rooms. Not too shabby. I went in expecting the fabulousness that was depicted in the Ashton Kutcher/Cameron Diaz overacting-but-i-loved-it-anyway-fest "What Happens in Vegas..." and well, let's just say it was a bit of a letdown.. . The rooms were OK, and granted I've been to Vegas enough times to know that the base room isn't exactly luxurious. For me though, my issues were pretty basic hotel service based. For instance -- toilet makes a loud clunking/shuddering noise after every third time it is flushed. In one of our rooms, the shower - which had fab water pressure - required the mechanic to come up and turn it off. One blowdryer blew the bathroom fuse (which gratefully we were able to fix after a quick confab with maintenance), and the pillows were rock hard. The whole room (Judge Dredd-themed) felt like it needed a good scrub and repaint.. . Also, so much of the hotel is taken up by the Miracle Mile shops, the onsite amenities seemed a little lacking. It's also a real haul through the shops from self parking to check in, so definitely deposit someone with your bags before you go stash your vehicle.. . In all, it's A-OK. In Vegas you get what you pay for, so maybe next time I'll pay a little more.
I stayed here for my b day. when we arrived we where offered an upgrade of 50$ add a night I sd ok why not it's my bday. The room was ok. I stayed in the resort room. the bathroom was the highlight of the room. It had a lot of lighting and two sinks w a great tub. The room was extremely dim with only one light. The mirror was behind the TV. Decent size. the lighting just really bothered me. nice view of the Cosmo and Aria.
If there were half-zies I'll give this hotel a 3.5.. . The room was clean, spacious.  King size bed was caving in a bit, the toilet was making a God-awful sound each time you flushed and the TV was buzzing every now and then too.  They gave us a room that didn't have a view at all, I mean it was overlooking a wall for goodness sake!  If it's not the strip then at least you usually get the other side of Vegas overlooking the city.  We didn't complain or switch the room because we weren't given the option so we manned up and it was all good.. . The staff was friendly, room service breakfast was good.
I've stayed here on two separate occasions.. although the decor and furnishings are very modern the quality of this place is something to consider before staying here. Price - good, fairly low compared to many other hotels on the strip. . Convenience - They've got a mall located same level as the casino and very convenient access to the strip. Earl's of Sandwich located in the casino, adjacent to strip entrance. . Here's the thing about PH that would deter me from getting a room here:. Rooms have very thin walls.. you can basically hear people walking through the hallway late at night/early mornings. Cleanliness of the bathroom is questionable.. one of our showers had black gunk on the shower head. I could see some mold forming on the tiles in the shower and there was a black spot on the floor in the bathroom.. lipstick on our bath tub. Something was up with our room and sheets when I stayed there.. I had chronic allergic reaction to the linens . . Considering the price and location of this hotel, I'd recommend if you're not going to be spending too much time in the room. . Would recommend 7/10
Stayed the night of 12/5 after it took us more than 30 minutes to drive here from Harrahs.  The valet guys were super friendly, and the girl that checked us in in the diamond check-in was great but the girl that stood next to her was very rude.  The beds in the room were comfy but the decor was weird and didn't mesh well.  While playing, I had ordered a drink from Christi (not sure how spelled, but white, glasses, thin, super curly hair). After 37 minutes I went looking for her and she had the nerve to tell me that she had been looking for me ( I hadn't moved at all since ordering the drink) and had brought the wrong drink and tried to tell me that that was what I had ordered.. . Then went to the other side of the casino and was approached by Sandy? and told her what happened when she asked if I wanted a drink, hers was brought to me within 3 minutes, AND she had other drinks too!  She is the reason for the 3 stars.. . There was also a slot attendant (Tony) that was very rude and dismissive.  I don't get why Planet feels the need to be so snobby and uppity with rude employees, yeah it works for the kids that don't spend a lot but won't work for people who actually play.
