Saint Francis of Assisi may be the patron saint of animals and the environment but after a recent visit, I wonder if St Francis neighborhood restaurant in Central Phoenix can live up to it's namesake.. . I'd heard several things about this little restaurant near Camelback road and Central in Phoenix via both Facebook and Twitter, mostly from people who seem to know a thing or two about a good meal. After having stopped in on several occasions I'm ready to share my thoughts.. . The restaurant is larger than it appears from the outside, in fact, you can (and I have on many occasions) drive right past with nary a glance. The parking is terrible but once inside things begin to come together. The decor is modern, funky and comfortable, the staff accommodating, and the menu enticing.. . As I'm a true fan of a good burger (something so simple yet often executed so poorly), I was drawn to the French onion burger with it's promise of applewood smoked bacon, gruyere cheese and crispy onions ($13).. . I've had quite a few "gourmet" burgers in my time and have sadly discovered the only thing gourmet about many of them is the price tag. Having said this, I was a little dubious about what would arrive.. . My (notably) pleasant server arrived with my meal in short order and I was quite pleased with both it's presentation and size, not obnoxiously large but certainly enough to justify the price if that were the only criteria.. . On first bite I knew something was different about this burger, it was perfectly cooked mid-rare, juicy, and the thick, crunchy bacon played well with sweet, slightly salty gruyere cheese. Crispy onions seemed a great addition and added texture and flavor while the bun, and this is important, didn't go all soggy and fall apart.. . Flanked by some of the tastiest French fries I've had in a while, I'd have to give this burger high marks for concept (simple but well executed), texture (not the typical dry OR mushy patty passed off as gourmet), and taste (in this case, exactly what I'm looking for in a burger).. . If you find yourself in need of sustenance on the long road to wherever it is you happen to be heading, make a point of stopping in and partaking in the food and hospitality of St. Francis.
My first visit was on a rainy afternoon after passing by this place twice, trying to figure out the parking situation and dodging puddles I made it inside! I've heard good things about this place so a holiday mixer was a perfect reason to stop in. When I entered I immediately noticed the indoor/outdoor bar area and thought it would be a great place to grab drinks on a sunny afternoon. . . My party had reserved the upstairs loft portion for our mixer and I was very impressed about how "urban" and "hip" yet layed back this place felt. Since I missed happy hour I ordered a glass of Merlot ($10) and snacked on their fingerling potatoes ($6)...mmmmm they were delicious and very addicting. Since it was raining I opted for the pumpkin soup ($6) which was topped with creme fraiche (fancy word for sour cream), croutons and pomegranate seeds. It was creamy, tangy and delish, I almost ordered another bowl. I will def. be back for their jazz brunch or dinner! . . Overall . . Great service . Comp valet . A bit hard to find if your flying down Camelback . Quality food
It kinda breaks my heart to give a 3-star rating to what should have been a 5-star experience. . . Ever since I tried their Pumpkin Soup at a Local First event, I've been dying to go to St. Francis Restaurant. I got all of 3 tablespoons of the soup at the event and I wanted more. It was so good! So when I finally convinced a friend to try a new restaurant on the premise that it should be amazing - surely any restaurant that could produce such a delectable soup had to be amazing in every other way - I was excited. . . It was just the two of us, but we still had to wait for a table. I hate when I see 10 or more empty tables and still have to wait. I assumed it was for reservations, but no one ever filled the tables while we were there. I brushed it off. While we waited, we sat at the bar and ordered a drink. I found the bartender to be a little aloof, but again, I brushed it off again because I had one goal in mind - the soup.. . We made it to our seats (surrounded by many empty tables) and had our order ready. We wanted a baguette for an appetizer, soup for each of us, and then we planned on splitting the Citrus Salad. At this point, my anticipation for the soup is bouncing off the wall. We place our order with the waitress, and she grimaces as I order the soup. As soon as I saw her face, I knew.. . "You don't have any soup do you?". She replies, "No, I'm sorry, it was made this morning, but the chef didn't think it was right, so he didn't want to serve it.". . I must have had an extremely sad face, because she told me she would check anyway. But sadly, there was no soup.. . This is where I am torn. I really admire a chef who prides himself in his culinary creations, and the fact that he wouldn't serve something sub-par is admirable. At the same time, this place has been open for a while now, and I've come to understand that the soup is a standard. Why wasn't it right today? Perhaps the fresher of the ingredients weren't of the quality they should have been? . . We still ordered the citrus salad, and it was good. Small, but good. I would like to go back because seriously, I want some of that soup - still - but what if this happens again?
The good: Meatballs were amazing. Second favorite dish was baked goat cheese appetizer.  Plus the ambience, decor, and even bathrooms in this place are awesome!!!. . The okay: Mushroom Flatbread and Forbidden Rice Veggie Dish were fine but not great. . . The bad: Pumpkin soup and Baguette appetizer were super disappointing.. . Wish the food at St Francis would catch up to its surroundings
The food was great. I had the Pot Roast it was very good. The server wasnt very good. Didnt come around much. It took a while to get a refill on my beverage. I really like the way this place looks. Only think I didnt like was the seating. The table I was at had pews or benches at first it looks cool but we sat on the side that had no back and you were basiclly touching backs with the people seated behind you. So as we finished dinner I got up an acidentally elbowed the person setting behind me in the ribs. That sucked having to end the meal with an appologie to the the person behind me.
I had been wanting to try St Francis for awhile. I don't know if it's because I went in at a random time (3pm on a Sunday) or what but things were sub par. First of all, the menu is really limited. I am not crazy about my diet, but I like a little balance. I couldn't find anything other than a carb on the whole menu! Baked goat cheese with bread, 3 different kinds of flatbreads, bread with dipping oil. Bread, bread, bread.....My friend and I ordered the chicken flatbread which was very tasty. I also got the St. Francis lemonade with the honey infused vodka, which is reason enough to return. It was ridiculously good...I think I had 6. The service was not super attentive and not very friendly either. I think stern would be a good way to describe the bartender. . Anyway, the space is gorgeous and the drinks are strong. Maybe I will go back for dinner when they offer the full menu.
Let me start out by saying you will not be as picky as me and would add another star maybe?. . I really did like the cool swank hip and groovy place and I soon found out this IS a place to be seen and some who's WHO'S of Phoenix area were dining here .. . but now the food..... . We decided to share a cheese flatbread ..it was good like someone make one from scratch in the back yard BBQ but it was a PIZZA and too much food as a starter . If we knew we would have started with a salad instead but the flat bread sounded more fun .. . I had the roasted chicken to me it seemed brined because the breast meat was VERY tasty and VERY moist but it also seemed steamed because the skin stayed white in color and was like rubber and you had to remove it .. The dark meat was undercooked and one part was raw (red) I didn't know at time when server checked on us .. . I liked that my vegetable was brocolini but it was ice cold and just covered up the white chicken being laid on top .. . I did like the parsnip puree it was really like parsnip scented whipped potatoes and it sort went really well with the roasted garlic sauce around the plate but I wasn't thrilled with the chewy farro a few pomagrante seeds garnished the plate .. . My companion enjoyed the Pork Chili Verde with cornbread (but did say the similar one out last week was slightly better). . We'd return
We waited.  Not to be seated, mind you. They led us from the front bar and hostess area promptly through the polished concrete, low tabled interior to a spot centrally located and just right for a two-person confab. . . We talked. We ordered signature cocktails (that we liked). We waited. We ordered food. Thankfully I went with a very good friend and there was much to be said. Eventually, our flatbread arrived and was tasty but nothing to crave.. . It's small, it's lovely, it has great potential. I would go again, but maybe just for a cocktail and appetizer next time...
We just tried this place and it was okay...not fantastic though.  I got a salad.....i probably should have gone with the chile verde.  It was a nice atmosphere and the service was decent....I did think it was a bit overpriced.
The cool setting does not make up for multiple service mistakes (wrong dishes being sent to multiple tables, the wrong dessert being left at the table, etc.). For the price, the entrees are meh. This would be a two star review but the cocktails are good enough to ratchet it up one more star. I want to like this place more but other restaurants in this town are much better.
The Mrs. and I had never been here yet. Her boss was in town and we needed a place to take her for dinner before she caught her flight home. Now normally, we don't like to take someone somewhere we haven't been, but her boss had heard about St. Francis and wanted to go.. . Here's another, "I really wanted to like this place, but..." review. I thought the food was good. Very tasty and decent portion sizes. However, for what you get, I thought it was a bit overpriced. We enjoyed our dinner at a quiet table upstairs, but since her flight wasn't until almost midnight, we decided to hang out for awhile and enjoy a few beverages and catch up. Everything was great until they decided to close the upstairs around 10 PM and they sent our waitress home form the evening. The waiter who took our order was a little snooty and appeared to have other places he'd rather be. Drink refills were few and far between and we thought they were trying to close up. I excused myself to use the men's room and when I went downstairs I was surprised to see the downstairs was still very busy. I'm the waiter would have rather not have had to cover both the upstairs and the downstairs, but we were courteous and tipped well. I'm sure we'll go back and try them again. I really like the ambiance of the patio. It seemed like a great place to enjoy dinner and drinks on a beautiful evening.
***St. Francis has a great dining room and features local ingredients; while the food was not great on our visit, it definitely showed potential***. . St. Francis has one of the best dining rooms I've seen in a long time.  The dining room definitely feels hipster and young, but its design is so much better than other restaurants with a young vibe.  Typically, these type of restaurants (like Animal and Pizzeria Mozza) feel too dark, too loud, too cluttered, and maybe even too ordinary.  St. Francis though presents a very lively and young atmosphere that is really open, warm and with smart design touches.. . We came in late at night, but there was a fair amount of light in the room, which really opened up the room as well as allowed some of their food presentations to shine.  The restaurant featured some great metal tables that reinforced the casual theme.  The booths were comfortable.  The ceilings were highlighted by sharp looking wood rafters (that were outfitted with expertly placed small lights).. . The walls of the restaurant were a nice exposed red brick that really went well with the wood fire oven.  The restaurant also featured big, large windows that actually looked like mirrors.. . The menu (a mix of locally sourced rustic dishes with upscale flair) went very well with the decor.  Unfortunately, the food was not as good as the decor though it did show potential and maybe it would have been better if we had ordered differently.. . We started with the french fries, which were thick and nicely browned.  They looked like carnival fries or Five Guys fries (the kind of fries that go nicely with salt and vinegar).  They are the perfect fries when cooked right because they will be crisp on the outside and hot and soft on the inside.  Unfortunately, the fries here were not that crisp.  A little bit soggy.. . We had a few of their salads.  One was a Caesar Salad with kale instead of romaine.  The kale was quite bitter.  The salad was heavily dressed (maybe to contrast the bitter greens).  The croutons were fresh and good.  The other salad was a mix of romaine with fresh and crisp apples and smoked bacon.  It had a much better flavor and balance than the Caesar Salad.. . We tried a few of the flatbreads.  The flatbreads here were pretty thick and doughy and unlike the crispy and light flatbreads I am more used to having.  We had the chicken flatbread, which was roasted chicken, arugula and caramelized onion.  The caramelized onion made this pizza too sweet.  The pizza was sweet like BBQ chicken pizza so if you like that type of pizza, you may like this one.. . The other flatbread was more of a traditional pizza; it was topped with tomato sauce, mozzarella and a savory and spicy sausage.  The pizza had a satisfying flavor, but it would not stand out against other good pizzas I've had.. . I also had the seafood cioppino, which was shrimp, clams, mussels, white fish, sourdough, and herbs in a spicy tomato broth (finished in their wood fire oven).  I was not a huge fan of the tomato broth.  It had some heat to it, but the flavor was not that distinct.. . The seafood was unevenly cooked.  Some of the white fish was moist and soft while other bits were dry.  Same for the shrimp.  One shrimp was succulent and nicely cooked while another shrimp was overcooked and quite chewy.  The mussels and clams were not that great (they definitely suffered in comparison to what I've had in California).. . We finished with the sticky toffee pudding, which was a sweet date-filled cake on a toffee sauce.  The cake was nicely sweet and somewhat moist though it lacked the consistent, throughout-the-cake moistness of the sticky toffee puddings I've had at Wilshire and Grace.  The sticky toffee pudding was served with sweet cream gelato, which was creamy and refreshing.. . We also had the banana fosters that seemed to be more like banana cobbler than banana fosters.  The dish consisted of banana slices in a caramel sauce.  The bananas were simply warmed up; they were not caramelized or bruleed.  The bananas were topped with a nut crumble and dark rum molasses gelato.  The dark rum gelato was very good.  It tasted like rum and was creamy and sweet.. . Service was pretty causal but pleasant as well as quick and attentive.. . Prices were what you would expect given the restaurant's reputation and the dishes offered.  A lot of the entrees were in the $18-$23 range.. . St. Francis has a great dining room and the food definitely shows potential.  The food on our visit was not great, but if you order right, you could be in for a good meal.  The restaurant has a very local feel, which makes it a good one to try if you are from out-of-town and are looking for something more specific/unique to this area.. . There is an attached parking lot with complimentary valet.
After seeing St Francis on "Check Please, Arizona" we thought we'd check it out with some friends.  Absolutely loved the ambiance and design of the space.  The wrap-around bar to an open air area is beautiful and I really wanted to hang out there all night.  . . The drinks were AMAZING -- way to go bar-keep...my mojito was perfect and the Peartini was my friend's opening cocktail and desert choice at the end of the meal. So fresh and yummy.. . The food for all of us was good...but not as delicious as we had expected.  We got the Meatball dish, French Onion Burger, Pork Chili Verde, and a cheese flatbread pizza.  Started with the goat cheese, which was a lovely starter.  The Burger was the best tasting of all of the entrees.  The sticky toffee dessert was yummilicious.. . We will definitely be back...but more for the drinks and apps during happy hour rather than for a full flown dinner.
I definitely plan to go back to St. Francis, but I think I had VERY high expectations, too high.. . The baked Goat Cheese was good, but I wasn't as wowed as I anticipated; same for the Chicken Salad Sandwich. My favorite part of the meal was the Quinoa side, there was a subtle spice with a slight tang that made it pop.. . Of course I had to try at least a couple of their drinks  too(don't judge me, even if I had two mimosas earlier ;). St. Francis Lemonade: Not all that special, but I loved the Cucumber Cooler. It was super refreshing without any hint of that strong gin flavor.. . The server/bartender was helpful, but couldn't be described as friendly.. . I'll be back, because I think this place really does deserve more stars. I think I may have ordered the wrong things or caught them on an off day.
To be fair, I want to give 2 stars for the service and four stars for the food.  The food is always excellent.  I've been here for brunch (although the pancakes are a bit doughy for my taste, but everything else is top notch) and at dinner regardless if you get the salmon superfood dinner or the goat cheese appetizer, or the steak, everything is delicious.  What is troubling is that the service is so hit or miss.  The girls at the bar were less than friendly, they were busy, but not so busy that they couldn't at least smile a little.  We had a large party and I expected a wait, and wait we did, about an 1 and 1/2.  Ouch.  It was a birthday and they charged for cake cutting which I know some places do, but I wish they had mentioned that it was going to be resort prices to cut the cake.  Sigh.  I'll still be back because the food is simply too good, but it does make me a little sad that I'm afraid to bring another big party or anyone other than a close friend or two who might not hold it against me for spotty service.
Met my super-cool, sweetpie GF here for Sunday brunch last weekend. We were given a 30 minute wait time, so we decided to kill the time at the bar. Spicy Bloody Mary? Yes, please! It was really good. I don't know if it was $9 good, but when in Rome... and within maybe 5 minutes, we were being seated. Yay! . . The frittata was SO good. Ginormously huge, it super tasty delicious. Our server was friendly, prompt and attentive. The space was nice, although our rocking table could have used a matchbook or two. . . Not bad!
The food here is really, really good. . . The restaurant overall has a lot of different places to sit.. . My only complaint is that they were out of half of the liquors/liqueres used in their specialty drinks.
The husband and I headed here for dinner since I had heard so much about it. . . I don't like to read long stories about restaurants, I just want to know if I should go eat there or not, so here goes:. . Hubs ordered the pork chop - it was a big and thick cut, cooked perfectly...the rub was delicious and had a kick to it.. . I ordered the pot roast which was good and I was able to pull it apart with my fork. I couldn't finish it!  The polenta underneath the pot roast was so good - as full as I was, I could have continued to keep eating it had there been more on my plate.. . We shared the sticky toffee dessert which was really sweet but oh-so-good.  . . In the end, our bill came close to $100 (including tip)...the food was good...not fantastic, and definitely not worth $100.  . . The funniest part was when the valet guy decided he wanted to go home, so he came in to the restaurant and went from table to table asking if they did valet, and if they did, he laid out all the car keys and told them to pick their keys because he was going home for the night.
St fancis? Who or what are you? A date place? No too noisy. A gastronomy wonder, no they don't serve beer in a can. So what is it?. . I had a full meal here and I cannot fully place a title. It was noisy, a bit pricy (who charges $2 for bread and olive oil) and not the most filling.. . We stated with the kale and Brussels sprout salad. While it did have plenty of kale the Brussels sprouts were just shavings, it had a healthy dose of a balsamic base dressing contrary to the menu. $10. . We also had the aforementioned $2 bread with olive oil, the menu calls it a baguette but it was sour dough.. . For the mains I had the Salmon super food. Pan seared salmon over a quinoa salad with some edamae in it. The Salmon was nothing special and the quinoa was good. $22  We also had the Forbidden Rice bowl, The rice was mostly sweet and not spicy the veggies were nicely roasted but nothing too special. $13. . Overal a fun diversion but I am not in a rush to go back.
I think St. Francis is great - if you don't pay full price. I've probably been 6-8 times now - once for brunch and the rest of the times at night - and I simply haven't left with as positive of a feeling if I've not been at HH or not ordered one of the more affordable entrees. . . For example, I once went for a friend's birthday dinner and got a fish entree in the $30 range. While it was good, I simply couldn't stomach paying $70 for an appetizer, entree and two drinks. And that was just for me. By the time my husband was factored in, we had spent the kind of money we'd spend for a five-star meal at a nice steakhouse. . . Same goes for brunch. While I can excuse paying $10-$13 for an entree if bloodys and mimosas are under $6, I can't if I have to pay $8-$9 just to whet my whistle. That said, I would probably pay $8 or $9 just for that delicious, succulent cinnamon roll. MMM - calories be damned. . . Anyway, my friend recently introduced me to HH at St. Francis, where you can get their delicious cocktails (the Black Daisy is a tequila lover's dream) for $5 and food items for as low as $4. The Forbidden Rice Bowl (one of my typical choices to save money after that initial fish entree experience) is only $8 and is both exotic and filling. . . There are many who rave about St. Francis and clearly, I like it enough to keep going back, but I just like to pay a little less for it. More money to spend at the tons of other great restaurants nearby!
I have really tried to love St. Francis, but the restaurant just isn't working for me. I've been back a few times, and I have the same mediocre experience each time. Nothing is ever BAD; it's just average.. . The food is the one redeeming quality of St. Francis, because for the most part, everything is really good. I say this based on my friends' opinions because I'm never completely satisfied with what I order. The most recent time that I went to St. Francis, I had the french onion burger, and it was lacking a defining flavor. Something sharp to offset everything else. It was, dare I say it . . . plain. Broadly speaking, the bread is good, the seasonal soup is good, the flatbreads are also (you guessed it) good. I just haven't been given a blown-away food experience.. . I get a little agitated with the seating. I know that St. Francis takes reservations, but it is upsetting when, as a walk-in, you wait for 30+ minutes while many empty tables go unseated during that time. Not just one or two; we're talking five, six, even eight empty tables at one point. I haven't been a hostess for a long time, so I hate mentioning it because I probably wouldn't understand the workings of seating arrangements at a fine dining restaurant, but it's one of the things that always happens when I go to St. Francis. My friends and I wait while many tables remain empty. . . I know that I am outside of the statistical norm with my rating, but I can't bring myself to give any additional stars. And to be honest, I'm not sure if I'm willing to spend any more money to try to give St. Francis the opportunity to earn any additional credit.
Not a bad place....that doesn't sound like a great start but give me a minute.  The place has a good location but too similar to a strip mall front and parking is a pain in the butt.  The walk up bar is the coolest part of the place and the happy hour isn't a bad bet at all but since the drinks were made from someone with Stevie Wonder's eyesight.  The vodka gimlet was pretty bad, I mean it tasted like straight lime juice.  Wouldn't sell someone on this place if there was a better alternative but if you got absolutely nothing else to do.....give it a try.  I would say that the crowd here is in the upper 30's to 50's age demographic.  . I did find that the bathrooms were unique and were given more attention to detail than the menu.
Came here the other day and had the worst service ever. The food was still amazing.
Delicious Sunday brunch food, fresh squeezed juices & jazz!  If you visit on a Sunday ask for a table away from the band.  Love Central Phoenix!!
june 1, 2010 -- service was great, until we couldn't find waiter to clear table and give us our bill...he seemed to disappear. food was good, but nothing on the menu jumped out at us. roasted potatoes needed more salt, and more aioli. asparagus was, well, asparagus. squash blossom risotto was underdone and too salty. the cocktails were great. a very sleek place. very seen and be seen. open door and open bar cause a bit of a fly problem. won't bother going back.
I'm not sure which came first, Postino's or St. Francis but I am a long-time fan of Postino's so the first thing I thought when my family and I went to St. Francis is "Oh, Postino's wanna-be". My opinion wasn't too far off as far as the air of hipster/yuppiness that exudes through the vestibule definitely screams Postino's while you wait for a table but as far as quality of service, you St. Francis, are definitely no Postino's. . . Our server made a major push at the upsell of a combination appetizer and when we agreed to it, he forgot to bring it to us! I had ordered a soup/salad/1/2 sandwich entree for lunch, and he forgot the soup. When he did bring it after being reminded, it was lukewarm. He kept forgetting to bring refills as well. It was like he was in another world. We ended up being comped quite a bit off of our bill because of simple mistakes because what's the point in being served lukewarm soup or an appetizer at the end of your meal? And he was NOT new! I am very forgiving of new servers and this guy kept telling us how he's worked at St. Francis for 2 years and how much he loves it there....so whatever his problem was that day, it definitely affected our meal and our potential to return.. . The saving grace was that the food was really delicious. I had the Del Real sandwich, my son had pig dip, my other "son" had French Onion burger, my "son's girlfriend had the forbidden rice bowl. All were really nicely done, fresh, served at the right temperatures (with the exception of the aforementioned soup), etc. I just wish the service had been better. . . Maybe we'll go back..maybe I'll just go to Postino's. I guess we'll see the next time we are "in the neighborhood."
This is my second time here. I love the atmosphere and friendly, speedy service. The food is pretty good but not phenomenal to me. Many disagree. Give a try and see what you think.
Not a bad spot, however, stay away from their version of the Cioppino if you have ever eaten it in the bay area, specifically San Francisco. The one here has nothing but a few clams, a monstrously soggy piece of bread and something like Hunt's tomato sauce as the broth. I guess the old adage remains true, nothing beats the original. . . Other than that, the risotto was OK and the Cheescake in a jar was amazing. . . Another tip for those that go, park at the bank next door instead of valet usage.
The atmosphere at St. Francis is wonderfully eclectic. The food is more like fine cuisine with the menu offering frequent variations including fresh herbs and vegetables from their own garden. Happy Hour begins at 3:00 and they have tasty drinks unique to them. . . St. Francis is frequently busy which can affect the service and the noise level during the busiest parts of the day. If you go prepared for that you will enjoy your experience.
My wife and I met two other couples at St Francis on a Friday evening. The place was packed and we were seated at the table closes to Camelback Rd and really away from the dinning room. So it was a more intimate dinning experience.. . The service was sloooooooooowwwww. It took about 15 minutes to get a drink. I would expect much better service from a high end restaurant. I had the Romaine Salad, Pork Chop and a desert along with a couple of beers. The meal was a $30 special during Restaurant Week, but somehow the bill came out to about $100 per couple before tip. So this place is a tad pricey. The Romaine Salad was fabulous, I think the tiny real pieces of bacon put this salad over the top for me. As I was eating my homemade breaded pork chops this past weekend, I was reminded how the thick pork chop at St Francis tasted so mundane compared to other restaurants I have patronized. The desert was okay.. . In conclusion,  my taste buds couldn't convince me that I had a culinary revelation.
I was one of the first patrons for lunch, I park in the lot on the side, open the door and walk in...and get fairly rudely told by one of the servers that I've just entered the wrong door and if I would like to go to the front and wait for the hostess, I can be seated. Not the best start to the meal.. . I ordered a bunch of food figuring I'd sample it all and decide if I like the restaurant enough to bring my wife by at another time.. . First I got the hamburger w/bacon and gruyere. By the time it got to me, the bun was completely soggy under the burger. The bread was too soft and porous, and there was nothing between the burger and the bread. The biggest crime here was that the menu said it was served w/an aioli...and it was, on the side. If they had just put a nice thin coat of it on the bun then the juices wouldn't have turned my bun into a fall apart mess. The crispy onions on top were nice though, and the burger was cooked a nice medium. HOWEVER, I also got a side of the fingerling potatos...disaster. They were charred little briquette lumps, which was a shame, because I had really been looking forward to them. Only about 1/4 were even edible.. . Second, I ordered the cheese flatbread, thinking it would be like it said on the menu, flatbread w/cheese and herbs. However they made the mistake a lot of lesser restaurants make, they brought me a pizza. Look, quick easy difference between pizza and flatbread...sauce. If you put tomato sauce and cheese on it, it is a flatbread pizza. If you MEAN flatbread pizza you should say that on the menu. No big, it still tasted good, except again...soggy. Like, fall apart soggy. A shame.. . Third, I went for the cheesecake for dessert. First problem w/this? It took 15 minutes to get my cheesecake. Not even kidding. They weren't that busy, and my server stopped by twice while I was waiting to refill my water. Not once did he say, "hey, that'll be up in just a moment" or offer any explanation. Weird. Second problem, when it finally does come, it is a bell jar with an inch of cheesecake in the bottom, a combination of canned fruit and candied nuts on top of that, and about 3 inches of whipped cream filling the top of the jar. Do you have any idea how hard that is to eat? Ridiculous. I was angry because actually tasted good, but it was so hard to eat!. . In my book, 3 near misses. They're so close to being a really good restaurant, but right now they just aren't there.
I've been there twice for lunch.  The food is good - I don't think I can rave about it like others, but a good, nice, trendy place to take business clients.  The second time we were there my boss had flown in from out of town and the service was terrible - so inattentive.  Drinks weren't brought out, he didn't write down our orders and had to come back and ask what I wanted to eat, etc.  I thought maybe it was because they were busy, but we had a long lunch and the waiter was still MIA even after the rush was over.  My boss had to physically GET UP and find the waiter to give him his credit card so we could leave.  I see I'm not the first to complain about slow service so hopefully it's something they can fix.
One of my friends and I had perused the online menu the day before and were excitedly discussing what we were going to order on the way to the restaurant. The Yelp reviews and pictures had us very excited to try this restaurant.. Our party of 3 visited on a rainy, Friday evening.  We had to wait about 20 minutes past our reservation time, but it wasn't a big deal since we were enjoying the ambiance & conversation in the little foyer.. Upon being seated our waiter, whose name I fail to recall, approached our table with an undeniable energy all his own!!. One of us ordered wine, one ordered a pineapple mojito and I ordered a Red Apple Sangria.  My friend was very disappointed in her mojito, saying it tasted nothing like pineapple.  My Red Apple Sangria was ok.  No real kick or distinguishing factors.  . We ordered the Goat Cheese Appetizer, which I thought was delicious, but my 2 friends were not overly impressed.. When our server appeared to take our dinner order, I excitedly ordered the pumpkin soup and roasted vegetables that I had seen on the online menu the previous day.  I was apologetically told that the menu had changed on Tuesday and my request was no longer available.  I was deeply saddened by this news as I am on Weight Watchers and had planned my day around this particular meal.  I then decided to try the Endless Rice Bowl with Chicken.  I thought it was declicous!  I loved the variety of vegetables and the chicken was cooked perfectly; however, you can put anything in coconut milk, and I will love it!  It was undoubtedly higher in fat & calories than what I had anticipated, but it was worth it.. One of my friends requested the seafood cioppino, which had also been removed from the menu earlier in the week.  She then requested some steak dish, which she found to be too small of a portion and not very tasty.. After dinner, we decided to split a dessert amongst the 3 of us.  We looked at the menu to make certain our choice from the online matched what was on the actual menu.  It wasn't.  We then decided on the carrot cake cheesecake.  Our server returned about 4 minutes after we placed our order to tell us they were out of our requested dessert, but he would buy the bread pudding for our table.. Our dessert arrived hot with a nice presentation, but was not impressive as far as taste went.. So- St. Francis in and of itself is a very attractive little place, with a very ecclectic decor and feel about it; however, it is not a place I willl visit again, as the only thing impressive about it was the outstanding server- Sean?
I'm really not sold on this place. I thought the appetizers that were raved about were average and unexciting. . . I can only recommend the entrees. The pork chop was phenomenal. . . Service gets an A+ as well... . BUT, it was also extremely loud and dark.  I could barely hear the person sitting across from me at our tiny table, and it was too dark to read the menu.. . This was on a Tuesday. Very crowded, and I"m not sure what all the fuss is about.. . If there's a wait, go somewhere else, it's not worth your trouble.. . 3 stars. Nothing great, but not really bad.. . UPDATE:. They also really chinced at Devoured. Only served a salad and a drink. Really did not showcase anything worth going there for.
I wanted to like this place better but I was left wanting.. . My girlfriends and I were going to do a night out and chose this as our destination.  Before we arrived we reviewed the menu on their website and identified what looked good.  Additionally I looked though different reviews here to identify what seemed to be the most popular dishes and what I wanted to eat.  We got there through the pouring rain and were surprised to see that the teeny, tiny parking lot has valet parking.  Why?  I really don't understand the need for valet parking when the parking lot is that small.  Anyway, upon entering I noticed the place is super cute. . . We had a reservation and we were on time, but we still waited a few minutes for our table to open up, which is normally fine except there really isn't a convenient place for more than about 2 people to wait for their table in the lobby area.  So we stood for about 10 minutes doing an awkward shuffle-dance with other people who were coming and going.. . Eventually we're seated and greeted by an outgoing and friendly waiter.  Things immediately went South we when looked at the menus only to discover that almost none of the things listed on their online menu, or even mentioned in the various yelp reviews, were still offered!   I was looking forward to having a pineapple mojito, which our waiter said they didn't offer (despite the fact I saw a clear-as-day photo of one in their Yelp reviews) instead he insisted that the Plantation Tea was what I saw but it definitely wasn't the same drink, not even close.  My friend ordered an apple cocktail, which wasn't even listed on the menu.  We ordered the baked goat cheese appetizer to share, which came out lukewarm, and had a bland, goopy texture that lacked any real depth or zing.  Sadly I see that most people rave about it, so I can only assume ours was a bad batch..?   We didn't even finish it, it was that blah.. . The only entree that I was really looking forward to on the menu was the seafood cioppino, but the waiter said that was one of the things that had just been removed from the menu so it wasn't available either.  Instead I had to go with my distant second choice, a Hangar Steak.  Which at $25 was cooked perfectly, but it was small.  Additionally it was served on a bed of bitter roasted root vegetables and grainy lukewarm mashed potatoes, very disappointing.  My friend had wanted the pumpkin soup (no longer offered) but ordered the Forbidden Rice Bowl instead, which she really liked a lot.. . We ended our night by ordering a carrot cheesecake that was offered on the new menu the waiter returned to tell us that, sadly, it wasn't available that night either.  (This experience was starting to resemble the Monty Python 'Cheese Shop' skit.)  Instead our waiter, who I will mention was as patient as a saint with our growing disappointment over the random menu changes and item unavailability, brought us out a Sticky Toffee Pudding, on the house, instead.  It was passable, but I guess it was just pre-destined to fall flat after all the lukewarm, overpriced disappointment we'd been served that night.  I guess you could say we were just feeling a little bit grumpy at that point over not getting a single thing that we were looking forward to.  Oh well.... . Now, *I* probably won't be back, but I don't intend this review to be a black cloud over this restaurant; it has promise, and like I said it is super cute inside and our waiter was very friendly.  I just think we our expectations were already set high before we got there and when the dominoes started falling in the wrong direction they kept going in the wrong direction and the smallest negative things, like my bitter root vegetables, tiny steak and the bland appetizer, were amplified.  . . While I totally understand that menu changes can't be reflected in old Yelp reviews I'd encourage the management to make sure to update their website to reflect menu changes as soon as they happen.  That way diners, who are finicky and through enough to review the restaurant's website before they arrive, will know in advance what their dining options are and won't be sorely disappointed to discover everything's been changed in the meantime.
I want to apologize because I wanted to love it. . . Its a lovely place to eat on a gorgeous Arizona spring day. Friendy friend Diane and I had a wonderful gabfest and were treated graciously by the server, not rushed out. . . Di had the chicken salad sandwich and she was totally pleased. I had the French Onion Burger and was disappointed. Meat was undercooked for medium rare [and were I not a fan of 'rare' in its truest sense [rather than the current 'omg it causes food borne illness - lets get rid of all color in the burger' rare...] I would have sent it back. The meat is juicy but not seasoned enough [hardly] for my taste. The onions were not 'crispy onions' just barely cooked, bare-naked onion, the bacon/gruyere combo was deevine [I ate it sans the other half of my burger] as was the light brioche bun. I was starving and the side salad was a delicious combination of greens and veggies perfectly dressed but overall I wasn't impressed, especially when the bill came. $17 for a burger and an iced tea. . . Seems hit or miss and I think we had a bit of both.
First time here, and I wish it was better.  I have been hearing about this restaurant from everyone, saying how good it was andhow trendy it became on the weekends.  But now that I think about it, these were all things I heard circa 2011-ish, so maybe St. Francis just isn't what it used to be?. . That being said, I'll just jump right into what I didn't like.  We ordered the lunch special of the day, which was explained as a shrimp salad with mango salsa.  Sounds great, but what came to our table was 4 grilled jumbo shrimp on top of a couscous.  Now this was delicious, we scarfed it up, but if I was on some sort of gluten free or no carb diet, I would have been disappointed when the dish came out sans greens.  We also ordered the Morrocan meatballs, which were seasoned with WAY too much cumin.  It was overpowering.  I like the occasional cumin in Mexican and Moroccan fare, I even use it in my cooking quite often(even on steak and rib rubs) but this was way too much.  My mom and I each had a couple small bites and couldn't stomach it any longer.  I was SO sad, because the dish is on top of large balls of Israeli couscous and covered in melted mozzarella, and the cumin in the tomato sauce just overpowered it all.  Me reject melt-y, bubbling cheese?  Doesn't happen too often.. . It is a cute little restaurant, and we may go back, I just wanted to share what I would have liked to know before going here(because I LOVE meatballs, and for my fellow meatball lover...heads up).
Hmmm, I'm not certain how I feel about St. Francis.  I loved the decor but...that was all that I loved.  I wasn't impressed with the fact that there is nearly NO parking...I didn't think the food was exceptional.  It was good, mind you, but...not exceptional.  And I was completely underwhelmed by the service.  I should try it again to be completely fair but...oh yea...I don't love the location either.
While I do admit that the green chile with cornbread was pretty great. I have had a beet salad here that was also very good and a variety of other menu items and they are very consistent with their quality. If the review was strictly on food quality and preparation It would be an easy 4 stars, but when reviewing a restaurant one can't leave out some of the obvious frustrations. I love open air venues (especially this time of year), but if there is a fly infestation then it's probably best to close the doors and windows, get the exterminator out and wait until the right time to open everything back up. When I spend 1/4 of my time swatting flies away from my food I find that very frustrating. . As with many other Central Phoenix corridor venues the parking is miserable as well it is a forced valet which if you happen to come with no cash on hand can leave you in a very uncomfortable and embarrassing situation. . I know the fly problem is only temporary, so I will be back again...And next time I will make sure I have some cash on me for the valet.
Food was okay.  Didn't really care for the texture of the meatballs and the bread was rock hard.  That said the appetizers and desserts were good.  Supposedly the pancakes are where its at so I may try those next time.  A little bit pricey for what it was in my opinion
St. Francis Restaurant is one of the better dining establishments in Phoeniz, AZ.. . You walk into the restaurant and you will be amazed by the very modern and open architecture.  I liked the open air concept here, but cannot imagine how hot it would get in the mid-Summer heat of Arizona.  The staff is energetic and friendly.  The food is innovative and comforting.  . . I started off my dining experience with an amaretto margarita.  I thought it was an intriguing drink, and I was super glad that I ordered it.  It was delicious and fun to drink (although I do not typically drink).  It was refreshing, and fun to have the almond liquor mix together!  What a great combo!  Grade:  A-. . For my appetizer, I had the beet salad.  You got a two-collored beet salad (yellow and red), mixed with raddico, endive, and grapefruit and other delicious nuggets.  I really enjoyed the salad, as it was fresh and crisp.  My only minor complaint (see the photo) was that it was very sloppily plated and the portions were very small.  Grade:  B+. . For my main meal, I ordered the white fish.  This dish was complex, well prepared, and fun to eat.  It was a seared white fish, placed upon a medley of different veggies.  It was beautiful to look at and the different textures in the dish made it a different experience with each bite.  For me personally, the only drawback was those big (lima?)beans that it was served with.  It was a bit tough and difficult to eat.  Otherwise, I enjoyed the meal!  Grade:  A-.. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/st-francis-restaurant-phoenix?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#kFL8IsGdRelXeXDlg2njog. . Service was energetic and generally quick.  I had a good laugh at my waiter, as he became very distracted looking at people's behinds.  He lost his chain of thought serval times.  Hah - we're all human, right?!  Expect a very young and hit crowd here.  . . Food Grade:  B+. Service Grade:  B. Worth the Money Grade:  B. Overall Impression:  B
The service was 5 stars. Everyone from the hostess to our server Barry were great. Exceptional service. The happy hour deals are great too. Can't wait until the kid is born. I'll come back and try out a cocktail. We tried the goat cheese dip, meatballs, pork sandwich & pot roast. It was decent. Great atmosphere to chill w/ friends and to bring the fam. Kids 10 & under eat free; That seems really generous. Overall good experience...
Our dining experience was enjoyable. Salad had a generous portion of roasted beets and a nice balance of greens /dressing.  Picture the meatball entree as three small tennis ball sized meatballs in a red sauce- seasoning has a delicious Mediterranean/Asian spiced twist.  Although the menu stated this entree comes with pearl pasta we literally searched for it in the dish- our mistake for thinking this was an Italian style meal. My salmon superfood entree was perfectly cooked and yummy. The broccoli with aioli dish brought me back to Pulp Fiction "French fries with mayo in holland ...they drowned them."  Service could have been more attentive....busy place and great spot for outdoor patio dining on a warm June night!
My wife and I went here on a Thursday evening.  It was just OK all around.  The food was not bad, but overpriced for the quality.  Comparing it to something like Postinos, I think Postinos has better quality food.  I think the ambiance was pretty cool, we sat on the second floor overlooking the bar.  Although the waiter was friendly, he did not seem to be on top of his game.  Funny story:  My wife ordered a salad and asked to get it without bacon.  The waiter said "wow, you're really good at noticing details, aren't you?  Most people ask after the salad comes to the table".  We were both a little puzzled at this statement, as he seemed to be shocked that someone actually read the menu.  Well, after all that, when he brought the salad, what would ya know, the bacon was left on it.  :)  I was so tempted to be like "hey, you're not really good at noticing details, are you?"  Anyway, we let it go and my wife was like 90% done with the salad when he finally came back around and said "sorry" and gave us another salad.  A nice gesture, but it was too late at that point... two salads is one too much.  I ended up getting the meatballs.  It was unique but way too much sauce and just not the most appetizing flavor.   All and all, we have no solid plans to go back.  Nothing except the style impressed us, and there are too many good places out there.
We wanted to be impressed, but weren't. The food was a bit better than A-OK, but the service sucked.  . . Partner and I had a drink each and a couple of beers. We shared an appetizer, salad, entree, and dessert...tab with tip was $120 and I think that's more $$$ (not $$).  It wasn't over the top..food was tasty and prepared well, but we were expecting one of those "blown away" experiences.  Between the time the salad arrived and the time the waiter took the entree order, it was THIRTY FIVE MINUTES!  This was a Friday evening...it was busy, but not full, and they didn't appear to be under staffed.. . Atmosphere was above average.  The entire vibe was really nice...a bit eclectic.  They scored a "5" on that piece.. . Overall, maybe over-hyped and value for the dollar was off.  Many other places to choose from and we probably won't repeat the visit.
My wife ordered the chicken salad sandwich which was a different take on chicken salad (little to no mayo) and pretty good. Her sister ordered the burger & was unimpressed. I ordered the DDD featured Pig Dip & was very disappointed.  The bread to meat ratio was disturbing (bready sandwiches disturb me :) & my first bite was uninspiring. The fries along side were piping hot but the sandwich was lukewarm.  The melted cheese was melted no more but appeared to have been sitting, waiting for the fries & turning into chewy mess. I mentioned the temperature to the waiter & he said he'd get me another.  A few minutes later he returns with a sandwich missing a bite. I expressed my disappointment that they re-heated my sammy at which point he tells me that the sandwich isn't supposed to be very hot in the 1st place. I was confused.  . . They did offer to replace my once bitten wich with something else so I chose the Pork Chili Verde. Now I'm on board, tender pork chunks in a thick spicy red sauce.  This dish was very satisfying & after I chopped up the roasted jalepeno it left a nice spice in my mouth well after my last bite. I would highly recommend this.. . The Pig Dip situation left a bad taste in my mouth (pun intended) but overall it was a decent experience. Restaurant was clean with a good atmosphere & our waiter was very good. Will I go again, maybe, but definitely not a place I'm already planning my next visit to.
Loved the food and the atmosphere, but I have just one thing to say to the management and owners of St. Francis:. . BUILD A BIGGER RESTROOM.. . Seriously dudes, when you step away from your table, you want to use the restroom, and get back to your table and rejoin the conversation.  You do NOT want to have to go and wait in a line that is five people deep just to get to the ONE restroom..... . You have too many tables and too much business to only have one mens room, and one womens room.  Some basic capacity planning would be a good idea here.
I like St. Francis but I usually feel like I'm paying too much for what I'm getting. I went with a group for brunch and it was $9 for a mimosa--a bit excessive when down the street at Hula's or Maizie's, I can get a mimosa for $2! I've also been here for happy hour and although everything was pleasant and enjoyable, there's nothing that I can't wait to go back for. . . I had the green chile with eggs and it was really good. However, like all green chile, it falls short of Dick's Hideaway. I also tried the biscuits and gravy; it was nice but fairly bland. The ambiance is neat and I love the decor of the restaurant; I just can't say that anything has stood out to me.
Not sure why this restaurant comes up under "dog-friendly" when it clearly states no dogs and I called today and confirmed, Makenzie said no dogs allowed.
I came to St. Francis last week for a birthday celebration. The ambiance of this place is very cozy. Our table had the very delicious Fingerling potatoes for an appetizer, Salmon flatbread, Pig Dip, Roasted Salmon Superfood, and the Roasted Chicken. The standouts were the potatoes, the salmon flatbread, and the Pig Dip. The Chicken was very disappointing, not really flavorful, and a little bit undercooked in places. The service was excellent. Never once did our table need to ask for refills and were very attentive without being annoying. I would have given them four stars, but I think they are a bit pricey for the type of food they serve.
I'm still a fan even though, my last meal really missed the mark.. My friend took me here yesterday for an early birthday dinner and as usual the service was great. We had some delicious cocktails, the fingerling potatoes were amazing as always and dessert (sticky toffee pudding) is always a winner.. We each ordered a different flat bread pizza and split them. She ordered the salmon which was amazing, I ordered the Mama's Meatzza which consists of prosciutto, sausage, bacon and, in my opinion the mistake, meatballs.. I saw this on the menu and it sounded great, but what they fail to mention on the menu that its the same meatballs they use in their meatball entree - which uses Moroccan spices. Had I known that, I wouldn't have ordered it. I don't like thatflavoring on meats, especially when I don't expect it. It didn't go, it over powered everything else. I wouldn't order it again. I should have sent it back.. If this was my first experience here, I would have given it 1 or 2 stars. Because I have been here many times, I would only take off one star, but I took off two for failing to mention the Moroccan spices on the menu description.
We tried it for early dinner...and glad we did, for happy hour prices.  I had the pork chile verde...it was good, added the jalapeno for a little extra kick.  The cornbread was tasty, though I'm doing low carb so only had a small bite.  The wine...a Pinot from RRV was ok, def not a $13 wine at regular prices but decent for half price.  My li'l Caesar was good.  Husband had the meatballs with pearl pasta.  These were large, hearty red sauce and a big slice of crusty bread.  Moroccan spices threw him off a bit but not overpowering.  Probably would make different choices if we return.  Happy hour saved us $24 so that was good.   Was pretty loud even T 5 pm on a Saturday...lots of kids which surprised us.  If we go back it will be after the kids are in bed...
So after trying a few more things I've come to the conclusion that this is a nice swanky place to dine at for atmosphere, not so much for food.. . I tried the meatball dish from their happy hour menu.  I think its cumin, but one of the flavors is just overpowering.  The bread it comes with is rock hard, not sure if you're supposed to soak it in something?  It  was a bit overkilled..  The flatbread pizza was good.  The cheesecake in the jar was not very good - more like cheesecake pudding in a jar..  The sticky toffee pudding wasn't bad but could've used something nutty or salty...  something.. . Brunch was terrible.  I had the Eggs Benedict with prosciutto.  The hollandaise sauce was barely holding the emulsion when I got it and didn't taste like much of anything.  The dish overall was bland and could have used some freshness - asparagus, parsley?  It was just heavy and blah.  The biscuit and gravy dish was a disappointment as well.  The biscuits were not fully done in the middle.  The sausage was actually good, but they were too stingy with it which resulted in another bland and heavy dish.
For a place that defines itself by a wood fire grill, not many items make use of it. Many of the dishes are crafted well enough, but nothing stands out and everything seems... Average. There's nothing wrong with average, but the price tag was too high for just an average meal.. . The desserts, however, were not good. The sticky toffee pudding was a dry brick.. . The atmosphere was nice though and the cocktails were yummy.
This is partially a review about Server-dude or Server-dudette. You know that server. The one who thinks they're too cool to be serving or they're just miserable. I'm pretty sure I had that server tonight. No smiling, no personality, seemed completely uninterested. Classic Server-dude or maybe he is just too introverted and should look into other job options. . . I'm not even gonna bullsh*t you, I know server-dude because I've been server-dude. And guess what, I don't serve anymore. Because I'm too cool? No, I'm a complete nerd, but I just didn't enjoy serving people so I came off as a prick sometimes. Anyway, I'll get back to server-dude.. . St. Francis has a very nice ambiance as others have said. I'll give it that. . The food was good. It didn't blow my mind or anything but it was good.. . We had the baked goat cheese to start. A tomato and goat cheese concoction served with crostini. I liked it but it wasn't anything too different from other goat cheese/tomato creations I've had.. . For dinner, I went with the Pig Dip. It's a French dip but instead of roast beef, the sammie consists of pork product. Pork loin, prosciutto, bacon. Very good. I would have preferred it for lunch more so than dinner though. That's not their fault, I'm just throwin' it out there. . . So back to my pal server-dude. My dinner was dropped off by a runner or another server. I had one last swig of my beer. Of course I took that swig after my food was dropped off thinking my server would come back shortly to check on us and I could ask for another one.... Nope.. . I had to drink the clear, tasteless liquid throughout most of the meal. I wish I could tell you I'm talking about vodka, but No, I mean water. There's a time and place for everything and this was the time and place for my beer. Alas, I was with none.. . I was nearly done with my dinner before the server came back to our table. I didn't break out my stop watch but I'd have to say it was at least 15 min easily. That's a long time to be without beer.. .  When he finally came over and asked if we wanted another round of drinks I told him not to get me another because I was already almost done. I was already irritated and wouldn't enjoy the beer anyway. Night ruined... Ok, not entirely, but I was disappointed because overall the food was pretty good but ol' dude was just a downer. . . I had a 3 star night, but I'm sure this place is a solid 4 on the regular.
Came back here for what I heard was a good Sunday brunch.  Brought my girlfriend and another friend.  I was told the skillet pancake was good and it was.  Drenched with berries and whipped cream and the cake itself was soft, but dense.  That said, not enough food for me by itself.  My friend ordered the American breakfast and gave it average reviews (the bacon was a little flimsy).  I'm not a coffee drinker so I can't attest to this one way or the other, but my girlfriend and friend both HATED the coffee.  They had a live jazz band which was cool, though I had to shout across the table for my friend to hear me.  The ambience of the place is still pretty cool, but the food still doesn't match the hype in my opinion.
The atmosphere was pretty trendy and nothing out of the ordinary  for Phoenix. Nothing to write home about. We were seated within two feet of another couple even though there were many other tables open. It was uncomfortable and we got up and moved to another spot and the waiter seemed a bit put out because I guess we didn't ask first? The food took around 20-25 to come and the waiter didn't come to check with us or to tell us the food is on it way. However the French Onion Burger I ordered was wonderful. It was very flavorful and the bread wasn't thick and heavy. The Chicken Salad Sandwich was also very good but left me a bit wanting. Overall the food was good.  The service not so much and it was very cold too, and I hate to be cold when I eat. Weird I know but there it is.
Good
Went here for restaurant week and thought the place was very cool inside but we weren't blown away by the food. The baked goat cheese was good but our apps & salads came only a few mins before our entrees so we didn't have much time to enjoy them. The pumpkin soup was awesome but the pork was way under seasoned. The salmon was cooked well which if often hard to do. The chocolate cake was beyond dry and almost not edible and they ran out of the toffee desert by 830 on a not so busy Tuesday. We will probably go here again but try some others items
St Francis was the location of special date a few weekends back. We booked a table using OpenTable (on Yelp) for a Saturday and were promptly seated. I was stoked given the rave reviews and looked forward to a romantic dinner.. . Until we were seated three feet away from a table of shrieking teens. Six of them. . . (Eventually they left, and our dining experience remarkably improved. The volume returned to normal dining levels and it was possible to converse.). . Big shout out to Barry, our server, for doing everything possible to smooth things over. Even tho I had asked a manager (she was walking by) for an emergency Diet Coke (I forgot to eat all day) it was Barry who whisked it nano-seconds to our table. Barry also had a fresh Diet Coke at our table before a butterfly could possibly breathe. Our water glasses were never empty and our subsequent drinks were refreshed promptly.. . Glass service is, in my opinion, a great indicator if a server is paying attention to your table. Barry was like frost on a window in winter. (A reference lost on Phoenix folks.) Except we never saw him unless it was necessary. He's that awesome.. . St. Francis is a restaurant that will feed you and feed you well. (Big portions! Yummy stuff!) . . I'm not kidding when I say "big portions". We shared the fingerling potatoes after scarfing a baguette down. There are enough potatoes on that plate to easily feed a family of four. (Seriously!). . We taste tested the Pork Chile Verde & the Pig Dip sandwich. I think if I had eaten the sandwich first I might have liked it more (as the cheese would have been warmer). I was wowed by the chile. I had to stop myself and remember to share. (It's not nice to eat all of the food when you're sharing :).  . We sat on the main ground floor. I'd like to check out the outside bar / patio area next time. (Very cute!) I'd recommend booking a table alongside the walls if you're booking online. We were seated in the middle section. (We had traffic going both ways.). . The drink menu surprised me. St. Francis mixes a fabulous "Dark & Stormy"! We used to hunt around Manhattan trying to find the right ginger beer to make these. The Mixologist here has it down perfectly!
This place is honestly nothing too special. They do have a decent menu with a couple stand outs but the prices are too high for what you get. I would describe the service as pretty hit or miss. They definitely are one of those placesthat live on reputation instead of actually delivering. Recipe for disaster if you ask me. I believe they were on some food network show as well... Don't go there thinking you are going to be blown away by the food though. . . Pros:. - cool atmosphere. - some good food. - plenty of seating. - good beer selection. . Cons. - rude servers. - wait times. - too expensive
I visited St Francis for lunch with a couple girlfriends. Kinda pricey for lunch, but we knew what to expect and wanting to try it out. Luckily, a couple of us with smaller appetites were able to split our Pig Dip sandwich without any fuss from the staff or 'split' charge you sometimes see at more upscale places. They even served it on separate plates and gave us each our own basket of fries. . . The sandwich was quite yummy and we enjoyed a couple brews, as well. We sat outside on a beautiful day and their patio is quite cozy and nice. I'll probably be back. :)
OK, to be fair, my fellow Yelpers must know that the Manager of St. Francis has attempted to remedy my last review by offering me dinner on him.  Yes, I was sent a gift certificate so that I might try dinner again.  I LOVE that gesture, and it was very much appreciated!  I am only sorry that it took me so long to 1) return, and 2) to update my review.. . I returned for a visit at the first part of September.  However, my position remains the same.  I really do love the ambiance!  But my service experience has been just poor...defined as not attentive, and not even very friendly.  I would have loved to have been able to write an improved review but...when there are so many restaurants that serve me well, I will have to pass on this one.  :-(
St. Franics is just okay.  I give it stars for atmosphere, variety, and quality.  The food was excellent and the menu had a few nice surprises on it (for example, the pork chile verde).  The night we dined there, they ran out of flatbread which ruled out a good portion of the menu (minus one star).  Our waitress was very young and awkward/nervous which made the whole experience slightly off (there goes another star).  It's a good thing the fried fingerling potatoes were to die for and the pork chile verde was spicy and divine-- that means I'll make another trip back to give it another try.
