Were in the neighborhood one weeknight and popped in for a 'snack'  For a Wed night this place was jammin'! We didn't feel like waiting for a table so we got lucky and squeezed ourselves into the bar to grab a pie.  Our server/bartender was very sweet.  We got a sausage  pizza and it was decent.  It has a thin crust (which we loove) but it just seems to lack in flavor a little bit.  The crust is a little soggy towards the middle.  I still prefer Pomo's pizza, but for the downtown hipster atmosphere and people watching, this is a fun place to sit down and throw back a few glasses of wine.  Old, but charming :)
This coming from a born and bred Chicagoan.. . You're not going to find much better than this in Phoenix but that doesn't mean this place is amazing.. . I give 2.5 stars to the waitress alone. She was friendly and helpful, brought us out a 2nd pizza after she realized we really, really, didn't like our first, and was all around cheery.. . If the hot salame pizza had more sauce, I'd return. But...unless I go here for work lunch and someone else pays, I doubt I'll go back.
Man... what happened?. . My wife and I felt pretty bad, after hyping Cibo up to friends for the past couple weeks, only to be treated fairly strangely and shabbily by our waiter. We were the only two in our group who had been there before, and luckily the only ones embarrassed when things did not go as smoothly as we would've hoped.. . Our large party would agree that the food and the atmosphere are still top notch, as are the wines and that delicious homemade limoncello... But the service just fell off, due to one person in particular. Read Nader A's review for the full story, but the gist of it is there was a (rude) miscommunication on the waiter's part, and he was so steadfast (attitude) about not admitting his mistake that it cost him any additional tip he might have received. He also chose to do this at peak volume coinciding with the entertainer's break, so not only did everyone at our table get an earful, but so did the surrounding patrons. it was like a scene in a movie when a bunch of people who do not belong walk into the wrong bar and the needle scratches right off the record. To Nader A's credit, he remained cool, but the damage was done. Later on we found out that our waiter also dissuaded others at the table from customizing their pizzas because "they are perfect the way they are." I don't know if he had something else going on and decided to take it out on us, but to snap at us the way he did was truly unacceptable.. . We were planning on having the table sample some of Cibo's delicious crepes for dessert, and I'm positive we would have certainly drank a bit more as well, but instead we chose to leave early and take our business elsewhere. Will we be back? Eventually, but in all honesty not anytime soon, and definitely not in that guy's section.. . I in no way would dissuade anyone from trying out Cibo. They excel at what they do, and my experience was most likely out of the ordinary.
I've had 2 great experiences with CIBO, and 2 that left me cold. . . Pros: Great pizza, delectable crust, ambiance, cordial service, great wine, bustlingly quaint & neighborhood-y.. . Cons: When CIBO gets overwhelmed, which is often, the service and product diminish steadily and predictably. Last visit, my order came out within 5 minutes of placing it and I got low-pitched food illness thereafter. . . I want to love you, CIBO, because when you are good, you are oh so good.
Great appetizers and wine selection. Pizza was so so, a bit on the bland side. Fun and charming atmosphere. Great place to grab an appetizer/drinks and catch up with friends. Get there early. We went on a Saturday night and had to wait about 40 minutes for a table.
Ok, I'm torn on this one. I've mentioned in my other reviews, I understand sometimes, people have bad days. So while the service was not so great, the food was! And I love this place, I'm not gonna lie! So the waitress seemed easily overwhelmed, gave us the wrong bill, the wrong drinks, took a while getting our food-ok, a REALLY long time, and also dropped my friend's credit card, luckily I saw it laying on the ground. But the sandwiches we ordered were amazing! Went for lunch. So no pizza on themenu at this time. You will have to find parking, which can be a little tough. There is a lot behind the "restaurant", which is really a little bungalow type house and gives it the character. I had the Salsiccia sandwich which was fesh hot and amazing! The Italian Sausage was probably the best I've ever tasted and they feature fresh baked bread in a wood burning oven. The greens were also crisp and fresh and they feature creative salads which could be a meal in itself. Overall, the place is unique and delicious and perfect inside for a date, a lunch meeting and I can't wait to go back for dinner. Yum!
Cibo is a great little spot down town for lunch.  The seating can be tight.  It is friendly, clean and easy to park at.  The menu is not the usual - so don't take a meat and potatos person there.  The salads are wonderful and my favorite is the Nutella crepe!
Excellent white pizzas!! EXCELLENT.. . As for the Red Pizzas? Not so much.. . Will most definately go back. The creativity done with these white pizzas is most divine.
Huh, so I'm clearly in the minority with this review. After hearing about this place repeatedly, I was excited to give it a try. End result was a "meh". For 6 of us, the total was $133. Holy crap! For pizza and iced tea?! Really?. I tried the asian pear, goat cheese, etc etc pizza--which was odd. That's really the only word I can come up with...not bad, not delicious, just odd. Also tried a slice of the sausage/potato combo as well. Again, not bad, but not amazing. . Restaurant is oddly located as well, you're driving along...and then there it is, in a corner house. Most of us drove past it and had to circle around.. Likely won't be going back, but don't think they'll miss me, since it was packed on a Wednesday night. . Large restaurant, but seems like a small space. People were constantly bumping into each other, some guy was almost sitting in my lap while he was waiting for a table (and I was eating), employees were weaving in and out of people and crashing into each other.. They have pasta specials on Tuesday and Wednesday nights and other random specials on Thursdays (according to the menu).
Sigh. This place just isn't as good as I remember it from a couple years ago. I don't know if the quality has gone downhill or my tastes have changed, but it just wasn't the experience I was hoping for. . . During my recent visit, I split the pesto salad and funghi pizza with my cousin. The bread brought out was ok, crusty but a little too chewy and cold. I appreciate having oil on the table to dip. The salad was good. I absolutely loved the roasted potatoes on top. Way better than traditional croutons. The dressing was ok; I thought it could use more of a garlic kick.. . Overall, the pizza was just good. I remember it being excellent. The sauce was bad. Bland and a bit too bitter. Good quality cheese. Again, I needed more of a "kick" from the toppings. No strong earthy flavors from the mushrooms. Crust was by far the best part.. . Service was slow and inattentive but friendly. Value was good since we only spent $22 for our items. I was very full the rest of the night and even had leftover pizza for my husband to sample.. . If anyone wanted to go to Cibo before an event downtown, I wouldn't argue, but I certainly wouldn't drive into Phoenix just for the food.
I met a friend for lunch. We sat on the patio since it's somewhat nice weather for Phoenix. It's sprinkling!!. The waiter was a bit abrupt (unexpected) but polite. He seemed in a hurry, but it was empty. Who knows!. We ordered sandwiches and were tasty. The house salad was very good. . Will be back in the evening sometime.
Came here for dinner the other night with some friends who had been before. I love the look of this quaint little restaurant with it's twinkle lights decorating the tree stumps and greenery. I love their outdoor seating out front - it makes a great atmosphere. . . The staff were nice and fairly attentive. It's got a nice laid back vibe. . . We started off with a Caprese salad and I think that's why I rated this place just average. For me an Italian restaurant shouldn't ruin a caprese salad but this one was just not good. Something was seriously missing - maybe a little balsamic drizzle but it lacked all of the fresh flavors I was hoping for. The pizza I ordered on the other hand was so good. I was really bummed I couldn't bring the rest home (headed to a concert after dinner). It was the Di Norte and had a nice kick to it so you if you like a little spice in your life this is the thing to order. . . I would come back here again but it's not at the top of my list. Great if you want to sit outdoors and enjoy the nice temperature and good conversations.
I will preface this by saying that I went here a couple years ago for lunch and thought it was very good, which gave it an extra star over my true opinion of my dinner there last night.. . The BF and I went here before seeing Louis CK for our anniversary. We were seated right away, so that was nice, but it was like 5:45 so that isn't too shocking. We sat outside, which was nice and had pretty christmas lights on all of the trees. The waiter comes by after about 5 minutes and asks us for drinks or apps and we ordered the burrata as an app. The menu said it was topped with a balsamic glaze, which sounded wonderful. We were also ready to order our pizza but the waiter disappeared immediately after taking our app order. So we wait. and wait. and wait. And I swear it felt like it was a half hour, but it was probably more like 10-15 minutes later (we were super hungry) the waiter came back to take our pizza order. We ordered the La Noce and he left. Well.... we waited some more. Finally got our burrata and it was a mess. Two giant globs of cheese with the lightest drizzle of balsamic dressing (not vinegar, because there is no way this weak stuff was straight up vinegar) surrounded by bread and prosciutto. It was large, so I'll give them that.... but too large in my opinion, because there isn't enough bread for the toppings. The burrata was good, creamy.... but it didn't taste like balsamic at all, which was the most appealing part of the app. The prosciutto was alright... it didn't have a ton of flavor, but it was fine. The bread had a burnt flavor... not my fave. Then we wait about 20 minutes.... waiter did not check on us.... Finally get the pizza. The pizza was good. That was the redeeming item of the night. It had arugula, walnut, ricotta, and mozz. It was a tasty combination.. .  Now, the whole time we were there, there was a table of about 6-8 extremely loud, drunk, possibly old sorority girls sitting near us. All we could hear is their conversation, so much so, that we knew one girl was named rochelle and one was Tina and one had been divorced for 4 years and they had a friend named Lori who was just sooo crazy among many other details that we should not have gathered from sitting in their proximity, which obviously puts a damper on the experience. The waiter was so occupied with them, that we felt forgotten about all night. He was not attentive, he did not ask how things were, and he disappeared for long periods of time to go do who knows what for this other table (they had a bunch of ridiculous requests like splitting the bill 6-8 ways when the menu says they don't do that... hmmm). We sat down at 5:45 and barely got out of there around 7 to make it to our show (we were walking). So the experience wasn't a good one, BUT I would be willing to try it again, as I did have a very nice lunch there a few years ago.
Was craving pizza and this was my last night in Phoenix. Yelped nearby restaurants and this one caught my eye. I love wood oven pizzas and dessert crepes and having both in one place was a dream come true. Went with my neice, who lives nearby and had never been here. The restaurant is in a great space though the location is a bit odd. This combination, for me, adds to it's appeal. The place was packed but we had a very short wait. By the time we left, there was quite a crowd gathered outside.. . We started with caprese salad with homemade mozzarella. The texture of the cheese was spectacular and the tomatoes were good but not great. Perhaps that's because I'm from California, home of the sweetest tomatoes around. We decided to order two pizzas, one with red sauce and one with white because it all sounded and looked so good. We ordered the capprioso and the white pizza with pear (can't remember the actual name) The crust was the key. I'm giving Cibo 4 stars because the actual flavors of the toppings and sauce on the pizza are not as flavorful as I expected and not as bold as I like. Everything was very mellow. But man, the crust rocked my world. I might try some other toppings that have a stronger taste to see if they are better but what we picked was on the border of bland. The true highlight of the mean was the dessert crepe we ordered. We ordered two pizzas and one crepe but we should have ordered one pizza and two crepes. True, we got nutella in the crepe which is a gimme in terms of tastiness but we added strawberries and whipped cream which took it over the top. The crepe itself was light, airy and just melt in your mouth good. . . I thought about giving Cibo 4 stars but I just couldn't do it. I wanted to love everything about this place but I just didn't. When the best flavor I had was nutella, you know there's a slight the problem. I honeslty wasn't impressed with the toppings and the flavor and the quality of the pizza sauce but the crust won me over. I would definitely come back for both the atmosphere and the food and perhaps a different pizza would be better. The servers ran around and seemed to work hard though the food came out slower than I expected and the wait staff, while flying around and by often, wasn't actually attentive. If ever in Phoneix again, I look forward to trying more things on this menu but until then, I can only say it's good but not great and certainly did not blow my socks off.
Cute venue and service was okay, not stellar but not the worst.. . Started off with Antipasta plate: too much shallots, not enough cheese & olives, which is the whole point of antipastas, right??. Capriossa pizza: ok, but the crust was soggy and the ingredients weren't carefully placed so some slices had nothing but red sauce. . Crepe: The ONLY reason this was a 3 and not 2 star review was the crepe. It was delicious. We had strawberries & nutella with a side of ice cream.
Absolutely loved the food, cannot put to words how good the soup, pizza, and wine was. Excellent, fresh tasting products used in their pizza. My only problem was the server was slow, seemed like he didn't know the menu well, and took roughly five minutes to open the bottle of wine. Service aside, this place has AMAZING pizza!
This place is good. It's definitely no Pizzeria Bianco but not many places are. One bite of the Rosa Pizza from Biancos and it blows everything on the menu of Cibo out of the water. I'd go back to Cibo if the wait at Biancos was more than 2 hours. . . anyway, the food is good, they serve arugula on everything which is unnecessary. But still delicious. . . The wait is too long. Im all for waiting, but it better be AMAZING food, and I just did not find Cibo to be amazing. The Parlor also blows this place out of the water. . . The restaurant itself is quite lovely. Its a cute little spot in thedowntown district and it feels like your going to someones house rather than a restaurant. The staff is pleasant as well.
This review is for the weekend brunch.... I LOVE Cibo for dinner, it is one of my favorites downtown. I assumed their brunch would be just as good. . We decided to sit inside as it was a rather warm morning and we walked (trying to burn some of the calories we were about to consume). We sat at a table right buy the window over looking the patio (which is dog friendly). As we perused the menu a fly kept buzzing around the table. I understand flies get in and I'm OK with that, BUT this one fly turned into about 8 full sized flies and a million little gnats. I was actually killing the bugs as they flew around our table there were SO MANY! We even had some fall in our drinks. Ugh!. The food was good. we ordered the Uova Arizona and Fritatta Melfitana. They were both good but the Uova Arizona was the best. . I am so sad that the flies ruined an otherwise wonderful breakfast. I guess we should have sat outside...there would have been fewer bugs.
Ambiance: very cute outdoor patio/seating. Perfect for a casual night out with friends/first date/significant other. . Food: very authentic Italian (thin crust) pizza. Recommend the vegetariana. . . Price: Decent $11-15 per pizza. . . Service: Friendly but very slow. Be prepared to wait at least half an hour on weekends to get a table and  table service is slow as well  (they don't take reservations for parties under 6). Parking is a bit of a nightmare. . . Service/parking is why I would rate my overall experience as 3, but food wise definitely a 4.
Cute lunch spot especially on a warm Arizona day... Which is like everyday. The outdoor patio makes you feel right at home as well as the tiny birds that fly right in front of your face.. I felt like I was sitting in my own front yard catching up with a Lon lost friend over lunch. The food was good but overhyped. Judging from reviews I honestly expected more and so did my taste buds. But the atmosphere was nice and the hot sandwich just okay. . I'd recommend if you prefer a more serene and less crowded lunch date.
I've been to Cibo before and the pizza is pretty good (4 stars) but last night I was exposed to quite possibly the rudest waiter I have experienced during the short time I have spent on this planet. I'm not sure if James was just having a bad night, but he seemed incredibly rushed and annoyed to have to be helping us out by taking our order and getting us some food and drink. It was bad enough for me to leave before ordering. (My friends that stayed behind informed me that it never got any better.) I get that Cibo is a busy place, James, but never be rude to people who have no control over those circumstances. Not if you want a reasonable tip.
Been there once on a friday evening, remember food being okay but it was uncomfortably packed.
I'm really torn on how many stars to give Cibo so I'm sticking in the middle  Went there on a Tuesday night for the very first time and I absolutely fell in love with the ambiance outside.  The outside seating totally deserves 5 stars, but thats about the only 5 star I can give, if it weren't for the wonderful atmosphere I would've only given 2 stars.  . . After being seated we had to wait a while for our server to come over to the table.  Not sure if he was new or just having an off night but I was not impressed with him.  I was actually jealous of the tables around us and their interactions with wonderful servers.  We explained to the server it was our first time eating there and he just started pointing to stuff and spouting off about all sorts of different pizzas, meats, cheeses, wines, etc...It was a little overwhelming and he lost me.  When we were  ready to order we had to first flag him down and interrupt his conversation with another employee.  He took our order and quickly walked away without even asking if we wanted  anything to drink.  We originally planned on getting a bottle of wine but after my boyfriend had to walk inside the building the get some service and a drink we decided against the bottle.  Very disappointing!   I'm also somewhat glad we didn't order the bottle of wine because while we were still sitting there enjoying our dinner and conversation they started clearing off our entire section and staring at us as if we were keeping the restaurant open.  Keep in mind the place was still open for 30 more minutes.  I honestly felt rushed and that I couldn't enjoy myself.  If we didn't have to wait so long, flag down our server or go in the restaurant ourselves to order a drink we may have actually finished our meal a lot sooner.  . . We opted for the sausage pizza, which was good but not the best.  The mozzarella cheese was delicious and tasted very fresh, as was the crust.  But other than that I really wasn't all that impressed.  . . I didn't hate the place nor did I love it.  I'd probably give it one more chance and hope that I had better service the next time around.
Ok here goes.  I'll start with the bad and finish positive.  As far as Pizza goes, which is what we went for, I was not that impressed.  I must say I'm more of a NY style, by the slice pizza kind of guy.  So the pizza did not hit the spot.  Maybe a little too fancy for my palette. (You can take a boy out of the ghetto, but you can't take the ghetto out of the boy, so for me simple food is always better.)  Obviously, there are enough people who like gourmet pizza as this place has amazing reviews, so I'm just one simple man.. . The obnoxious fat chick sitting right behind me proclaimed to her friend, "I'm no longer investing time in men who aren't available!"  Put down the pizza and grab a dry salad and shut up!!  That's not really the restaurants fault though but I did have to endure that convo through the duration of my meal.. . Our server was very nice however seemed very rushed and at times we had to wait for refills on water and for the check.  The atmosphere is very romantic outside with light trees and live music.  They even turned on one of the heaters on the patio for the lil lady.  We has the Crepe with Nutella chocolate powdered sugar and ice cream and it was very very good.  . . Bottom line.  I'd be willing to come here again and try something other than pizza.
I was very excited to try Cibo after reading many great reviews. However, after visiting...I have come to the conclusion that when you have Pizzeria Bianco/Pane Bianco in town, there is no reason to break from perfection.. . The Pizza: WAY TOO MUCH CHEESE. Dough: WAY TOO DOUGHY.. .  I was pulling the cheese off into huge glops with my fork. We didn't finish our pizza, nor did we want to take it home. . . Hopefully, they were having an 'off' night.
The service is great and atmosphere is terrific. The pizza was good, but I wasn't necessarily impressed with the crepes for dessert. Too much Nutella and not enough bananas. Appetizer we had was sub par. Personally I don't see what all the hype is with this place. Not a bad experience by any means though.
I am quite disappointed after reading all my friends brag about this place. I brought my now wife last Valentine's Day here and we showed up a little early before they opened and bottles and glasses that were left out from the night before. So we came back and there was a line, which isn't bad but we got sat right under the tree. We ordered a  salad that was had pear's as the main ingredient and there weren't many pears and dabs of honey. Just thought it was a little cheap. . Then the pizza, there wasn't much cheese on there and the ingredients seem to be again cheap. The dessert seemed to be the same way.. Finally when the waitress brought our check and came back with the change she said she didn't have time to get us the change so we could add that into the tip. So she shorted us .40 some cents.. I will try this place again given the reviews and telling my friends about my experience, will probably sit inside.
I hear my friends brag about this place all the time, so I decided to check it out myself.. I am kind of disappointed, I expected more.... The pizza was alright, not much of toppings, and very little cheese, I felt like I was just eating dough.. Dessert on the other hand, Nutella crepes! Delicious!! . Service, was alright, I don't think I even got our servers name....
We came for dinner and it was a cute place. We weren't expecting it to be in a home, but it added to the charm. We ordered the burrata appetizer which had a ton of the cheese but not enough bread so ordered extra bread. Last time I had burrata at a restaurant the cheese was warm which I enjoyed... it was cold here but that is fine. I'm not sure what the norm is for serving it. . . Sadly, we didn't enjoy the pizza very much. We ordered it half "Tricolore" and half "Tartufata" -- the tartufata side was heavy on the truffle oil and a bit too strong/oily for me. The tricolore was okay.  If I were to come again (if I ever visit Arizona again) I think I would try the pizza Rosses over the Bianches. The bianches just sounded fantastic (these had no sauces).. . Our waiter was nice. I felt bad for him trying to explain the special as it took well over a minute to describe just the soup. It was amusing as I'd hear him at each table explaining it, but what a mouthful! It sounded fantastic and we were very tempted to order it but we already had too much food.
With all the rave reviews this place gets, I had been wanting to try it for ages.  "As good as Bianco!" everybody says.  My first impression upon seeing the place was very good; for as busy as it was, it still felt small and intimate.  The 30 minute wait wasn't terrible considering the crowd, and after that, we were seated in a small corner of the house with only a few other tables in view.. . When we arrived, the table on one side of us was empty, and the table on the other side had a family with a screaming baby just finishing up their meal.. . When the waitress arrived, she took our orders.  I went with the marinara and a bottle of root beer.  The root beer came back barely chilled with a glass of ice.  First mistake.  Bottled soda should be served cold.  Pouring warm soda into ice leaves you with watered down soda.. . At some point, someone at the table noted that we should have ordered appetizers because our food was taking so long.  Both of the other tables had received new parties, and their pizzas.  The waitress returned to apologize for our pizzas taking so long, but we must understand, there is a very large party they are serving outside.  Now, I don't like to get toophilosophical when reviewing restaurants, but if the reason for the delay is a large party, why do the two tables, who were seated 5-10 minutes after us, already have their pizzas?. . Eventually, of course, we received pizzas.   I noticed right away that all of the toppings could be found in a small region near one side of the pie, while entire slices contained nothing but sauce.  Clearly this was hastily assembled; no problem, I just took a few seconds to spread out the toppings.  Certainly the kitchen could have taken a little more care with my pizza.. . As it turned out, the pizza was underwhelming.  It was a fine pie to be sure, but there are much better artisan pies in the valley.  If you are going to wait, you might as well go to Bianco.  If you want a crowded environment, go to Pomo.  Those places also have their issues, but they have better pizza.. . Unfortunately, despite all the hype this place gets, I left with the realization that there's really no reason to come back.
Food is great..their burrata could be the best I have had in the state of Arizona. Great ambiance especially on the patio for this time of year, ride the bike up, chill on the patio with a glass of vino, and presto you are relaxed. I dropped 2 stars because honestly the last two times I have been there the service was downright slllllloooooooowwwwwwww....I don't like putting minutes on the time that I was waiting because honestly (and let's be honest) you can pretty much bet that if you are thinking "I was waiting 20 minutes for a glass of wine" it was probably about 7 if that, however it felt like 45 minutes and that is considering that the ambiance was amazing and I had great company. Love the food, love the outdoor patio, but I probably could have made wine at my table faster.
The pizza didn't really impress that much, it was just alright. You come here for the atmosphere. It was nice to seat outside withe lights on the tree.
For an artisan pizzeria, it's pretty good. . . Not so spectacular that I will insist that all my friends go there, but if someone suggests it, I certainly won't argue against their decision to take me there.. . Also, their crepes. Delicious.
I do NOT understand the hype with this place.  I was expecting to be blown away.  I was not.  It is ok.  The sauce is not that great on the pizza, but the crust was amazing.  The sausage was pretty bland, too.  Cheese was good, just needed a little more.  The pulled pork sandwich had a super wood flavor...a little too much.  The fruit salad was just ok.  It's good but not great.  I prefer the Parlor for pizza.
I went to this place with one of my friends.  He had been there several times, but it was my first visit.. . AMBIANCE. . The setting is nice and refreshing.  The restaurant seems to be going for a fresh Italian feel, with the cool wine bar up front and the casual wait staff serving food with a smile on their face.  There is a seating area outside with outside chairs, tables, and patio umbrellas.  Inside, it's cozy and a little dark.  There is nothing about this establishment that seems corporate.  I like that.. . FOOD. . The food was decent, though I have tasted better elsewhere.  I ordered a salad, and my friend ordered a pizza.  Both dishes were freshly made and came rather quickly.  The presentation was professional, but it looked like the cooks/chefs were trying too hard to make the food appear authentically Italian. . . Would I return?  Sure, I would.  If I had options to go elsewhere, would I consider those options first.  Yes.
Must say their pizza and more specifically their pizza sauce is heaven sent! In all of the times I have been to Cibo I must say that the food has been spot on however during the last three visits we have had just horrible service. Once we were told the wait would be close to an hour and it turned into 3 hours. The next time while sitting out on the patio listening to music our waitress came by twice in an hour and a half. When we asked her "Is it busy tonight?" Her reply was no its pretty slow tonight. What? So you must be ignoring us on purpose then. Great food and atmosphere is only half the equation. To be a really great restaurant you also need great, friendly, helpful service and unfortunately at this time Cibo is still lacking in that department.
Cibo seems to suffer from bipolar disorder. We have enjoyed several meals on our own at the bar and with friends at a table or outside for the live jazz. Cibo has all the right stuff but it lacks consistency. One of our visits will be nearly perfect with great customer service, good food and a decent wine selection. The next time we take friends for the first time, the service is lousy, the food is average and the wine doesn't make up for it.. . I feel in general it's a cool spot to hang out but for the service and food quality it is overpriced. Some time ago we happened to be there on pasta night. Apparently the chef makes all of the pasta from scratch which is cool but because it is labor intensive, they rarely have it as a special. If you get the chance to enjoy their house-made lasagna...don't delay, it is worth every penny! . . Check it out but be prepared to park and walk since parking is scarce and it can get pretty crowded especially on Friday & Saturday nights.
I think their pizza is overrated and it always has burned crust.  Supposedly, that comes with wood fired pizza. I'd rather have not-wood-fired pizza then.  Thanks.
The best thing about this place is the ambience with live music at dusk on a warm evening. Just don't be stuck at the corner table like we were. Some might say the tables inside are intimate/romantic; I'd say more along claustrophobic. The bathrooms, though, are large.  . . I took issue with service. The waitress was very short (not in length), not attentive, and fazed from her job. Water glasses came 2/3 full, which was weird. I found the pizzas to be just overdone enough to have an off-putting bitterness. And I did not like the tiramisu. It was just thick heavy cream without the nice texture of freshly soaked ladyfingers.  . . So I don't know if I'll be back..maybe with a smaller group on a not-so-busy night.
Was at Cibo a couple years ago- I had read about the place online and decided to check it out while on vacation in Phoenix. Easy to find with the GPS in tow. . The tables are terribly close together- but cozy. We had brought two kids with us- not really kid menu friendly. No highchairs, boosters or anything of that nature. I wished I had known that prior to going- perhaps a note on the website regarding their inability to accommodate small children. . The waitress was not friendly at all- she seemed annoyed that there were kids with us and rolled her eyes at us a few times. . The pizza was good- but enjoyed the antipasto plate more than the pizza. The patio was nice, but it was closed because it was "only 64 degrees"-- shorts weather for us. . They seemed like they were trying to rush us out of there to turn the tables quickly-- or to get rid of the kids, I am not sure. . . I would not go out of my way to visit again.
We came down 5th and didn't know where to park - no valet was immediately visable and the streets were packed. We eventually found the valet behind the building but found a spot on the street at the same time so went with that.. . The give you bread to share which was just ok. The pizzas were all overdone (the crust was burnt) otherwise it seemed like the crust would have been good. Also, some of the pizza toppings were poorly distributed. One had 2 slices with huge chunks of prosciutto but none on any of the other slices. Kind of annoying when you're splitting. The pizzas were all mediocre. I also found it irritating that they don't use those little elevated pizza holders. Our table was PACKED. It was hard to eat.. . We split a bunch of desserts. I thought the tiramisu was ok but a little dense. If you hate Nutella you're pretty screwed on dessert because 80% of the dessert was heavily Nutella based. The strawberry and Nutella crepe was good, but the banana and Nutella not so much. It had way too much Nutella (which is saying a lot because I can eat Nutella by the spoonful). We also had the doughnut spheres (which were actually more like triangles... who cares but I thought it was weird that they called them spheres). They were not the best doughnut holes + dip that I've had.. . The atmosphere was the high point - nice patio if a bit crowded and there was live music. I thought our service was not spectacular but sufficient.
This place is great.  Food is good.  Service is great and reasonable prices.  The patio area is great specially from Fall to Spring.  Inside is kind of loud and on weekends the wait can be long so I recommend to call in advance.
I finally got to try out this place yesterday at my gfs baby shower. I was soooo excited that I finally made it here seeing that I have had a few friends continuously recommending this place. This could be a great date day/night place or a place you meet up with a group of friends. They offer both in and outdoor seating. I highly recommend outdoor seating:) Beautiful weather during the day and beautiful weather at night plus romantically lit up with small lights around the patio. We were seated on the patio right away around 1pm on Saturday afternoon. We had a party of 10 and had more than enough space.  There was a young boy singing and playing music on the patio, which made the overall ambiance and atmosphere even better especially on any day in Arizona:) The waitress filled our glasses with water and lemon right away. I thought it was a bit strange that the water came with a lemon already in the water because typically they don't and I also happen to be someone who does not like knowing that someone probably used there bare hands to put it there. We waited about 10 minutes until therest of our party arrived and began ordering our food. . . About 10min after we order, the majority of us ran out of water and additional drinks people had ordered. So we waited, waited, and waited some more until finally we were able to waive down a different waiter to refill our drinks. Our food began to arrive about 30min after it was ordered. I ordered the Rustica Pizza, which was highly recommended to me by multiple friends and boy was I pleased! The crust was by far the best part! It was semi thin with a crisp bottom crust. The prosciutto was very tender and melts in your mouth and the cheese was just he right amount. This pizza was AWESOME! I also tried some of the entrees around the table including the side salad, which was huge with a variety of organic veggies, fresh parm cheese and balsamic vinaigrette to top, the Caprese sandwich, and the Margherita Pizza, which were all great! . . Half way through our meal we again waited without drinks for about 15min. We were at Cibo for a total of 2.5hrs and our waitress came by our table 4 times. With that being said we waited around for refills, waited about 30min for our table to be cleared of the finished plates and had to physically get up to get our waitress twice because we couldn't waive someone over to us. My gf had to wait a long time to open her gifts because it took the staff a ton of time to clear a table that should only take 2min to  clean. While we were waiting I decided to use their restroom. On my way there I noticed that the location of the restroom was hard to find and was shoved into a back corner where they also had shoved 8 sets of chairs. It order to get to the restroom I had to walk sideways about 10ft (and I'm tiny!) to the restroom to handle my business. The average size woman would not have been able to fit through such a small space, which to me raises a HUGE red flag. I went to wash my hands and to my surprise the paper towel dispenser was not working so I had to use me pants...lovely! When I got back to the table we finished unwrapping gifts and called it a day. Overall, I loved the food and ambiance and feel that the service we recieved was extremely poor considering that it was not busy at all and there was no excuse for it. I would not recommend this place to groups larger than 6 people and I would also advise anyone who goes here to be ready to test their patience when it comes to service:)
This was our first time at Cibo. The restaurant is rather large but well spaced to provide comfortable casual seating. There is a lot of outside seating. The antipasto shared plate was quite good. The arancini was really good. The pizzas are decent with good quality ingredients and pleasant flavors. Our pizzas had a bit of a battle in the oven though. The desserts were also decent. Overall it is worth a return visit and makes for another dining option in Phoenix.
We had high expectations given the 800+ reviews and near 5 star rating.. . Reality was that it just wasn't that great. They also let kids run all around outside (where we were sitting), bumping into our chairs and being really obnoxious.. . There was some great live music and the ambiance attempt was pretty great. . . The pizza also was burnt. I love brick oven pizza. It's just that it's not supposed to be burnt. There is an art to it.. . I'd maybe try it again, but after trying some of the other places in the area.. . Service was super, super slow.  We waited for our check for like 25 minutes while our server ignored us and attended to a larger party instead. She also wasn't too attentive with drinks, etc.
Pizza was good. Long wait. Would definitely come back again!
Great food. . . Came here after work at around 5:30 since we didn't want to wait for too long.. . We ordered the following:. - burrata . - Salsiccia pizza . - procida pizza . . Burrata was great! The mozzarella cheese was so delicious and paired perfectly with the prosciutto. However, as a personal preference, I probably would've preferred the waitress had told us that 1 order of burrata is enough for a meal.. for 2 people. . . When the two pizzas were served, my colleague and I were too full.  We managed to each eat one slice of the pizzas.. then I just picked out the toppings for the procida pizza.  Well, I guess that says how good that combination is. . . Definitely coming back next time, but. 1) with a bigger group or . 2) order less food
Cibo Urban Pizzeria Cafe is a nice quaint place.  Went there for lunch and tried Margherita  pizza and Salsiccia with tomato sauce, sausage and mozzarella.  The crusts on both pizzas were good with a fair amount of char but could have been a little crispier. I would highly recommend this place if it there weren't better pizza places in Phoenix (Bianco?).  I would give the pizza 3.5 to 4 stars.  However, their pizza menu is quite extensive and I would like to revisit and try some other pizza styles.  . . We did have the Nutella and Mascarpone cheese crepe and it was great. . . Note, most of the patrons there were having salads and sandwiches which looked really good!
It was good but a bit over rated for lunch
