we went to the aria for a vegas getaway and while waiting a long time to get our room, we decided to get some lunch at PUB.  we opted to be seated outside but the interior looked a good place to catch a game.. . given how not busy it was outside, we waited for a while for a server.  once he did come by he was pretty helpful.  the menu is quite big so having some help was nice.  we ended up just getting two dishes and one side.. . she got the chicken parm sliders and i got the brisket from the carvery.  the sliders were tasty but a bit on the dry side.  my brisket was cooked very nicely but was a tad under-seasoned.  i got it on a challah bread with black truffle mayo and it helped the overall flavor.  we got asparagus for sides and they were nice.. . overall, a nice place to grab a drink and decent bar food but nothing incredible.
At the last minute on a Friday night near City Center decided to try and get reservations at a restaurant.  All the ones I wanted were booked, so I called Todd English PUB and they were able to give me a reservation.. . We got there, the place was packed but we were seated right away.  Our server was very friendly and helpful.  It took awhile to get our drinks from the bar, which kind of sucked, but the place was packed.  The mussel appetizer we had was tasty and the "shrimp cocktail" was awesome.  Just an FYI, the shrimp cocktail is not your typical item.  The price is per shrimp and they are huge!!!. . Overall our entree's were good.  Though nothing spectacular to right home about.  Just good solid PUB food.  . . It was "A -OK" for a last minute place to grab a bite before heading out.
I ordered the Lobster Roll. While the lobster was cooked fine and had this clean simple flavor, the bread roll really disappointed me. I didn't like the bread to lobster ratio. I also didn't like that the bread had no crunch or particularly interesting flavor to it. Perhaps the lobster would have been better off in a toasted garlic roll. I have to day the slaw was nice though.
Shocked that the boyfriend wanted to give the place four stars, as I was totally set on two stars.  But he really loved his Carvery Sandwich.. . A group of 10 of us had reservations and were really looking forward to Todd English PUB.  . . The Good: The "7-second pint challenge" was lots of fun and meant free beers for some guys in the group.  The boyfriend loved his sandwich from the Carvery menu (pastrami) and the pickled veggies that came with.  Big menu with lots to choose from.. . The Bad: Corn Dog Bites that tasted a lot like the samples at Costco.. . The Ugly: Terrible service - from pushing alcohol sales too hard, to not detailing the beers in a flight of beers, to serving the wrong drinks (beer when it was supposed to be cider), to not serving drinks at all and not bringing condiments when requested. Our server was completely indifferent to us, but more than happy to put an auto gratuity of 20% on the bill.  The Fish n Chips which was supposed to be a signature dish was terrible. Two of us ordered it and it was gummy and the breading was too thick and undercooked.  . . The location is great, and in general, I really enjoy Todd English's restaurants, but this one just wasn't what we were hoping for.
Good restaurant. Great meat choices. Service was a little slow, especially when the restaruant wasn't even half full. We had a good time though. Good atmosphere. Good value.
Great Great Food. Horrible Horrible service.. . Some of the best chili cheese fries on the plant. They had Ephemere on tap a super big plus.. . The negative things about this place. The waiter hit on my girlfriend the entire night, and said and did inappropriate things. Total douche bag. He was always around when you didn't need him, and never around when you needed something. The big ticker was he offered me and my girl complementary Patron shots for deserts, but charged us at the end of the night on the bill for the shots. When I tried to ask about it another waiter came up and said our original waiter is on a freaking smoke break. What a scam artist (Vegas Style). Todd English you have a bad server working for you, but great food.
We were here on a Saturday evening around 6:30pm, and we were told that there would be a 30 minute wait. We were okay with that, but as we walked to the bar there were a TON of empty tables!!! Why would there be such a long wait just for two?. . Anyway, we found a table at the bar to sit in and have dinner. We shared the mini corn dogs, Dirty Chips, and the bison burger.. . The corn dogs were good. The Dirty Chips were pretty fantastic. It was a huge appetizer for the two of us. Between the corn dogs and chips, we didn't need the bison burger.. . The bison burger was dry. We ordered it medium rare, and it lacked juiciness.. . The service was good and the atmosphere was nice too.
Not the best fish and chips I've ever had, but decent. This place gets loud!. . Packed with men. I'd say it was a 8-to-1 male to female ratio up in here. I'm just sayin'.
Not a bad place for a pint of Guiness..... . Service - For a humongous place, the service was quite good.. . Drinks - Different sizes for a pint of Guiness or your other favorites. And, the pint is the smallest size. Very cool.. . Food - Oh, I just had dinner and still munched on their food. Order the "Dirty Chip".  You gotta try it.. . Price - Ahhh,  okay that was a bit pricey.. . Ambiance.  Too large, not too intimate.  Pubs should be eclectic and not, well clubby.  But definitely this place is huge.. . Parking - if you are a local, well, what a pain to wait for your car, but it is part of the valet experience.. . I would give this place a four, but due to such a large size place and high prices, I gotta reduce it a bit!. . Nevertheless - GO FOR IT.
Alex was one of the best servers ive had in a long time. Very knowledgable but not overbearing.  We liked Alex and the atmosphere, but the food was average, if not a bit overpriced.. . The second time we visited, again there was good service and good beers available but the food was underwhelming.  When you put your name a restaurant in Vegas, the food better be the main event.. . The chicken pot pie was okay.  Good but didn't blow me away.  My wife and sister in law had some carved meats that later gave them both heart burn.  We sent an appetizer back, and the manager came over to check in on us.  Good service there.  Instead of removing the item from our bill he wanted to take care of us and sent over a deep fried halibut.  It was this enormous deep fried piece of fish that looked like a football.  Not what we needed.  It was a good piece of fish, but man that thing was a huge fried turd.. . Overall, I'd say go for the beer and location, but eat dinner somewhere else.
I came wandering in here drunk and hungry.  . I left stumbling drunk and not hungry. . . Todd English P.U.B. is located inside of the new city center - connected to the Cosmopolitan and Aria casinos.  Feeling adventurous, I ordered the double stack beef burger...12 ounces of pure heart ache.  Really...after I ate it, I seriously felt as though my arteries were clogging. . . To accentuate my artery clogging entree, I had a drink called Punch Drunk Love...or something to that degree.  It was ridiculously strong...so excuse me for being a bit on the hazy side on the details.. . Overall, it was an alright place to go.  i wasn't completely dazzled by it, especially with the prices, but I was glad that they  seated us quickly and had a great overall staff. Bathroom tripped me out though.
Cool looking place but the food was not up to par.  I would definitely come here just for drinks, they have an extensive beer and drink menu and the bar area is quite spacious.  We got the turkey burger, wedge salad and chicken sliders.  All three were mediocre at best.  I was expecting a lot more flavor and maybe even a twist to add some uniqueness to the dishes.  Got neither and could have gotten the same thing at Applebees for a third of the price.  There is a section of the restaurant that seats next to open windows which look into the hotel lobby.  SIT HERE!  This made for fantastic people watching, especially on a crazy Saturday night!  Come here for drinks and people watching but not for food.
Maybe it's because we came in kinda late, but the food was just eh. I had the duck buns and they were pretty salty, not to mention that that they got soggy super fast. The hubs had the burger and it was unremarkable. We did enjoy the soft pretzel appetizer, though.. . The service was really slow but overall okay.
Next to the Aria casino in Crystals mall.  A pretty good example of an English pub with Vegas prices.  The bangers and mashed were as I recall them from England, good but not something I would eat everyday.  The grilled bologna sandwich brought back memories of youth.  Lots of excellent beers on tap, they have Fuller's ESB which is hard to find in the USA.
Took my parents here on a recent trip to Vegas and they quite liked this fare.  Meet & potatoes kind of thing but a little gourmet.  I tried the carved meat & it was quite tasty and cooked just right...ie not dry.. . Close to the Aria in the City Center.  The place is quite busy & boisterous.
The perfect cure for the premature hangover. After a full day of Vegas-style pool-drinking and an early evening power nap this is was the perfect place to refuel with some Vegas style pub food. . . Sadly the pre-mature hangover meant we did not try the raw bar. We ordered a bunch of things to try. My favorites were:. . Mac and Cheese - legitimately different than the millions of other mac and cheeses out there. Very savory.. Steak Tacos - Sauces were really good, as was the corn/bean relish. . Other things we tried that were all good. . Beer Battered Onion Rings - Big portion. Corn Dogs - Yes, awesome. . Roast Beef Sliders - tasty fixings. . Solid go-to for a casual night out in Vegas.
There aren't very many low-key places to eat & hang out on the strip so P.U.B. was a welcome change of pace at the end of a long weekend.  The place is pretty huge but somehow still manages to have that cozy red British pub vibe.  Service is very friendly and accommodating.  We had a very large party (14, yikes!)  and they were able to seat ustogether.  Two servers took care of our table  and we had no issues with the ordering process or the bill.  Impressive!. . I would say the only place P.U.B. fell short was the food.  With Todd English lending his name to the place, I expected better.  The menu reads amazing, but when the food comes out, SURPRISE!  It's just typical pub fare.  My veggie-less Chicken Pot Pie was a flop, as were the not-so-fresh Fish & Chips.  The lobster rolls were sort of bland and borderline soggy.  The best thing I tried at the table was a basic Shepherd's Pie.   Maybe the carvery is the way to go (choose a meat, bread, and sauces), but it comes with zero vegetables so you have to order those separately.  . . Price-wise, beers run around $10 a pint for most of the microbrews, BUT if you can chug one in 7 seconds or less, it's free!  Hmmm, maybe we should have come here at the beginning of the weekend instead!  Expect to drop around $40 for a beer and a meal here all-in.   That's practically chump change for dinner in Vegas, plus you can wear shorts and flip flops!
A hip place (maybe too hip) that was way overpriced.. . The bartenders were cute, helpful and nice.  The beer selection was pretty good.  But, the beers were just not that fresh and were VERY expensive.  No one wanted to pay for the expensive pub grub ($18 for fish & chips), so we had a few beers and headed to Burger Bar at the Mandalay Bay.  It was much better (see my review if you like.)
After wandering around on the Strip, we needed to get something to eat before we passed out. This was a good spot to settle down and have a brew at the bar. . . When we sat down, the first thing the tender said to us was if you can chug your first glass it will be free. Of course we thought he was joking until he came back. MY buddy took him up on the offer and chugged down an Apricot ale (which is delicious). To our surprise this is a normal thing and they even have time glasses at the bar. . . We only ordered apps, I seem to remember the pretzels being okay. Otherwise I thought this place was good and the bathrooms were nice and clean. That is always a plus.
Despite how good the food was, and it was AMAZING. The service was awful. Our waitress wasnt really interested in helping us. She forgot half of one of the orders at our table, it took almost 10 mins to get water. Then when I ordered a black and tan she brought me a full guiness because the Bass keg was empty and they needed to change it... ummm yea wouldnt you ask before you assume?. Not to mention it took forever for her to return with our checks.
This is a pretty decent stop when you're in the City Center. They have a huge selection of beers, and they have peanuts on the tables. I don't know why, but I love a bar where you can throw peanut shells on the floor...but I digress. . . I've had the burgers here and tasted the fish & chips. Both were really good, flavorful, and filling. Of course, the prices are high as well. . . The service (at the bar at least) lacks a bit because they have 2 - 3 people assigned to one section. This creates a lot of chaos and interruptions, when you've just told one server something and the next guy comes and asks you, and then another one. . . If you go, sit at a table for a better experience.
we stayed at city center and had some time to kill between check out and our flight so we went here bc it was super close..to continue with our one meal a day during this trip.. . . we split the apps... -chicken wings: had a nice kick from the spice. -corn dog puppies: mini corndogs with fries.. i liked these the best. -roast beef sliders: only thought these were ok . . this isn't a place i'd crave on my next visit but i wouldn't mind giving it another shot..
Location:  P.U.B was very accommodating to our party of 18.  There was no wait and our table was set up perfectly.  The servers were tentative. . . Food:  I still ordered the Lobster Rolls even after some of the negative reviews on Yelp that they changed there bread from a nice toasted brioche to a soggy sweet hawaiian dinner roll.  I expressed my concern regarding the bread and he assured me that they switched back to their original recipe and bread.  Wrong!  It was the same sweet hawaiian dinner roll.  Not worth it for $24!  It definitely does not compare to the delicious Lobster Rolls from Boston.      . . The appetizers were good.  Go for the Shepard's pie.  You can't go wrong with this hearty and satisfying dish.. . Overall, good for groups, great beer selection.  Food...just so so.  I give this place 3 stars.
The Chefs eating food from the pass area was unappetizing. All three of them were snacking the entire time we were there. (for non industry folks, the pass is the table top where the food for the dinning room comes from). But I am sure I am the only one who noticed in my party and it did not stop everyone from chowing down. I got the pastrami slider dish with perfectly crisp fries, my dad the fish and chips and my uncle the cobb salad. In a previous visit my husband and I ordered several appetizers and (quite a few) a beer or two. They have a great beer selection and the flight option is a good idea if your a beer novice. Just tighten up the snacking off the plates and you'll get that 4th star from me.
came here for dinner on night two of a bachlorette party.  made reservations and seated right by the door which i was a little perturbed by.  but friends head up, the portion sizes are ginormous here.  i can eat and i barely ate half my shepard's pie.  i should have shared with my pal who had eaten about the same on her pie.  felt really bad since i couldn't exactly get a doggie bag.  . . oh yes, the dirty fries are a must for a group.  greasy potato chips and some chicken liver.  what's not to love?  $2 oysters!
No tomato juice. I am already pissed. Waiter seems to be a bit snobby. My cold cold martini was cool at best. 2 stars so far...glass was not even chilled.ugh, waiter way too dismissive for me. raw bar pricey but excellent. Onion rings nice spice but not hot in temperature...... They took my fork away! Had to eat delicious pot sticker with a knife. Butter with pretzels sucked. Had to ask for mustard. Now we're talking! Drank my son in laws very good franziskaner from munich. Roast beef sliders and creamed spinach excellent. Chicken Parma sliders missing spice. Skinny fries they're good.not excited over the fish and chips! Taste terrible can't eat it. Looked like the blob on a plate. I love fish and chips. I figured they would be safe... I was wrong. Left it on the plate. Beef sliders were better than average but the fries influenced them. Wife's wine was good . Boddington white ale was as wonderful as always- says daughter #1. wife said we should have gone for Asian food. Seems like bill was forced on us. We called ahead and when they asked we said it WAS a special occasion. Why ask? They did absolutely nothing. Out of 4 eaters the average raring was 2.8. Bill was $180 tipped....$30. We Wont likely be back, sorry Todd...
Came here with a big group of 16 people and 2 kids. Service was pretty good for a large party...and maybe because we also had a high roller at our table. lol. . . Anyway, food was okay. Nothing too special. I got the ribeye, which was really plain, but presentation was nice. The best thing on that dish was the potato wedges smashed together covered in spinach. My bf got the chicken, which again was really plain/tasteless alone. My dad got the prime roast and again it was flavorless. If you use the sauce it was really salty, there was no perfect balance. My friend got the salmon, which was cooked right, the only thing cooked right and not plain. The skin was nice and crunchy too. I don't think every one really loved their food. It was okay. . I think I'd prefer a buffet... variety! . . But this place is good for their selection of beers and drinks! Big place, was able to accommodate us last minute.
very vast selection of beer. A++. all their food portions are huge.. their pot roast pot pie was to die for!!!. all of my friends got their sliders which were superb too.. only thing to complain about is the attention of the service which was very inattentive. . it's right next to Aria though, so you can go play some slots while your waiting for the food.
I was in charge of picking a place for dinner for our group of 8 for a recent trip to Vegas and trying to be budget and fun concious for everyone, I decided on this place.  I was a bit disconcerted by the either really high or really low reviews on yelp, so I had no idea what to expect coming in.  Starting out though, the decor was interesting with a mix of high celining and tile floor brasserie and modern english pub styles.. . When we arrived we were promptily seated despite not having everyone in our group there.  We ordered a few drinks to keep us occupied as we perused the interesting menu.  Unfortunately our waiter wasn't quite as attentive as I would've liked, but I may blame that on some of our group showing up late and maybe he was thinking we'd wait for them. Over the night, we did also wait a little longer than usual for drink orders. I had a nice little find in Newcastle's Werewolf though.. . Foodwise, I was severely disappointed no one at our table wanted the dirty chips. I knew I stood no chance against them alone, so I directed my efforts elsewhere. Oh well... the wife decided to get the ahi poke on wonton chips, which the tuna was nice and fresh but it lacked in seasoning and the wontons were kind of greasy and stale.  I also had a taste of someone's pretzel and wit whiz (I would imagine that means it is supposed to have some witbeer in it). The pretzel had a nice chew, but the whiz was pretty bland.  . . Fortunately I ordered the pastrami along with the truffle mayo and blue cheese fondue.  The pastrami alone would've given this place at least a 4.  It is super juicy and tender, not too salty, and just a hint of smoke and spice.  The truffle mayo isn't mind blowingly good, but its pretty tasty.  The blue cheese fondue was easily forgotten in favor of the mayo.  The two slices of thick cut rye were just about right for making 2 open face sandwiches with just enough extra pastrami to nibble on its own.  Despite the make it yourself method, at $16 this is a pretty good deal considering the quantity and quality.  The wife had the BLT sliders, but with my full plate I unfortunately didn't have the desire to try them.. . After we finished up eating we met up with an even larger group of our friends and the beer chugging, shots, and beer pong commenced.  Overall, a pretty good place to start out a night with some tasty, filling food and some drinks that still leaves you some money for the craps table.
We ate lunch here on our last day since it was in our hotel.. . The $2 oysters were a great deal & really good. We split a roasted turkey sandwich from the "carvery" section. It was hands-down one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. The turkey was absolutely delicious. . . I'd give this place more stars if it weren't for the service. We sat outside & had 4 different waiters during our 40 minute lunch. It was a little bizarre. We also ordered sweet potato fries that were unfortunately forgotten about. . . Prices were very reasonable & I'd probably come back if I stayed in the area again.
We came here because I heard they served a mean lobster roll... Let's put it this way. I'd never order the lobster roll again. It was more like a roll with a bit of lobster. You are served 3 of them on a thick Hawaiian type roll.. . The duck buns to start were great, as was the complimentary popcorn that lasted about 2 seconds. . . The atmosphere is open and large but overall I'd didn't love this restaurant and highly preferred Todd English Olives at Bellagio for lunch.
HEFTY. . Like eating a mimosa brunch buffet wasn't enough. Girlfriends and I opted for something low-key and near the City Center in LV. We hauled out 4-5 boxes full of left over food outta Todd's. . . Todd English P.U.B is unique for a gastropub being divided up into three categories: The Carvery (meats), The Grill (house specialties), and the Raw Bar (all seafood).. . Do get: . - Dirty Chips - A mountain of potato chip nachos, drenched in melted bleu cheese, bacon, and little balls of fried chicken liver. . Tasty, but OH MY GAW.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dn_ipqbm7_jUz5X3rDez_A?select=MVU5PL5K_-K0Da1uDjUJnw. - Raw Oysters - $2 each. Simple, delicious, no complaints here. - Lobster Roll - Another delicious dish - luscious pieces of mayo-ed lobster piled on 3 mini hawaiian bread-type rolls . . Do not get:. (Sadly, my dish of) the 1/2 serving of the lamb: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dn_ipqbm7_jUz5X3rDez_A?select=hZ9a-iO3R_ssTZHELPDO0w. Although still noticeably huge, it was chewy and pretty bland. I had a choice of choosing the black truffle mayo [there wasn't enough (synthetic) truffle oil, I tasted no truffle] and apple butter sauce. . . Also, DO NOT take those dirty chips home. Ever bit into a soggy bleu cheese chip? Not the smartest to decision to take this to-go, but if an after-club inebriated snack still tastes bad -- it's really freakin' bad.. We all synchronized the nasty-what-the-eff-did-i-eat face.. . Don't be greedy and share your food here.
Lobster roll is yumz but overpriced!!. I redeemed with 7 second beer challenge 2X!!. Casual laid back atmosphere is a nice break!!
Hate the food but love the beer. Hence the 3 stars. This has the midwest bar-type feel in the very modern city center. Hidden in a corner of crystals and actually connected to Aria, this place can actually be missed pretty easily if you're not paying attention. The food is okay, for the price ..definitely not good but like I said, just come for the beer and the venue.
This place has my personal all time favorite beer on tap...Pyramid's Apricot Ale....which you cannot even buy in the bottle where I live.  I was so lost in my beer that nothing else mattered.  . I remember ordering the pastrami sliders, skinny fries and a side of blue cheese fondue to dip my fries in.  The food was decent but I didn't care as long as I had my dear friend apricot ale to hold and sip.  I was so sad when it was gone I ordered another one.  . The place seemed a little over priced but after all this is Vegas.
When you walk for a little over two hours in the maze of the Strip casinos like a modern Daedalus AFTER running a half-marathon and almost being trampled by an angry crowd - you are HUNGRY.. And thirsty.. For beer, in my case.. . We had set our views on Todd English PUB before race, thinking that it was far enough from Mandalay Bay to be spared by runners. And since we had parked our car in the Aria - we just had to eat ourselves silly, roll out of the restaurant and into the car, set autopilot to the hotel and go to bed.. Easy enough.. . But the place was totally hopping when we arrived, and we were told that it would be a 45-minute wait. Bummer. Fear not, dear friends. We managed to grab seats at the bar, sit down (felt like heaven) and went to business.. . The place is nice and definitely "urban pub"-like. And the menu was quite appetizing (but what wouldn't be after such an ordeal?); I ordered just before the last call a glorious shepherd's pie that was probably the best I have had in my life. Big chunks of beef AND lamb in a luscious ragu sauce, fluffy potatoes, generous layer of melted cheese - the ultimate comfort meal. But it was $18. OK. I get it. You are paying for the name, and the craft.. But when you go on the beer menu and see that a pint of PBR is priced $9 - you have to wonder. Who are they kidding here? Fine, we are in Vegas. On the Strip. But PBR is PBR. I couldn't get over it. I ended up choosing the only "reasonable" choice on this insanely extravagant drink menu - a combo PBR tall boy and a shot of Jameson for $14.. . Slots machines are definitely not the only money traps out there.
This is a very casual restaurant.  I like their lobster sandwich, onion rings, and duck bum.  The salad was just okay.
Great vibe, and great-sounding beer list, but... . . As soon as we sat down (nice atmosphere, by the way), the waitress breathlessly told us that they had 38 (38!) beers on tap.  Only... they only had one of seven seasonal beers.  O-kaaaayyyyy...  so I guess that means they have 32 beers. . How about...?  Nope.  The next half dozen choices we came up with, they didn't have.  So in actuality they had AT THE MOST 26 beers.  Our problem was that the rest of the beers we could choose from we had already had (or they were IPAs, and that's a beer designed by people who hate beer), and we wanted to try something new.  The waitress was very apologetic, and we finally found one we could live with. . . We only ordered an appetizer, the dirty chips.  Tasty, and even if you think you don't like chicken livers, don't worry -- they're fried and don't taste much like liver, and there's only four pieces around the side, so you don't even have to eat them if you don't want to.. . At some point someone whom I assume was the manager came over to apologize for the lack of beers (I THINK he said something about changing the beers and menu hadn't changed yet???) -- but he also did something that turned this from a slam review to a "you know, I'd go there again, and tell people to try it out."  He comped the beers we had, and asked if we would like to try something else.  We thanked him and told him there wasn't anything else we wanted to taste.  But he came up with a Belgian that sounded good -- but instead of the little tastes we thought he'd bring over, he came with two full sized glasses (it was a tasty beer, too!), which were also comped.. . Things go wrong sometimes, but how you handle it makes all the difference.  This was deft handling!. . I say try the place out.  It's a great place for a little bit of food, some good beer, and great vibe.
I'm still at 3 stars for this place. Love the decor and atmosphere, but everything continues to be just a-ok.. . The beer list, while good, is actually a bit underwhelming. In fact, I think it has shrunk instead of grown. But it is one of the few places around Vegas where I can get a Timmermans.. . After them being out of wings the first time I attempted to have them here, I finally did actually have them on my last visit. They were good, but not great. I liked the presentation of them. The breading was eh. The flavor was decent, but not spicy enough. The blue cheese was great.
Maybe the only place that closes in Vegas, Todd English opens at 11am,  a miss for those in search of morning pub fare as an alternative to the traditional Vegas brunch options.. . Raw bar is very good, with the lobster cocktail hitting all the marks: fresh and abundant, served in the shell (full tail and claws!) with a homemade cocktail sauce.  The sliders were average, the frites were frozen (my life's biggest angst...); while my colleague had English fish and chips, while it was cod (yum!) it did not look hand dipped, and again with the frozen "chips'.... . I asked for Guinness, and while the server (who was very attentive and friendly) never said anything, I know she was feeding me semi-stout from a local brewery. Why not just say so?  If I ask for Diet Coke, servers typically go out of their way to say "We only have diet Pepsi..."  but I digress.. . Impressive facility (hell, its Vegas...) but didn't have the requisite pubby feel to it. And $140 for lunch for two (3 pints each) is a bit rich.  Yeah, yeah, maybe I don't need 3 pints at lunch... save it.. . Oh! and they have a hot dog on the menu for $18...wtf?
Todd English PUB has rich hearty pub food. I love the decor and the windows that open into Aria. We had the chicken pot pie and fish and chips. Both were great. The potpie had a film crust and very rich filling (heavy cream probably). Our waitress was attentive and helpful.  . The only complaint I have is the hostess service. When I arrived I was looking into the restaurant for the rest of my party and they did not offer to help or see if they were there. I ended up waiting outside and then calling my party to find they were already seated. This one of my biggest pet peeves with restaurants. Your first impression when you walk into the restaurants sets the tone for the entire meal. If your hostess service is good, you probably will overlook flubs throughout the meal.
We recently were in Las Vegas and had read multiple reviews of Todd English (even though I had never heard of him) and went to his Pub.  We enjoyed our meal here and our server was really nice, friendly and helpful.  There were obviously tons of beers and I decided on the Delerium Tremen which was really good.  For my meal I ordered the brown butter lobster roll and it was super tasty with the rolls toasted just enough to make them crispy.. . It's definitely pub food here and a little expensive but that's to be expected in Vegas.
I've been here before - because of it's location. It is inside the Aria - with outdoor seating right by the doors to the City Center. Ideal location - to get some fresh air, rest your feet.. . We've only had the raw oysters, sliders, and some sangria.. The food is good - but the service is terrible. It takes forever to get anything - menus, water, drinks, the check....
This is a nice "non-strip" feel pub that is on the strip. It is in the new Aria. The spot is tucked away with a small outside entrance. Once you enter you can definitely feel the friendly pub vibe. . The bar is smack dab in the center of the place. There are a ton of seats. Or if you prefer a table you can go that route as well. The outside seating looked nice. It was full so we went for the bar seat. Our server was quick and friendly. I was starving after walking all around that day so it was nice to have good service. . The bar has these mini hour glasses and apparently if you can finish a beer before it runs out the beer is free. Seems like a cool idea.. I ordered the bangers and mash and my man got the grilled cheese with brie. Both dishes were bomb. The bangers and mash was rich and tasty. It had a true home made taste. Nice and hearty. The grilled cheese was really rich. I would only recommend this sandwich to those who like the stinky cheese......and a lot of it. I mean don't get me wrong it was great. It was just stinky cheeseeeee. . They have a full bar and a few beers on tap. Typical bud light type beers as well as darker beers like IPA's. They had a good selection in general. . If you are looking for something that doesn't feel like the strip but is on the strip....go here. You won't be disappointed.
The PUB is good, but not great, and falls a bit short of expectations based on the price, especially since this place is at heart, an English style pub.  The beer selection is great, but over-priced - if you think you can chug a full imperial pint in just under 7 seconds, give it a try and you'll be rewarded with a free beer if you succeed (but like most carnival games, don't count on winning).  The food is good, but again, not great, and falls a bit short of expectations.  I'm also a bit disappointed by the scale of the menu here - while it seems fairly large at first glance, upon closer inspection you'll see a lot of variations the same classics, mainly burgers and sandwiches.  Don't get me wrong, they are perfectly good, but coming from the mind of Todd English, I simply expect a bit more creativity and diversity - everything on the menu is fairly standard fare.. . You won't go wrong by stopping in for a beer and a quick bite to eat, but for the price, you might just be better off heading somewhere else, such as The Pub at Monte Carlo.
Nice ambience and good food, but for a price.  I stopped by in need of a liquor mop while waiting for my friends to show up, and had some prawns and oysters, and also the lobster rolls, which were pretty spectacular and chock full of sweet lobster goodness.   They also have a really extensive beer list, but ~$10 a pint (even for PBR !!) starts to add up. . . Still, it's a good place to check out either during happy hour or if you walk away from the Aria tables with a little extra scratch.
I wouldn't say there was anything 'special' about this place, as it was your basic American Irish Pub trying to be Irish. The food portions were grand, and I will say their food was quite tasty.  The service was what I expected - average, so no surprise there. Overall I would say that I was neutral about this restaurant. It met my need to consume food for energy and survival, and outside of that, it didn't 'wow' me in any way.
Stopped by this week for happy hr specials, $3 sliders means a slider not two not three just one mini burger.. And I mean mini.  Oysters were good,  service great..   A bit high on the $$$$$. Oh well it's Vegas ..
3.5 STARS for their very generous and expansive happy hour and their friendly and helpful bartenders/staff.  I came here on a weekday and even though there were a share of tourists and locals, this place was very full at the bar area.  Most of the staff were very chatty...there was a little bit of a back and forth between two staff workers on who really was the more devoted Kobe Bryant and Lakers fan!. . I got three oysters plus a pint of Lagunitas from my beloved city of San Francisco and later on some sweet potato fries.  With happy hour pricing, all of that fell under $20.  I did try their Deschutes Inversion IPA but since it was a cask beer, they served it room temp which sort of turned me off.  I realized I need my beer cold.  The oysters were fresh and a steal at $2 each.  . . Now to the beer selection: although they do offer a lot of selections and I saw the taps all around the bar to show it, I wasn't as impressed as I thought.  My usual excitement when I go to a place with lots of draught beers, is to find something that I haven't tried and usually it's an unique brew that is hard to find or something like that.  Out of all of the beers that were offered, I think I've tried at least half of them and most of the other half I didn't really want to try.  I was hoping maybe to see some smaller breweries from Southern California or Portland but I saw a lot of familiar names: Sam Adams, Trumer Pils, Shock Top, and Sierra Nevada.. . It's still a good place to go for a drink and to watch the game but maybe I'm a beer snob.  And the regular menu I didn't try like sandwiches and entrees but with the slightly higher price point due to the location on the Strip and all, I probably will be sticking with happy hour at the bar.
I came here with a group of friends for the happy hour special on a weekday. We had some food credit with Vdara, which sadly later on we found out the food from this establishment didn't count part of the food credit with Vdara program, darn! Even though we did ask the employees here at this restaurant whether it would count, and they said it would - lame! . . Regardless, this place is super over-hyped and over-priced. I didn't find any of the food to be fabulous or that great. We ordered 2 or 3 rounds of oysters, I found them to be small and nothing spectacular. Then we ordered 2 rounds of chicken wings which were yummy. And we also had the onion rings, which are HUGE, but I didn't find the flavor to be that great, but then again I'm not a fan of onion rings. . . They need to bring down the prices at this establishment and maybe it'll be on the same level as the food quality. . . But then again it could be me, because I always see this place packed when I pass by.
1 star for the beer selection. another star for the looks of the bar. and the third star is for the happy hour deals they have. . -1 star for not having 3 of the 4 beers I actually wanted. -1 star for our waitress who asked "do you want another drink?" and when my wife responded "not yet" the waitress put the bill on the table and walked away. I don't know about you, but I'm pretty sure "not yet" means that you would like another drink when you finish the one you have. I don't think it means "not yet, we are done and you can push us out the door even though it's nowhere near closing time and you definitely don't need this table."
Todd English is alright. Sure, they have a lot of microbrews; however, I don't think I ever spent more on a microbrew before. It is best to come here for the twice daily happy hour to get 50% off beer on tap.. . The food is also okay. I ordered some chicken sliders, which were just okay. My girlfriend and I also ordered some appetizer, but I can't remember now.
I've been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. Both times I ate at the bar.. . The appetizer chili is great.  The beer selection and the casual ambiance is great too. I got the fresh carved meat - lamb with a few sauces on the side.  The meat was ok, i was expecting it to be more flavorful and moist.  The portion, however, was very large. I could not finish it and I got the single portion.  The side sauces were just ok.  . . There are other items that look great I still want to try, but the carved meat is their "specialty" which was a little disappointing.
The ambiance, beer selection and staff were wonderful. The beer price is steep.  I didn't try the food. A fun place to kill several hours watching the Olympics. I will be back to try the food menu and continue drinking my way through the beer menu.
My friend and I came in here on a whim after a long morning of pai gow poker. We were totally suckered in by the huge Happy Hour sign. $1 wings, $2 oysters and $3 sliders! . . The restaurant seemed really busy, so we didn't want to wait for a table. Luckily, there were a couple bar stools open, so we were able to snag a seat rather quickly. The bartender was running around....but didn't seem to notice me or my friend. We sat there awkwardly for a while until he finally brought us some menus. He didn't really talk to us, and he barely cracked a smile. Usually I love chatting up people at the bar, but this bartender just didn't seem very friendly at all. -1 star for the unfriendly service. . We ordered a couple of oysters and sliders. The oysters were fresh, but I've had better. The sliders were good....but again nothing to rave about. We got to sample some beer from New Zealand (they were doing some sort of promotion). The beer was fantastic. Really light and refreshing. It was exactly what I needed on a hot Vegas day.. . Nice pub in the heart of the City Center, but I don't know if I'd actually come back for more. The food and beer were both good, but the service was seriously lacking. There are so many great restaurants in Vegas, and this one definitely didn't wow me like others have.
Food is tasty, they have a good beer selection and the atmosphere is cool. BUT I think the food is overpriced. I know it's Vegas, but still.. . A great tip...if you can chug beer like a pro go for the 7 second beer challenge. Choose a beer ($10 or less) and if you can finish it in 7 second or less it's free. You can do this twice daily.
We have been to PUB a couple of times now.  On both occasions we have eaten and also taken on the 7 second beer challenge.. . The beer challenge is a lot of fun - you used to be able to select form any beer on the - very extensive menu - but now you are limited by price to only certain beers - and you have 7 seconds to down your pint.  If you succeed you get the beer for free (limit of two) if not, you have to pay for it.. . I would recommend that you pick a less gassy beer (my favorite is Boddington's, very smooth).. . As for the food, we have tried 5 or 6 of the entrees (as our last visit was in a large group) and it really wasn't that great - sometimes it has been the flavors, sometimes the "secret" ingredients that aren't listed on the menu but come as garnishes on the plate.. . Their fries are pretty good (sweet, steak and frites) so I would say get a side of those.. . The food prices are a few bucks more than I think are reasonable and on any future visits I think we will stick to just some drinks and eat elsewhere.. . I suppose it is just our taste in food as we ate at Todd English's "Olive" in Bellagio on a previous trip and didn't much care for that either.
I  like to concept of a casual pub, especially in a higher end hotel/shopping mall. . . For my first visit here, my co workers and I came in for lunch and I had the chicken pot pie. I know it is usually better to have more meat or protein in dishes,  but there was way too much chicken in this pot pie. . . My second visit, I had a  variety of  their carved meats. The carved meats were good and they came with more than 6 sauces as a spread. Part of the carvery meats, you also get rolls, so you can make your own sandwich if that's how you like it. . . Overall, it's a nice restaurant to get casual food.. . I am meaning to come back to check out their happy hour..... $1 oysters, can't beat that.
My wife and I ate there last Saturday.  We were pressed for time and they got us in, fed and out just in time to make our show.  The food was pretty good.  I had the carvery chicken and enjoyed it.  My wife had the bangers and mash and thought it was just ok.
Descent microbrew.  My sliders were pretty good.  She got the chicken pot pie which was soupy and disappointing.   I'd like to give them a better review but sending out chicken soup with some puff pastry on top shows a lack of quality.
This review is based on a brunch, here's the breakdown:. . Food: 3/5. Atmosphere: 3/5. Service: 2/5. . Food-. I ordered the corned beef, potato, with egg on top skillet.  I found it to be pretty bland.  The corned beef itself was good but the potato cubes had no flavor.  I thought the egg on top was going to be a sunny side up egg, but it seems to have been over cooked and was more of a sunny side up hard boiled egg.  My wife had the cured salmon bagel tacos and they were pretty good and creative.  We also had a side of pickles (different flavors), I expected something like a New York deli pickles butthere didn't seem to be much variety in the group.. . Atmosphere-. It is loud in here.  This is a hotspot for the hangover crowd (their specialty is organic bloody mary's).  The decorum is simply...pub.. . Service-. We waited about 10 minutes before our waitress made it over.  When my wife asked what cure salmon was ( I had already told her it was cold smoked salmon but she didn't believe me) the waitress replied that it was grilled.  When we got the dish it was indeed cold smoked salmon.  To say the least, service is lacking... we saw the waitress just before as it was time to see the bill the second time.  Prepare to fend for yourself.. . Would I come back?  Maybe
Terrible Lobster Rolls, Solid Ahi Tuna and free beer if you chug it in under 7 seconds. Oddly enough, I kind of liked Todd English Pub, but not enough to give it 4 stars.. . Good spot for beers if you're trapped at the Aria for 6 days and don't have much interest in venturing out. . 2014 visit: Cioppino was actually decent.
Average. I've had the burger as well as the seafood stew. Both were good, but nothing out of the ordinary. What irked me about the restaurant is the service. I was contemplating giving a 2 star simply due to the ridiculously terrible service. The waiter today was nonchalant and simply going through the motions of appearing to be helpful. The manager was the worst. Our table of six and the table behind us were watching the bear's game. With only 8 minutes left in the game, it got switched to some other game that was just starting. It took them about 10 minutes toswitch it back and the manager insisted that all ten of us have been watching the other game this entire time and that the game has not been switched. Seriously?? You're going to question the judgment of 10 of your paying guests and refuse to change the channel when you are supposed to be a sports bar? Ridiculous.
I am not a big fan of all of the restaurants on the strip with famous chefs names on them.  But this place looked interesting on the outside and i was craving a burger so i decided to stop in.  A buddy and i sat at the bar and decided to order a few burgers.  Our bartender was awesome and accommodating.  I am a huge fan of pickled foods so i ordered the new Amsterdam.  Burger, Swiss, sauerkraut, and pastrami. All of my favorite things.  But i could not taste any of them cause of the damn brioche bun that is all the new rave these days.  It just mutes all of those amazing pickled flavors i should have been tasting.  The burger is too big to fit in any normal persons mouth.  When i go to eat a burger i want to taste ground beef that is seasoned perfectly throughout and whatever else i choose to top it with.  All i got was brioche bun which is so filling and taste muting.  I had a few fries but i was stuffed by the burger.  It is a fun restaurant i will give it that, everyone was having a great time i just want to know what happened to the sweet tasting soft buns that let one taste the burger!
So disappointing. The service was horrible. Beer tap selection was sad. Had an Old Guardian because it was somewhat interesting. Food? Our server forgot to order it. The "frickles" and fries were so-so. Save your money and find a Sin City Brewing Co. Station instead.
I will keep this short....Ate here for lunch. Most of the food was a 4 but the service was a 2 hence my 3star rating. Got seated right away then we just sat, and sat and sat. They we sat and waited for drinks and then we waited forever for food that all came out at different times. Then we sat about 10-15 waiting for our check after we asked our waitress for it. . . I will most likely not repeat visit this establishment
Vegas buffets are glorious and all, but i didn't feel like losing all self-esteem before going out one particular night, so I came to check out Todd English P.U.B. Good food. Great beer selection. Tons of TV to watch any games while you eat. However, prices will keep me from visiting this place too often in the future.. . The environment is loud and fun. I really liked the place mats because they had quotes praising the awesomeness of alcohol. My favorite was by Frank Sinatra saying "I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day." . . Now the food. We came for happy hour, so the sliders and oysters are HH prices.. . Sliders ($3) - The meat is cooked great, which is sometimes hit and miss when dealing with sliders. The buns are soft and buttery. Great slider, but 3 dollars is a steep price to pay for such a small thing.. . Oysters ($2) - I was unimpressed with the oysters. They didn't taste fresh, and it felt really water-y. No brine-y or sweet burst of flavor. The cocktail sauce was good, but I think a good oyster needs to be able to stand on its own.. . Lobster Roll ($24) - Soft, toasty and buttery texas toast. Succulent lobster meat. The lobster roll was fantastic. Again, the price is steep at $24, but of the three things I tried, the lobster roll was the most worth the price.. . Also, beers are half priced during happy hour, which is great because the selection is extensive.
Came here for lunch on a Monday afternoon, got seated right away.. Ordered the braised clams and corned beef,. . Food came about 10 min after I ordered.. . Never really been to this kind of styled pub before.. . The food would've been good if I had a few beers on an empty stomach.. . I guess this isn't a place I would normally go to. A little to salty for my taste.. . The service was pretty good our server was attentive :). . I probably wouldn't come back . Just not my kinda place
They never have the beers I want!
Not impressed. Service was slow and food  was mediocre. Tacos OK. Black Bean, corn and rice had very little corn and black beans. Only positive was I get to sit outside on a nice, sunny, day.
Loved the Dirty chips appetizer. But they got rid of them and have a new variation on the menu. The bartender told me they could still make it- so I ordered them...not the same, they didn't have chicken livers...which I don't particularly like, but quickly found out, their flavor is important to the dish as a whole. Then the bacon was missing and they had some other stuff in them that wasn't there in the original dish. My fault for trying to force it- so I'm sad to say, the OG Dirty Chips are no more and you shouldn't try to get them to make it. . . The location is perfect! easy to get to from both directions on the Strip.. . I've eaten here probably 7 times and never been overly excited about any of the main dishes. They are all marginal to good- but nothing overly exciting. It's a shame. . . Great beer selection and a pretty good scotch selection as well. They have a half priced happy hour from 10-12, which is nice.. . Their Captain Crunch bread pudding is one of the best deserts in the world!!. . So, my suggestion- go elsewhere for dinner and hit TE for drinks and sugary finish.
I've been here 3 times now, and tried several different menu items. Overall, this is a good place to go with some friends to have a light dinner and a couple of beers.. . The items I've had: Brown Butter Lobster Rolls, Tuna Burger, Fish and Chips, Slider Sampler, deep fried oysters, and the bread pudding.. . The best item is the Brown Butter Lobster Rolls. These are delicious, and they don't skimp on the lobster meat.. . The rest of the items are just ok (standard pub fare) and quite frankly overpriced for what you get.. . The bread pudding had potential and some interesting ingredients but just wasn't set up when I got it after quite a long wait.. . One other issue I had with this place was how loud it is. I think whoever is setting the level on the music has some hearing loss! This place is not family friendly AT ALL.
Staff could use a little more knowledge.  Great that they had a couple cask offerings, as well as a good number of draft and bottle options.  Not so great that the bartender knew name of the cask beer (Inverted), but didn't know the brewery (Deschutes), nor the style (IPA). . . Happy hour $2 oysters. Decent looking presentation. Silver tray. Oysters, seaweed, horseradish, mignonette, and cocktail sauce. Large format ice cubes. Should be shaved. Total mess, toppling oysters on their side losing all of their salty liquid awesomeness. . . Glass of cask IPA arrived in an attractive hurricane glass, but both times ordered, it was a complete disaster. Completely overflowed, sticky, attached napkin sadness with glass staged for leaving strategicaly placed bombing run droplets on my pants.  Complete shamefullness of a pour (pun  -ha!) and presentation. Delivered 2nd time, even after my initial (insert image of "c'mon...really dude" facial expression) combined with an immediate and albeit exaggerated lunge for a stack of cocktail napkins in an attempt to save my smartphone from a night in a ziplocked bag of raw white rice.. . Overall, it's a great location with some pretty good offerings.  Just needs a little more attention to the details.
I have been here a couple of times on different visits to Vegas and both times I left well satisfied but not necessarily wowed. On both occasions hubby and I ordered the pickled vegetables which are really delicious though with their strong flavor they can be a bit much. I recommend ordering them with a group. Last time we got something from "the carvery" which is also a good option for sharing. Our last visit we were there too late for a big meal so we just stuck to appetizers and drinks. In addition to the pickles we got some wings and the corn dog bites. Both were pretty tasty.. . Of course being a pub most people come to Todd English's to drink and that is where they really shine. Their list of craft beers is stellar. I really like the fact that they have a description of each one on the menu. That makes me more confident to try new ones. However, that also seems to be a crutch for the staff since our server was not familiar with them at all. We actually had to point at the ones we wanted while he wrote them down. Other than that he was pretty good but not overly friendly. We were there during March madness so there was a lively crowd clustered around the tv but the rest of the place was pretty mellow. I think this would be a good option for some late night drinks since they have a reverse happy hour from 10pm to midnight (yes, that is late for me) and a lot of bars and even restaurants on the strip get way too clubby for my taste at that hour.. . Overall this place is a Vegas style (i.e. cheesy knockoff but still cool in its own way) approximation of a British pub and even though the food does not impress, it is decent. One of the cheaper options in City Center for lunch or dinner. A better choice for hanging out over drinks with friends.
Todd English P.U.B.was passable for taking out of town visitors staying at Aria. Even though they had hand crafted and self-created Bloody Marys, I still think my top 3 are: 1) LBS 2) Peppermill 3) Hash House a-Go-Go. Bloody Mary's tried: 3: 2 self-created and the Todd English Meat & Potatoes (which takes a great picture) . Fat Girl Seating: Not bad but the tables are close together. but to their credit they do have armless chairs & it is sturdy.. Food: boring. It was just ok. Broad selection but their brunch menu only had 6 items. My mini-corn dogs were still cold in the middle (I'm guessing from being frozen and then warmed up) - the tacos (I shared the plate) were tasty but way too wet (3 types of sauce) - the hash looked good, but was with lox so you know I didn't partake. We  deconstructed the grilled cheese sandwich. The Parm sliders were ok but the sauce was bland.. . My overall commentary: Thank the goddess it is not on my visa card. On the plus side: they have to-go cups.
Seems like a cool place to chill and grab a few drinks at. Came here with some friends a few days ago while staying in Vegas and I was impressed by the look and feel of the place. They have an every day Happy Hour menu as well as beer pong and darts. They also have a 7 seconds or less challenge where you can participate in chugging a brew down in 7 seconds.. I made it in 6 ;). . Didn't get to try the food but my fiance ordered the buttered lobster rolls w/ aoli sauce and I took a bite... Not impressed. My friend who recommended the place said the burgers aren't too good so i just stuck to my free budlight you get when you check in and also tried a craft brew that was pretty good but I don't remember the name.
We came partly to catch a basketball game but mostly for the beer challenge. A pint of beer (under $10) in 7 seconds. I could never do it, but a couple friends did. Apparently you can only try it twice a day. In terms of food, I had the lobster roll with coleslaw and loved it. Even though it's lobster and Vegas, I still think it's a little pricey at $24. It's also not a dish that will fill you up. I sampled a bite of the Perfect Cure (waffle fries, beef patty, chili, eggs) and the Pub Hash (corned beef) and both were so-so. They are heavy dishes so beer pairs perfectly. I might come back with friends to watch a game and grab a beer, but I wouldn't call the food here a highlight.
Good food but prices are way too much for what they offer. $20 Bloody Mary? Ehhh
I probably wont be coming back here for their raw bar, but they make a pretty fantastic bloody mary. We ordered a dozen oysters from the oyster bar but they came out very dirty and not shucked well. When I asked the waiter where the oysters were from, he answered "the ocean?". I normally would've found this answer amusing, if he wasn't dead serious and couldn't comprehend the idea that I was asking for the region. But I guess at $2 per oyster you get what you pay for. We ended up not eating most of them.. . We each ordered a deconstructed sandwich. I had the duck which was not bad and my friend had the lamb (which to me was pretty gamey, tho my friend didn't think so). The place has a large beer selection with a full bar as well. I had them make my spicy bloody mary with top shelf vodka and it was probably the best I've had. Although, it came out to about $19 for the drink. My friend just had a vodka on the rocks. That being said our bill came out to about $90 total for the dozen oysters, two drinks and two sandwiches.. . I doubt I'd go back for a meal but may make a pit-stop to catch a drink.
Fun and vibrant place, even in the mid-afternoon.  The beer selection is good, though I wouldn't say that it was super extensive like a place that specializes in beer.  The Fish and Chips were pretty basic, without much added flair, though I did like the side of cole slaw and peas (together).  Service at the bar was friendly, though a little on the slow side due to the constant activity from the crowd.  The food, however, came relatively quickly after being ordered.  As many others have mentioned, the 7 Second Challenge involves chugging any beer (up to two per day) within 7 seconds to win the beer for free.
I had the lobster rolls, which were overpriced, but damn good. Nicely toasted buttery rolls, and big chunks of lobster. The complimentary tin of popcorn is tasty too. The service was pleasant but a little slow. It is nice to sit out on the patio under an umbrella though, especially when a breeze is blowing, and sneak bits of popcorn to the little birds. The outdoor seating area is between Aria and Crystals, so you can get some good people watching as well.
Exactly like any other phony British gastropub but with a lot more attitude from the self-absorbed bar staff and a lot less choices at the raw bar. Not my cup of tea.
The food is so mediocre in every way. The beer list and Eleanor are above average.
Very popular pub milieu that's a welcome break from the lounge vibe and uber-throbbing in most of the other proximate options. Wide beer selection and - with proper Happy Hour timing - reasonably priced (for Vegas Strip) prices. Staff was friendly. Can be cacophonous, especially if high-stakes sporting events are being displayed on their many TVs. Sliders so-so.
We came here post-show to get something to eat/drink. I'd looked at the menu and it looked reasonable so we made an Open Table reservation and headed over. The menu was not up to date online and unfortunately wasn't as cheap as I'd seen. . . My biggest complaint is a) this isn't a real gastropub and b) the beer list is laughable. Horrible. Terrible. They make it sound like it's this really expansive and amazing beer list. What is it really? It's basically the swill of every western country. Coors, Bud, Stella, Guinness (Guinness isn't swill, I'll admit that), PBR. Oh, and those swill beers? Yeah, the PBR was $9. It's so absurd it's almost funny. We were going to wait 20 minutes for happy hour to start, so at least the beers would be half off, but when our waitress came over she explained that they had a New Belgium seasonal for $3/pint. I don't understand how they can sell PBR for $9 and an actually drinkable beer for $3, but whatever. . . For food we got some salads and sliders. My greek salad was a big portion and good, and we also got some fried pickles to share. The majority of our pickles were bread and butter, which I don't think works very well in a fried pickle, but they came with several sauces and were pretty good. At this time our server got super overwhelmed and sort of ignored us for 15 minutes at a time, but the bussers were very nice and even asked if I didn't like my food, because I only ate about half of it out of fullness. . . It wasn't bad for a somewhat affordable after-show option, but honestly I'd avoid it in the future. It acts like something it's not and man, that beer list. I don't normally call myself a beer snob, but I'll happily wear my beer snob hat for the rest of eternity if it means I don't have to see that sad a beer list again.
It's a nice place to go to to watch any kind of sports or catch any kind of event on TV. It's just a really nice feel to it because of the environment at P.U.B. It's a really fun place(or I had a lot of fun) because I drank a lot when I came here. They have a beer challenge that you can do where if you finish a pint in 7 seconds, you get it for free which is limited to twice a day. A lot of fun things you can do here and it just puts you in a good mood with all the alcohol going on in the restaurant. . . The food is a bit different though. The food is a bit average but all the food goes quite well with the alcohol(obviously). I would prob come back but I do wish the food tasted better or else it would have been an easy 4 stars. I would recommend people to drop by if you never tried it and do the challenge which I fail...(shh I already had quite a bit before the challenge)
We came here for HH Oysters and beer. So we didn't get a chance at the food. Oyster were okay. $1 per Wing, $2 Oysters and $3 per Slider. Not a bad deal for being in Aria and being on the strip. We got Oysters from East and West coast which was nice to have the variety. They do a 7 second Beer challenge, which is a pretty sweet deal. Drink any Pint of beer that is $10 or less on their beer menu in less than 7 seconds and the beer is free (Limit 2). You want to start the night off right in Vegas? 1/2 Dozen $2 Oysters and 2 Beers each chugged in less than 7 seconds makes for a really good/cheap start to a night in Vegas! . Oh, and I'm a Popcorn Freak. Free popcorn at your table. And they have the tables with built in Taps. . Decent Spot, check it out! If anything, stop in for your free 7 second beer!
We came here for lunch and this is a mixed review of our experience at the PUB. Jesse got one of the burgers and I was so tired of burgers. I ended up with Pasta dish with Chicken. It was a big mistake. My pasta was bland with only two pieces of chicken. I should have known better, not to order pasta dish here.. . We also ordered Buffalo Wings which were yummy. Jesse liked his burger. Our server was great. I'm willing to give PUB another try next time when I'm in Vegas. I will get the burger though. No more pasta.
There was a time I was blind, I was so confused. Run away just to hide it all from you.. But baby, you knew me better than I knew myself. They say if you love something let it go at... P.U.B. - Judith Hill (what a girl wants cover). . I actually haven't been to many of Todd English's restaurants even though he has a ton. I never noticed this place in the past (maybe its new-ish) at City Center but it's got a fun atmosphere. We came here for lunch and I got to create my own sandwich. You choose one meat, one type of bread, and two sauces and you put it together yourself. . . Protein: prime rib beef. Bread: sourdough. Sauces: horse radish / black truffle dip. . The putting together part isn't as fun as it sounds, but I guess I understand their thought process behind it. They want you to be able to enjoy the components separately since there was salmon as a choice and some other things. Oysters looked pretty good, didn't try em though. Also our meal came out before they finished shucking them. The sandwich was really good but wished I didn't have to put it together myself. Service was a little weird, but i guess its VEGAS BABY!
I think we should have stopped with just having "bar" food and drinks.  The hot wings were pretty good but then we got our entres.  One of us had the chicken pot pie which was ok but very watery and someone needs to learn how to season and I got the fish and chips.  They were so greasy you could literally ring them out. We wound up sending that back and not having them try to make another one, ther was no taste as well, someone really needs to season the food.  I think it would be reAlly good bar food but way to over priced for the food in the restaurant.  Not sure we will come back.
Went for happy hour.  Sliders and chickens wings just O.K.  Bartender obviously tried to rip me off on check.  Charged $10 for 1/2 price wine and when questioned became defensive and got attitude after he changed and bill and threw it on the bar.
Not too crowded but FN noisy. Stadium style and booths and table seating with compulsory sticky elbows from soiled tables. Servers were nice but there was a turn and burn feeling. Pseudo pub food was adequately expensive for average quality fare of what was intended by namesake chef Todd English. I think you should need be drunk first. Beverage selection was featured but no real focus. Not an English Pub, not a local bar. Was expecting more local brews, but all they had was one, the others were vague or out. Black&Tan was $12. Either the server was confused or untrained. Unless you have a large group, are inebriated or are desperate for food, spend $$ elsewhere.
Fun environment, the fried pickles were yummy... But the salad was overpriced and the server was unfriendly.
Came here with my boss on a work trip. Great ambiance and aesthetically pleasing. When you walk in there is an open seafood bar, "Raw Bar", some bar tables with taps built right into them, and a big selection of food. My boss and I each had yummy salads. The prices were reasonable, considering the town we were in. Very convenient location in the hotel. I loved the customer service; she wasn't snobby or pretentious, she seem happy and willing to help.
Stopped by for a late dinner for the first time last week and overall I kinda expected more from the place. The place itself looks great, big open restaurant with alot of beers on tap, great vibe and the service was on point. I remember PUB used to be popular for nickel beers but they discontinued it as the place probably became a mad house. . . I describe their menu as high-end bar food with a British twist. The beer tap selection is what definitely makes it worth coming in along with a decent happy hour. My cousin ordered from their carved meat menu which comes with a couple slices of a selected meat, some bread and a choice of side. The turkey he ordered was pretty dry and I thought the portions were surprisingly small. For the $20 they charged him I thought he would have been better off ordering a regular dish. I saw some of the other diners order from the carved meat menu and their food looked equally mediocre.. . I got the chicken parm sliders and had no qualms. Nice fluffy bread, perfect amount of sauce and cheese and chicken was great. . The bread pudding for desert was pretty meh.. I forgot to realize that it came packed with raisins which I can't stand but thats my fault for not anticipating it. The whole thing seemed to be soaked with rum which kinda gave it an odd flavor However! It's totally Todd English's fault for giving such a tiny scoop of ice cream along with a large serving of the bread pudding. I guess its a pet peeve of mine when restaurants don't serve certain dishes in proper proportions, this 1 clearly needed to be in a 1:1 ratio, but the captain crunch cereal pieces were pretty cool.. . Ultimately the food is good but not great. PUB is great for the brews and a snack but their are more worthy places in City Center for dinner.
It's decent. The food is okay and they have that free PBR chug thing. Get the lobster rolls for sure and try out the PBR challenge. It's essentially a free beer.
Food was decent, slightly better quality bar food. The beers were good and they have a big selection. Good thing I got a pre-selected beer flight because I wouldn't have been able to decide what to order.
Visited this spot after Zarkana last month since it was close by. The restaurant had a dark ambiance. Low light and upscale looking. It was pretty empty, bright spot it was happy hour tho(10pm to closing). All I had was a couple sliders since I wasn't too hungry from my late lunch previously in the day. They were good, not as good as the kobe sliders at Bacchanal but ok. Nothing too memorable about the experience. Waitress seemed in a bit of a rush to take our order since she didn't seem to want to, or didn't think we needed much explaining on the regular or happy hour menu.. It's definitely not a cheap place to eat. But I know to expect that dining on the strip. Even with some of our items being happy hour specials, it still came out to around $100 for 4. Not sure if I'd revisit, but it would be an ok option if I was near it and hungry.
I stumbled into this location after leaving the Mall and was pleasantly surprised to find a beer bar.. . The menu itself is pub - bar food as the name implies. You do get free popcorn as a side but its sort of boring just as the burger I ordered was. . . What really drew myself to dine here was the beer list, which was fair and had several local and international ales on tap. Pricing was fair, but still you are paying a marked up price for a simple ale. . . The atmosphere is loud and boisterous even during the times there was no game on the televisions, but really what isn't this way in a Vegas bar? . . Service was ok at best and left a lot of room for improvement, namely when it comes to making sure when my glass is getting low to pay attention to my needs. It would be okay if this place was packed but it was not too filled and had a couple of empty tables on the other side of the restaurant.  . . 3 stars - good ale selection for the strip but very dull cuisine.
On a Tuesday afternoon after walking the strip went into the P.U. B. for some nice cold beer and some appetizers we had the Junk Chips  which consist of homeade chips with bbq beef ragu and crumble bleu cheese and alioli along with the sliders (which are on the happy hour menu) and the brown butter lobster Roll with Alioli. All very good. Great place to relax and kick back  You get popcorn the second you walk in.
You get what you should expect on the strip with this place. The service is really hindered by a management practice of being under staffed. Our server apologized to us for a bottle neck at the bar because there was only one bartender on Saturday night at the busy hour. I asked if someone hadn't showed up, and she said, no, this is normal. We always have one bartender who goes insane trying to keep up at this time. Guess the customers' satisfaction and the bartender's sanity is not worth an extra hand. The beer selection is decent, and since you're paying strip prices, and each beer takes 15 minutes minimum, we got a whole pitcher of tripel. No complaints there! The food was good, and of course priced high. I got the lobster rolls which were so widely lauded. I was disappointed that the main ingredient was butter, and it overpowered every other flavor, ESP the lobster. I rubbed all the butter off a piece of lobster to be able to taste it, and it was honestly not very good without its butter bath. Disappointed that a supposedly high end restaurant cannot make a good lobster dish without applying a butter solution to mask any other flavor. The chili burger was actually really good. I recommend that one. We sat outside and enjoyed great people watching while we waited long spells between service visits. Overall, you could do worse on the strip.
This is my 3rd time at Todd's pub. This time we came for happy hour. Loved the chicken wings and the oysters!! Wife had the lobster cob salad, lots of lobster on top. Unfortunately our waitress was horrible. I hate when they become so nice when they bring the check.
We came here for a quick dinner after watching O and before heading out to clubbing. We first wanted to come here cuz we liked to sit outdoor, but we got there right when they stopped seating outdoor.. . The PUB was not very crowded. We quickly ordered our food so we could eat fast. We also checked in on Yelp and got free beers. I don't know why it took the server forever to bring out the beers while it was not many tables and many other servers were just chilling on the side.. . We order 2 sliders which we hoped to come out with fries, but they didn't. The sliders were pretty good with flavorful meat, tomato, shredded lettuce, caramelized onion, thousand island sauce. We also had Bangers and Mash which had 2 grilled sausages and creamy mashed potato. The sausages were actually pretty good although they didn't look appealing. I don't like creamy mashed potato.. so i didn't like it.
Ate here last Wednesday afternoon-the food was good but later my Mom told me that her sliders tasted like they had been sitting out for awhile. I admonished her for not saying anything but she just shrugged. Definitely the type of place to come with friends and order a bunch of stuff to tackle together. We didn't even attempt the lengthy drink menu as we had just come from the spa.
The food was pretty OK, it was kind of plain/bland. I liked the fries. Cool vibe inside and the service was friendly. It's very dark inside. I received a free beer for checking in on yelp too!
We had an awesome lunch out in their patio.  I've heard of Todd English but didn't think he was into "pubs." $1 Brooklyn lager -- great value.  Then we had some lobster rolls -- YUM.  The crab cake sliders were ok, but would definitely go back for the lobster roll.  I know you're probably thinking... lobster at a PUB??  But you gotta try it!  Besides they have sliders, fries, and all the other standard stuff too.
