What was once known as the original MGM Grand Hotel & Casino, it has been Bally's for over 2 decades now.  The property is old and showing it's age.  However, it's not a bad place to visit.  Here's why:. . - Location location location.  It's on the corner of Flamingo and Las Vegas Blvd, which is the center of the Las Vegas Strip.  Easy access to many of the Strip casinos.. . - Monoral station.  The monorail station makes it easy to access hotels on the East side of the Strip.  Why wait and pay for taxis when you can just take the monorail.. . - It's connected to the Paris.  I'm a fan of the Paris and like to have easy access to both properties.  They're literally connected at the hip....you don't have to go outside to visit both places.. . - Sterling Buffet.  The Sterling Buffet on Sunday is one of the best Buffets in town.  Don't let the high price scare you, it's worth it.. . - It's classy.  Despite being an old property, it has remained a classy joint.  One of the few casinos that not only has that classic Vegas look, but that classic Vegas vibe as well.. . Some of the downsides....I wish they would update the property more often.  Besides the Sterling Buffet, there's not much here.  Paris has most of the good food joints.. . Overall, nice place to visit once in a while.. . WIll I return?  Sure.
Bally's is another old property that I remember being so-so and somewhere you would probably want to stay with your family if your family cares not for the glamours of Vegas and the craziness of the bigger casinos. . . It's a nice solid 3-star property with reasonable rates, relatively comfortable rooms, larger than usual bathrooms and regular amenities all around. The staff is nice, the hotel is a little smokey and sometimes check in is slow and check out is slower because the TV is broken and you can't check out through there.. . It has a pretty key location, which can be good or bad depending on how wild you get (but if you're with family, probably not). It reminds me of the Flamingo quite a bit, it's definitely not your high life Vegas spot.
Bally's is conveniently located right in the middle of shops and bars on the strip. Our room in the north tower is great and not too far of a walk from the self-parking lot. My only reason for taking off 2 stars is the poor check-in service and EXTREMELY rude staff member at the counter who goes by the name William. As he began to help us, he walks away without saying why. We wait for 10 minutes before he comes back to finish checking us in. then he tells us there isn't a non-smoking room  available in the tower we originally booked in.  Didn't even offer to find one in the other towers until I asked to speak with a manager. He was rude and condescending the whole entire time, but ending up getting us a non-smoking room so that we wouldn't speak with his manager about his inadequacies in customer service and normal courtesy as a human being.
The beds are comfortable. . . They do not have free wifi which I find ridiculous with the amount you are paying. Barely any cable channels for those who can't go out and have fun. And you have to pay to keep your expensive gear safe.
You have to come here with your expectations in check. It's no frills. It's cheap. It IS on the strip. That's about it. The maid service could use a refresher course in cleaning. The floor was dirty and had food crumbs and a plastic clothing tag. There were always dishes in the hallway that would be there for nearly 24 hours. Knocking and entering at 8am? Not cool. But with expectations in check... it's the best deal for the location.
Kind of the -Days Inn- of the strip. If I were to suddenly polka dot, nay, spray can paint you with random epithets, I'd say this place is family oriented, underwhelming in the gaming area department, corporate-feeling, astonishingly affordable for the location and unmemorable compared to what you can possibly spoil yourself with on other parts of the strip.. . Parking here kind of blows. They make you feel second rate from the get-go. You can self-park and when you get to the elevator, you have to walk through Paris (not a bad thing really, but time consuming) to get to the Bally's registration area, which always seems to have long queues. . . We stayed in the newly renovated North Tower, deluxe room. Averaging $77 a night for Monday and Tuesday nights, I feel like the hotel could have averaged $30 a night had we stayed longer. The luck I had in Vegas made me rue the day a bit.. . That said, the deluxe room just seemed to lack the amenities I had taken for granted as a guest at Mandalay Bay and the Palms in the past. No refrigerator, big boxy television, a tub for a bath and not even a couch to lay down on. The beds DO make up for it and are rather comfortable and spic 'n' span clean.. . Stay here if you'll need more gambling money. But gamble elsewhere. Anywhere elsewhere.
This review is the first in a series of raves and rants regarding all of the casinos I've experienced in Vegas. Not that they don't have enough already. I just want to share dammit.. . I've only been in the rooms here once, and that was 5 years ago, so cannot comment on it.. . OVERALL VIBE. . Ballys in perfectly located given it's appeal towards the budget minded folks. A popular spot for families, as well as younger groups. Very reasonable prices on food throughout the place. The decor is a little bland, but makes for a great casual environment to eat, drink, mingle, and even gamble. Not all ritzy and jazzed up, but not a dump either. A fun vibe with a less-than-normal-disorienting layout.. . POKER. . Poker room gets 4 stars. I frequent the poker room here due to the fact that it is a heavier concentration of nonsense players who are staying at the casino and want to give their luck a try. The poker room is well managed and a decent 1-2 game that gets pretty full around 7pm. They have a lot of bonuses, which contributes to the money on the table as the night progresses, but they also pull $1 extra per hand for it. It is located in the middle of the casino, so it gets a little noisy at times, but the bar is adjacent to it so no worries on cocktail service. . . DRINKS. . They are stingy on the cocktails, even if you take care of the waitress. Fail. They do, however, serve cheap drafts at the bar closest to the entrance by the slots. The late night margarita specials are weak as well. Feel a sugar rush more than you do a buzz.. . Also noteworthy is that the hot chocolate SUCKS. . . VERDICT. . Again, I've never stayed here, so I can't comment on service or the amenities and all that. However, the laid-back, family crowd in a high traffic area along with decent cheap food options and a pretty soft poker game keep me coming back at least once a trip.
I remember the first time I stepped into and stayed in Bally's was in '93 when I accompanied my Mom during a convention she was attending.  Granted I was only a teenager at the time, I had a buddy along so we walked up and down the strip to Circus Circus everyday.  Through the years, the Strip has changed but the hotel hasn't.. . I've stayed at Bally's a few times after that and the rooms have had minor upgrades here and there, nothing major.  The rooms are spacious and every room we were in always had a sofa, which was nice.  The beds are dated and sagging but I've slept on far worse beds.  They still have tube TV's but hopefully that'll change.  One thing that I hope will change are their popcorn ceilings.  The bathroom was spacious but when the toilet flushed, it was loud, you know, that public restroom SWOOSH kind of loud.  Also, the shower head was some type of water saver so the stream of water wasn't quite strong for my taste.  There are no resort fees, which the hotel really touts but, they charge $13.95 for internet access, what a rip!. . The casino has remained the same over the years and their little shopping area has slowly deteriorated.  I remember the pool was always fun, but it's been a few years since I've been there.. . Several family members have told us to try out the Sterling Brunch on Sundays but warned us on this trip to probably skip it as the quality has gone down.  Well for $85 per, I'll take their word for it.. . Overall, Bally's is an okay place to stay, it's in the center of the Strip so you don't have to drive out, it's connected to Paris and within a short walking distance to the other casinos.  Honestly, you can get one hell of a deal on your stay here!  It's not my first choice to stay when in Vegas but it's not the last!
I was lucky enough to stay in the North Tower which was fine. I haven't been to the South Tower, so I can't comment on those rooms.. . I tried to get a room close to my friends since we were here for the same wedding. I came in pretty late, but  the front desk person was pretty accommodating. She found me a room on the same floor, but looked sad as all they had were junior suites which would be an upgrade fee. So for three nights, the cost was 56 bucks. Total. For a suite with a fridge and a lot more space than a normal room. I was fine with that. I went through Priceline anyway, so I got a pretty good deal that I already paid for. . . The room had nice enough beds, but they seemed a little small for queens. The room was clean, the bathroom was clean and the shower had water pressure. I was pretty happy about that. . . Bally's is connected to the Paris so basically you have access to the same stuff as the Paris for a lot less. I was fine with that.  Lots of restaurants on the way to the Paris that are tasty and I've reviewed them. . There is also a food court downstairs on the pool level that includes pizza, hot dogs and stuff that kids and adults would like. . . The Casino is a bit smokey for my taste, but Vegas is pretty smokey.. . Tip. No resort fees. I know that sounds lame, but those add up. Remember that with any of the Harrah's properties. . . Tip#2. There are better buffets than the one at the Bally's.. . Bally's is close to a lot of places on the Strip so it makes it a very good location for the price.. . I would recommend here if you tend to do more than just stay in your room or your casino.
Bally's is a solid hotel and casino. No theme or bells and whistles (except on the slots) but it has decent rooms and a great location adjacent and connected to the Paris. Their rates are affordable so it it a great value.
You get what you pay for, right? Ballys is in a great location on the strip and the price was reasonable. Plus it's connected to Paris so between the two hotels there are a lot of restaurants. The other two things I like about Ballys were SEA (amazing Thai restaurant) and the show (Jubilee) which we had 2 for 1 tickets for.. . Here are my complaints- the toilet in our room ran nonstop, we actually rigged it so it would stop. There is no mini bar (wtf) and when we checked into the hotel we waited in line for a long time. At 4 or 5 p.m. on a Staurday please staff checkin accordingly. I have to admit that in 110 degrees after a 1 hour flight delay and a long shuttle line to get to the hotel (Ballys doesn't have an airport shuttle) I was NOT happy about another line.. . . Read more Las Vegas and Los Angeles Reviews on my blog- http://rescuelashelters.wordpress.com/2011/07/06/the-best-of-the-las-vegas-strip/
I never heard of this hotel, but place wasn't that bad. AC came very handy for themhot days down here in Vegas. . . I like how it was connected with Paris. I really enjoyed there machines alot, sadly I lost $600 that night and wasn't seeing that money ever again (haha). . . On the bright side though, I did manage to get my drink on and that helped ease the pain away.. . I would stay here again.
I got an offer through Total Rewards for comp nights and chose to stay at Bally's for its location and newly renovated North Tower. Upon check in, the agent was soft spoken and I had to try hard to listen over all the casino noise but it was a very smooth process. I was glad to be able to check in early around noon but there were maybe only 3 agents working. Since it was a comp stay, a credit card was not required for incidentals unless I was going to use the internet or make phone calls. I am glad the agent gave us that option rather than requiring a credit card. The room was nice and clean and so was the bathroom. It went through renovations, but the TV was still old school. Nothing spectacular to report about but no complaints either.. . I absolutely love the perks of being in a convenient location that Bally's offers. Located smack dab on the middle of the strip. I love that Bally's is connected to Paris and you instantly feel like you are in another country walking through the shops and making that transition. I also like how they have a complimentary shuttle to the Rio which is their sister property. The strip is easily accessible as well with the escalators and moving sidewalks.  . . Catching a cab from Bally's was not a great experience. Standing in a line in the Las Vegas heat is never fun, but hey, what else can you do, right?! The line was not too long but cabs do not frequent Bally's so there is no flow of vehicles. The doorman openly chews gum and holds his tips in anice open stack in his hand. He asks where you are going but does not tell the cab driver. Tip for nothing! This guy needs a lesson on service!. . One night, I was stuck in traffic in a taxi and asked to get dropped off at Paris instead of Bally's since I could just walk through the casino and the cab driver made a joke: "You realized that it's gonna charge you a million dollars plus an arm and a leg to get dropped off at Ballys in this traffic, but then you'd have to pay for your French visas and all that to enter Paris!" Hahahaha... Good one. Overall, good experience!
Here are a few reasons I chose Ballys after MUCH thought -. Location Location Location. Price Price Price. No Resort Fees. Location Location Location. . This place is attached to Paris,has a monorail stop, an average pool... a pool is a pool, you can't go wrong with a pool unless you're extremely picky (and yes, I know the type...). The place might be a bit dated but it gets crowded.  We checked in on a Tuesday around 3:30 - got handed a pretty decent coupon book and an option to upgrade to a suite in the North Tower for $20 more per night.  I was told the North Tower was recently renovated but the South Tower had the better view...Really, how much time do you stay in your room in Vegas?  We saved some money, picked the South Tower and had a view of Paris, The Paris Pool, and the Bellagio fountain show.. . Yes, the room might need some updating - the drawers in the furniture didn't all open, some of the outlets in the room didn't work, one of the lamps didn't work but the bathroom was big, the water pressure was great, and the beds were decent and I had 3 pillows on my queen size bed.  . . If you're looking to not spend all kinds of money, or stupid resort fees at a hotel mid-strip, choose Ballys.
the room was not bad but it wasnt great. maybe need to upgrade those tvs and throw some nickalodeon on there too. The food for the room service was actually VERY GOOD! if you stay here and order room service i do suggest you getting the fish and chips or the steak and shrimp! DELICIOUS!
Bally's used to be a nice place to stay back in the day, especially since their rooms are typically larger than other Vegas hotels. My recent stay in January bumped this review down because its age is definitely showing. The only good thing going for them is the location: smack dab in the middle of the strip. . Tip: Ask for the North Tower
Shared a 2 bed room with 8 girls! Too many femmes in one room but the price was right! Very basic room, clean, big enough bathroom. Can't really complain except for the fact that we had a few extra guests in our room on a Saturday night and the front desk called us twice regarding a noise complaint. It's Vegas! Every room is full of people partying! I thought it was kind of ridiculous but we shut up and then headed out.
Came here in the Casino's... no room.. . Very old so it does smell like cigarettes like every casino but even worse... not as bad as Flamingo, but still bad. It's between Paris and Flamingo.. . I got a feeling that Bally's caters to older adults - close to the retiring age because I saw lots of them when I came in here.
Ambiance: Average. Room: Average. Service/Concierge: N/A (not used) . Parking: free . Location: Excellent. . I was being comped for rooms here so I can't really complain in terms of value. The location is dead center so no complaints there. It is also connected to Paris hotel via the casino lobby and I happen to like the night life in Paris. The Sterling Brunch is a good attraction and you do get a discount if you stay here unfortunately I was leaving on Sunday and didn't get to try it. The room I stayed in was clean and didn't smell. The lobby is nothing spectacular and is functional. The Staff is can be hit or miss typical of casinos in this price range. I didn't go to the pool here so can't really comment on that.
Great location with easy access to monorail, express bus, and bridges to cross busy streets. Good staff and lobby experience. Hotel rooms are very large but the reason for three stars: out-dated tube tvs that have poor reception on half the channels, and a bathtub-shower door combination that is ancient. But I loved the value and the access to Paris Las Vegas and its delectable restaurants. Nice pool.
So, as we know, everything in Vegas is an illusion. A slight of hand. A mirage in the desert. So when something appears to be too good to be true, it likely is. This is the case with Bally's Hotel and Casino. I was on a quest to find a place to go on vacation that was A) Hot B) Had a pool and C) relatively inexpensive. A few days at Bally's seemed to be just the trick. Upon arriving (after a $25 cab ride - I think the cabby duped us) we arrived at the hotel. Whitney checked us in and was very professional and sweet. Now, I knew that considering we had paid just under $400 a piece including flight, that our hotel room wouldn't be The Ritz however I was unprepared for the room we walked into. Oh boy, where do I start? Furniture looked like it was from a garage sale, 25 years ago, room was not clean, clothes left in the drawers along with condom (unused thankfully). Bathroom dirty, bed uncomfortable and just an overall air of skeeviness that I couldn't shake. I literally thought to myself, this is where people come to drink themselves to death. A quick trip down to the lobby, a conversation with the humorous and accommodating Elvis (I kid you not), $200 later and a new room in the North Tower and mama was MUCH happier. The new room was light and airy with good linens, lots of mirrors and a whirlpool tub that was strangely although not unsightly on a platform in the middle of the room. The room also had a separate room for the toilet (nice when you're spending 4 days with your man) and a bidet (later to be called The Fountain). The hotel itself is fine, you can tell they have not updated it in years so it has that old school feel, the restaurants are fine although finding a salad can be a challenge. The pool is nice, but again nothing fancy and pretty much straight out of 1988. Of course the location is why people still come here, and let's face it, a lower priced hotel on the strip is a good thing for folks who don't want to pay top dollar at The Bellagio et all. I'll review the other places we went to within Bally's and also in Vegas to give you the full picture. Overall, this hotel is kind of dumpy but fine if you just want a decent place to stay. But seriously, pony up the extra cash to stay in the north tower it's well worth it to avoid the skin crawling feeling.
I'm not sure if I stayed in the north or south tower (I was facing the Eiffel Tower), but my room wasn't nice. It was clean and spacious. Otherwise, the furniture and decor looked like something out of Boogie Nights. The shower light was flickering on and off which was decidedly un-classy. Other things that annoyed me but I won't necessarily hold against them: no room frig and there was a $30 charge for a pull out. There's a bar near the elevator which serves dirt cheap margaritas, but they also taste like dirt cheap margaritas. Overall, I recommend Caesars or MGM over this hotel. Comparable price, better room.
My first time in Las Vegas and definitely NOT my last. . We ended up staying at Bally's because they were offering 4 free comp nights. They even upgraded our room to a deluxe 2 queen bed in the north diamond tower. nice right? . . When we checked the room out, it looked really out dated and  a little dirty, bathroom counter was dusty, the floor didn't look like it was vacumed properly.. the windows were filthy, etc.. oh man i can go on!!!  :( Sure the beds were huge but the sheets and the covers looked like beds from "Boogie Nights" (yall remember that movie?? Dirk Diggler, Fat Gay Phillip Seymour Hoffman??... nevermind..) Anyhoo.. Long stories short. we were only there to sleep. . . The rest of the Hotel and Casino also looked pretty old and the whole entire room was filled with cigarette and cigar smoke!  DAMN it was hard to breath.. . A few good parts about Bally's was their 2 Doller Tacos and their Two Dollar Tequila at Tequilas bar and grille!, How its right in the middle of the Las Vegas strip, and also their convenient walkway to the Paris Hotel and Casino!  . . Was it a nice Stay?- Yes. Would i come back - Probably Not. I would much rather go to Caesars Palace or Planet Hollywood...
I'm not a big fan of this casino, but I have come here several times to see Don Arden's Jubilee!  Other than that, I don't find the casino to be very inviting.. . There have been some renovations over the past few years but it's not enough to attract me.
Can't complain in a free room.
I'll admit, I was apprehensive about staying here. Sure, it's mid-strip, the price is right, and everyone says that Bally's has the largest rooms... but the Yelp reviews made me unsure of what to expect.. . Well, let's just say I was pleasantly surprised! The front desk girl was super accommodating, and while we couldn't get an early check-in due to it being at capacity, we were given a room next door to our friends in the North Tower. Friendly, efficient staff. . . The room was clean, and I guess that's all I can say about that. I didn't really spend much time in there. I would say I'd stay here again, but after staying at Paris I might pass over Bally's for their sister hotel.
not a bad spot to stay, but they make you pay for wifi, so they get a 3.
Pros:. -Location...On the strip. -Sports Book is very nice (seems out of place because its so nice). -Rooms are okay...Old but well kept. -Good selection of games and their High Roller section is nice. -Valet was fast and helpful when I asked for directions to a Golf course. -Price is very good. -Beds are comfortable. . Cons:. -Outdated. -Food selection isn't the best. -Elevator is located in a weird area that makes for long walk to the rooms especially if you have a suite
Booked our last two nights in Vegas at Bally's because I figured...on our 4th and 5th night,....we're probably already broke... and the last thing we need is pay for cab fares.. . Expedia had an offer for as low as $36 a night! I mean.. that's a whole lot of money to put towards alcohol or gambling instead.. . Bally's is the perfect location. Located somewhat in the middle of the strip, pretty much everything is walking distance. For me, even in platform heels.. . We all know this is an old hotel at the strip...and given that fact....do not even attempt to compare it to the newer ones out there.... The beds aren't as luscious. the bathroom doesn't have a seperate tub with waterjet whatsoever... or a him/her sinks...none of that..... . But im happy they have a blow dryer.. . Service is pretty decent. They called in paramedics and security for a bee that stung me by their pool area.. . If im off to Vegas again, on a tight budget...i'd definitely look into booking here again.
Rooms are spacious. Decor and furniture is just a little old. We got a room on the 18th floor, and we had a nice view of the Paris pool. The Bally's pool was closed, so we had access to the Paris pool, which was nice. It was kind of dead, but I guess that's the way it is in the middle of November. . . Service is standard, rooms are clean, and I have no complaints.. . I do have complaints about hotels in general though. Why is it that big hotels never have coffee makers and minifridges anymore? It's preposterous!
I have stayed in better hotels (Venetian, Mandalay, MGM, Rennaisance Marriott,Paris) but for the price of $50/night , this is a GOOD DEAL!. .  Bally's room is big. I think this have been updated, because the counters are already granite or stone. . . We always book Non smoking  and they do have floors for that.Our floor, 15th , was really  decent and clean (no foul smell).. . Service at the check in was fast & efficient. ( I hate the most is the Mandalay Bay check in). . Location is excellent. It is at the center of everything.
We stayed here a few nights and the room was less than desirable.  The room was clean but the furniture was old.  I wonder if I paid extra for the 70's suite?!?!. . On the other hand, the dealers in the casino where awesome.  Iris was one of our favorite Blackjack dealers, she made sure we were always well taken care of and she was great for advice when asked.  We love you Iris!!!!
SO FREAKING CHEAP. WTF? I didn't think it was possible to find a HOTEL for this price, but it was unbelievably cheap. I was expecting a total shit-hole, but it was actually kinda decent. I shared the room with 5 girls (3 on each bed), not bad at all. However, I could not handle the fact that there was no free wifi. UGH.. . The thing is, we were originally supposed to be in the South Tower (which is the older one), but with the $20 trick, we got upgraded to the North Tower. Nice! I can't imagine how bad the South Tower rooms could have been like.. . When I came to Vegas last month, I though Ballys was farther up the strip, but no! Its location is great! It's connected to Paris (which was nice when it was raining outside), which is right next to Planet Hollywood, which is right across from Cosmo. Yea.. typing it out makes it seem like a realization of how great the location was haha
Not the nicest or newest hotel on the strip, but its centrally located, the prices are always incredibly hard to beat, and the staff is always helpful and friendly.  I would stay here anytime!
Didn't stay here but all I can say is I absolutely love that gigantic slot machine with the lever. I'm so coming back just to do it again! Fun stuff.
We got some super good deal online for 3 nights!  The location is great, because it's right in the middle of the strip!  So super close to all the clubs and you don't have to pay as much for taxi!  I paid about $8/day, sharing the room with 4 other girls!  Pretty decent rooms!  A lot of mirrors!! which comes in really handy for girls when you're getting ready for the night!  We were in the north tower, which is the more newly remodeled side, but farther away from the strip...Also, indoor access to Paris.. . Downsides Bally's does not have a decent food court!  It is like a pizza place and then a hotdog place... and then there is NO free wifi, which sucks!
Stayed for a weekend with friends with the awkwardest check in ever.. . We checked in, went to our room and almost opened the door when..the previous hotel stayers walked out.. . A few things to note:. 1) this was at like 5pm..I thought check in was alot earlier than that?. 2) They put us in a room where it wasn't recently cleaned (okay, with hotels..cleanliness is always an issue..but really?)?. 3) If we didn't see the previous hotel stayers just wake out of our room..we could have just walked in and stayed in a room not changed out at all.. 4) They said "Don't go in that room, it's pretty nasty in there". . 2 stars down.. . So of course, we ask for another room. We get an upgraded room for the same price we paid for the old room aka nicer accessories, same amount of space. I mean, after that our stay was fine, no trouble, yeah. Like overall, a cheap stay at a place with a fine location. While one of the older hotels, worth the location it's in on the strip.. . But still...that was just so weird.
As a casino, it's a nice place to visit.... but it didn't interest us enough to stay very long.
Only stayed here for a few hours.  Seriously.  We decided to go to Vegas a night earlier than planned and got there around midnight.  Rooms were big, clean, and great for the price we paid.  There's a monorail stop right outside and we got free shots from the tequila bar downstairs.  We slept well in the comfy beds and would stay again if we needed somewhere cheap and convenient.
Probably the best of the dirt-cheap options in Vegas and great location right in the middle of the strip.
What can you expect when you pay very little for a room?  Well, you get mismatched furniture that looks like it came from Threes Company.  Questionable stains in the carpet in the hallways.  A shower head that was purchased from Harbor Freight in the 70s.  And half a roll of Toilet Paper.. . Yet, despite all the shortcoming of the room.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The casino floor had what you needed.  Played $5 craps and roulette to kill some time which is always fun.  . . And...a great location to see the Strip.
I enjoy gambling on the Ballys floor because it's very big, have a lot of variety of table games and slots, and is a lot easier to breathe in there. . . I've also stayed there once, and the room was so basic that it reminded me of Imperial Palace. Eep! . . All in all, Ballys has a lot of other cool amenities that make it a definite stop on any Vegas trip:. -EveningCall frozen daquiri bar at the end of the casino. -Central location. -Low table limits. -Shuttle to Rio (which sometimes takes forever). -Bar.     -Oh, this bar is the best!!! $3 for a 20oz draft beer. And if you're playing at oneof the video poker machines at the bar, your beer is absolutely free! What a great deal!
Bally's reminds me alittle more of old school Vegas now that it is getting "older" compared to the newer, more glamorous hotels on the strip.  Great value for the rooms, and you really don't spend much time in your room anyway.  Wish they would update the rooms though.
"No Flash, No Thrills, I call that a pound cake dunk."  . . Ok so I stole this line from NBA 2K (a video game)  but it describes Bally's to me, nothing stands out but it's a solid option. It's a decent value hotel and you can splurge on other parts of your Vegas trip.. . The rooms were surprising. The standard 2 bed room look was nothing new, but there was a lot more space than comparable rooms at the other hotels. It has a nice location on the strip and it has easy access to Paris hotel.. . The casino isn't that great. The tables don't look very new and the lighting in the main room is very bright. The electronic boards here for roulette and other games don't always work. It's a problem at every casino but it seems to happen here more. They do have lower limits though so that is a plus, but there aren't too many tables.. . However, when they have the party pit , it's very fun, especially when you get the right crowd at the tables. It's definitely a good time . . I've spoken with the front desk just once or twice but they were very courteous. . . I'm not a fan of the moving walkway. It's nice to be able to just relax and not walk but I'd rather just have the entrance closer. Though, they can't do much about this now.. . It's not my first choice, or my second, but it's not a bad option.
Stayed here a few times - the rooms are nothing special but they are clean and comfortable. The casino offers any of the games you will find at the other casinos with decent minimums. Nothing flashly about Bally's but it gets the job done. There's a nice sportsbooks and a food court in the basement for those of you who don't want to splurge at the pricey restaurants (however it's definitely not your regular normal food court prices). The clientele is probably your average middle-aged folks or your businessmen/convention goers (there's always been a convention going on here when iIve been here).
After staying at Aria on my last couple of Vegas trips, I ended up at Bally's this time around since the majority of my friends were planning on staying here.  Considering the really cheap rates we were able to get, how could we not?  The more we saved on hotel/airfare ($35 one way on Virgin!), the more we could spend on alcohol, food, and gambling!. . Bally's is a true "no frills, get what you pay for" type of establishment.  You get what you need at a decent rate, but that's about it.  For me, their shortcomings trace back to the fact that the place is just old.  The front desk area looks recently renovated, but the air stinks of smoke and the casino just looks dated.  The rooms in particular show their age - newer blankets on the bed (surprising since I expected that ugly, floral design), but the carpet, drapes, chairs, TV, shower doors, and furniture?  Straight out of the 80's.  As ugly as the room looked though, at least it wasn't an actual problem like how the shower head was.  I don't know if it was the water pressure or if the fixture was just that old, but it was really annoying how it would just spit out water rather than sustain a steady flow.. . That being said, Bally's does offer a few major benefits.  For the rate we paid, the room we ended up with was really spacious, and significantly larger than the one my friend paid for at Paris during our last trip.  They also have a late night eatery that serves up burgers and Mexican food, which comes in handy after a late night of gambling, drinking, and/or clubbing (or all of the above).  Most importantly though, the location is prime - around the middle of the strip and directly across from the Bellagio, with a direct, indoor connection between the Bally's casino and the one at Paris next door.  Pretty convenient.. . Relative to similarly priced hotels on the strip, Bally's is a decent option for anyone on a budget (college kids in particular, as you can cram a lot of people into that room).  However, keep in mind that the room and casino is just two stars, but the convenience certainly adds some value.  Personally though, I'd lean towards staying somewhere a little nicer despite the difference in price since you can usually find pretty good deals online.  However, I'm sure that has nothing to do with their blackjack tables taking some of my overall winnings from the weekend.  Well...pretty sure.
Our south tower room had great view of the Strip and casino isn't so large that you get lost. Room was a bit tired and there are newer, cheaper options. Not bad.
Room: Clean and spacious. Nothing grand or luxurious but when you're only paying $40 a night, you can't complain. Towels and toiletries were a aplenty.. . Room Service: A bit pricier than what I remember, but hey, drag your lazy behind out to the mini-strip mall they have or to strip if you want to pay less.. . Casino: They have a good amount of games but I feel that the clientele at this establishment tend to be a bit more geriatric; definitely not a place to mack on the lay-days.. . Location:  Location is good, it's surrounded by tons of good eateries and other hotels (paris is connected) and it has a free shuttle to the Rio that runs every half-hour.. . Overall: If you're just going to be here for a weekend or you're hardly going to be in your room, this is the place for you.Bally's rates are also ridiculously cheap for being a hotel in the middle of the strip so you can't really lose here (unless you're looking for luxury).. . Recommended for: People on a budget, College kids or Older folk.
Is this the worst hotel ever?. . No, definitely not. . . Is it the best? Well, maybe. If you're from Shawnee, Oklahoma and are a chain smoking alcoholic 78 year-old, you will probably find nirvana within the confines of this place. . . We stayed here for part of our trip because we pretty much stayed for free during March Madness, a very busy time in Vegas. . . The good:. . 1. location - it's dead center of the strip. If you like to casino hop, this is great for you. I've been to Vegas many times and always rent a car. I rarely, if ever, walk to other casinos nearby. But just in case you do...you're in luck. . . 2. There are hot bitches everywhere. Like 88 year-old hot bitches with a cig strapped on their acrylic nails. . . 3. The rooms are very, very quiet and this is coming from a noise sensitive person. . . 4. The housekeeping staff was extremely nice and very efficient. . . the bad:. . 1. smoke. everywhere. Our floor was non-smoking, yet it always smelled like a chimney. . . 2. Tube televisions. Even my broke ass has had a flat screen for five years. A billion dollar corporation can't upgrade? . . 3. no restaurants at which I would dine within the hotel. yuk. . . 4. While the room was clean and bathroom was surprisingly nice, the entire hotel just felt dated and dirty. If I were the owners, I'd tear it down. It so reminds me of the dumps where I stayed in Daytona Beach at spring break in 1992. . . 5. The crowd/scene just wasn't my thing. I don't know how to phrase it nicely, so I won't. . . My traveling companion and I had a good time despite the poor quality of the hotel, however I would not stay here again, even for free.
Bally's is what it is. It's an OK hotel in a GREAT location on the strip. The rooms in the North tower are nice, but not spectacular. Staff is very friendly and the casino is clean and easy to navigate. The Sports Book is oddly placed downstairs and difficult to find, but it's nice once you get there. . . They've added a lot of life to the casino recently with the scantily clad dancers in seemingly every pit ... scenery was tremendous. If you need a decent place to stay in a great location (mid-strip), Bally's is your place. If you want a place to brag to your friends about, you're probably going to look elsewhere.
This place was fine.. . Paid for a Deluxe Room in advance and the front desk initially appeared bothered; I had to prove with my print out that I did in fact book this room, odd!  After which her demeanor changed completely.. hmm.  When we arrived at our room, it appeared we were upgraded to a Suite, which I'm still not sure if it was a mistake or not.  It was not as newly renovated as the Deluxe Room in the North Tower (which is why I booked it), however we did not complain because it had a jacuzzi inside, always fun.  . . Now my complaints for you for you... . Our room seemed very dated, old and not clean.  The only thing that seemed clean was the bed, they changed the sheets.  But it was very obvious that no one had vacuumed, swept the bathroom floor, or wiped the mirrors or the jacuzzi.. ewww!!  I did not let my bare feet touch the ground.  Also, the shower pressure was uncomfortably hard and did not get very warm.. so much for a Suite!  Also, this Non Smoking room smelled and we were getting smoke through our vents during the night :(   Last, the parking is shared with Paris and is actually attached to their hotel, so it's a bit of a walk with your luggage.. . All this said, it's not so bad for the strip.  It's central, affordable, and less disgusting than other hotels can be here.  Checking in and out was not long.  Customer service was fine.  And we did not deal with the kind of douche bags that Vegas attracts.. . . My opinion is that overall it's not bad (for the price+location), a glorified motel experience.. . ps I slept great on their bed, very comfy!
good location, mediocre service, nice casino, unimpressive rooms.. . tried the $20 tip trick and it was still unimpressive.... . won't be staying here again.
It was OK, as Vegas hotels go, but it needs some work.. . The room was a nice size.  The bathroom had nice lighting and a really good make-up mirror, which is rare in Las Vegas.  It wasn't too noisy, which again is a rarity.  But the air conditioning was terrible and the bed was rock-hard, so it was really hard to sleep. The shower didn't hold the water temperature and varied from warm to hot frequently  The restaurant selection is poor, particularly for breakfast.  The casino reeks of tobacco smoke which wafts into the elevators as soon as they reach the main floor.. . It may have been a luxury hotel in its time, but it hasn't aged well.
Okay location is still nice and rooms are still good...in the NORTH TOWER. Apparently those are all the newer rooms, so they are well maintained and in fairly good shape. I got an upgrade to a suite in the SOUTH tower and it was jaw dropping at first...Giant bathroom, tons of space, giant comfy bed. However, outlets were few (I had to charge my phone in the bathroom) and half of our lights weren't working (they didn't even have light bulbs!). . The tub was leaking and one of the doors was locked (I think it was a second toilet). Also, the lights in the bathroom were really iffy as one kept flickering on and off...Oh, and speaking of toilets, there is absolutely no vent in that small room so don't be making a doo doo or drink too much or you (and your hotel-mates) will regret it!. . Bally's is still good and I will still book rooms from there, but I'll probably try to request North tower rooms from now on...
When you want to come to Vegas for a couple of days and stay at a relatively cheap hotel but still be on the strip, Bally's is a worthwhile option. We had some friends that decided to do a Vegas wedding at Caesars. It took place during the memorial day weekend and the prices were jacked really high. We didn't feel like paying them and thought that staying nearby for a third of the price would be sufficient. Bally's offers easy access to Caesars by one the over-the-street bridges. It also has free shuttle service to the Rio and is a stop on the Vegas monorail if you don't feel like wearing down your feet. It's also connected to Paris, where you can up in the pseudo Eiffel tower.. . The casino itself is quite nice, with plenty of table games and a somewhat lively atmosphere. They also host the show "Jubilee"'. Where the women wear the feathers and put on a classic Vegas style show. They have a newly renovated spa and gym and cheap and quick restaurants for those on the go.. . Now let's talk about the accommodations. We got a room with two queen sized beds. It was huge, but very dated. I would venture to say that it would be a suite at most other hotels. It was very clean and had your basic amenities like an iron with board and toiletries. The tv was still a 25" tube, there were two seat-couches, a table and a dresser. The bathroom was a little bigger than normal and had a full sized mirror, which was a plus. I was a little disappointed at the lack of a coffee maker, but I could do without it.. . The room was less than luxurious, but that's what's to be expected when you decide to go cheap. And with all the money you saved, you'll have more to lose at the casinos.
Stayed here as a guest of a VIP guest, who was comped a room. . . We got an upgraded room, which met all our needs. The room was clean, spacious and comfy.. . Very casual hotel. You don't get all the hoochies/douches dressed up walking around the hotel. You also get the old(er) crowd at this casino. . . The smoke is disgusting, but pretty much that's all hotels in Vegas. . . Bonus that this hotel is on the strip.
Again not the best place on the strip but not the worst, by far. Ballys is a classic, one of the last remaining properties from the second wave of the Las Vegas Strip development. The rooms are a nice size, and clean. A tip, if you check in on Foursquare, you unlock two for one drinks at any casino bar (It unlocks every time you check in)! Now you have no excuse not to stop in and have a drink or three! Enjoy!
Just came back from a Sun-Tue stay and it was pretty decent!  . Checked in around 3:00pm Sunday and the front desk lady Sooso was super patient getting all our family members' 6 rooms on the same floor with 4 of them adjoining. . Rooms (North Tower Deluxe room) weren't fancy at all, but were very spacious.  . The parking wasn't a crazy far walk from the room like some other LV hotels. . The pool was a bit of a walk, but it was a good size for swimming laps.. Conveniently connected to the Paris Hotel, so you can easitly walk to it without going outside.. . Only 2 minor complaint were:. 1) that even though we were on a non-smoking floor (8th), parts of the hallway smelled like someone was smoking. 2) the free hotel shuttle to the associated Rio Hotel only runs every 30 minutes and may not fit all those waiting in line, so you may end up waiting close to an hour in the summer heat [not worth it -- just drive!]
Hot damn! They put me in a high roller suite! Free upgrade for the win!. . Last month I stayed here for the first time while on a business trip. Bally's is one of the older casino hotels in Vegas but has a prime location on the strip, is attached to the Paris, and also is a monorail stop location. Think of it as a no-frills hotel going in and you will be fine, as it does offer some of the most affordable room rates around.. . The casino floor and rooms are decent but showing it's age. Yeah, it can use a renovation and brought into the modern era. Overall clean, and the casino floor is laid out so it is easy to maneuver. A nice mix of old and new games. Low limits can be found on table games. You still get that feel of the old Las Vegas vibe here. More than enough spots to eat but nothing to rave about. Their Blu Pool is actually quite nice and a great spot to hang out at during the day. They have a terrific gym that is well stocked with free weights and machines. All the staff I came in contact with were fairly nice.. . The downstairs level houses the shopping area which has a nice little selection of stores, a terrific sports book, and a small food court. You also have to pass through here to get to the monorail. Feels like a mall out of the '80's.. . Now, I must have said the right thing to the front desk attendant as she hooked me up royally! I was joking around with her about getting the Presidential suite and she actually did put me in a high roller suite! Even funnier is that this was the kind of suite that you could imagine Sinatra and the Rat Pack hanging out in. It was old school cool. It was huge. Full bar, old style tv's and furniture, sunk-in Jacuzzi tub, large step up open bathroom and dual vanity area, floor to ceiling windows with an amazing view at night, and even a bidet! This room must have been the bomb back in the day. Well kept but a little worn round the edges from age and use. I could not believe I was staying here for about $40 a night. Crazy.. . As with most casinos you have to pay a daily fee for internet access which sucks. Also, it's close to In-N-Out Burger with a few minutes cab ride! . . Bally's might not have all the bells and whistles of the newer mega-casinos on the strip, but if you're crashing in Vegas on a budget it's a solid choice.
The best thing about Bally's is the rooms. Good size, comfortable bed and chairs, A/C works. The curtains close all the way if you like your room dark at night.. . The elevators are fast.. . Beyond that, leaves much to be desired. Bally's gives impression of being a class establishment, but it isn't. I thought it was a 4-star hotel, feels like 2.5 to 3 most of the time.. . Checkin is a total pain. They never have enough clerks working the desk. When I got there, at least 30 people in line and only 3 clerks. Later on I walked by, at least 60 people in line and maybe 5 clerks. Saw what had to be 100 people at one point and maybe 7 clerks. I've never seen such lousy coverage at any hotel. Wouldn't be so bad if they processed the checkin quickly, which they don't do.. . They charge you for EVERYTHING. I realize this is Vegas, but some of it was just plain stupid. Worst thing: had to pay $5 to print a boarding pass (after the machine charged me 6 times to print 1 page). I've stayed at motor inns that have a free boarding pass station.. . The casino smells like smoke. Yes, it does allow smoking, but the eaters need to be upgraded or the floors cleaned more often or something.. . If there was a bellhop or concierge in the lobby I couldn't find it. And the guest services station was never staffed.. . I know Vegas is in the desert, but charging $3.50 for a water is nuts.. . The conference I went to is moving to a different hotel next year, and I can see why.
It is so so at best.I stayed there again with a friend who likes it there.I tried not to eat there at all. THe music lounge has June groups listed in July .It seems kind of old even though Im old too.I still greatly prefer Bellagio
Bally's layout is extremely weird. My grandparents used to stay here when it was the MGM and the various additions make navigating its hotel floors really impossible. The location is the prime reason for staying here--right in the middle of everything. . . It's not super fancy, but it's not trying to be. Hotel rooms are for sleeping and storing your things, and with a location like this and decent accommodations, Bally's hits it right on the mark. . . I would probably choose staying at Bally's over staying at other places on the Strip, due to its price and location, but trying to navigate those hallways while inebriated would be a nightmare, so I'm giving it 3 stars instead of 4.
I stayed here June 30-July 3, during some serious heat. The nights averaged 82 degrees!!!! During the day its was well over 100.. I stayed in the North Tower and the prices were decent, though I waited 5 minutes too long to book my room online a few weeks before and the prices went up by 25 dollars.. I recommend staying in the North Tower, apparently it has been renovated while the South Tower supposedly needs an overhaul.. The rooms were clean, spacious and the housecleaning was great. There were plenty of extra towers and toiletries available.. The location is key, it is right in the middle of the strip.. The only problem is that the pool is a long walk from the rooms, and the crowd is certainly far from beautiful. I will spring the extra 50 bucks for the Paris Pool or 100 for a pool with eye candy :-). But if Eye candy is not your goal, you should stay here, the location and price is good.. . The slots are not that great though and missing a few of my favorite games.
I came to Vegas and stayed at Bally's for my 30th birthday.  The room was all right; I've had better but they are centrally located on the strip so we were pretty much in walking distance to everything.  They have a small cafe/diner right next to their registration desk so that was a plus.
We arrived in Las Vegas straight into what seems like a maze of casinos. A 24hr circus of lights and games for freaks like me to play in. Bally's was located in a great location. . . I walked up to the check-inn desk where I was greeted by a black guy named Elvis. I gave him whatever he wanted; id, credit card, name. He began violently flicking the keyboard for awhile. And after awhile I started to wonder wtf is going on? "Don't lean over the desk" he said. Then continuing to move at crack speed he walked into a back room then came back. Minutes later of waiting patiently I got the keys to my room. I think Elvis upgraded us to the north tower. Thanks buddy. . . The rooms aren't bad BUT THERE ARE NO FRICKIN REFRIGERATORS!! That is a huge pain in the ass. Not to mention no free wifi, no local or toll free calls, but then there are no resort fees either. So would I stay at Bally's again? For the price, quality of rooms, and the location yes. But if you choose Bally's be prepared to give up some amenities you may or may not be able to live with.
Pros: affordable , spacious rooms, and right in the center of the strip. . Cons: outdated (all rooms in the south tower) , tube TVs, and customer service can vary.. . This hotel was ok for the price we paid. I could have easily gotten a nicer room at planet Hollywood but since we had others traveling with us , I had to accommodate according to their budget. . . I booked a suite in the south tower with a guaranteed connecting room.. . The woman checking us in told me that they DONT guarantee a connecting room. I specifically told her to check the notes because i wouldn't have booked with ballys if that was the case.. . Long story short. Her attitude the whole time was condescending , rushed , and down right rude. She didn't even check if there were any available rooms in the north tower. She told me "nope, sorry " WITHOUT CHECKING. . . At that point I was pissed off at her attitude , took my room keys went to our room.  . . In the end, I called and complained to the assistant manager about the rude customer service I received . Once I told him the name of the worker , the tone in his voice seemed like this person has had many complaints on her already. . . He kindly apologized and found 2 rooms in the north tower . And upgraded us for free. . . I even asked him if he could bring up the new room keys so I didn't have to go downstairs and see the rude worker.I probably would have rubbed it in her face that she would get disciplinary action taken towards her later, while i get to stay in the upgraded rooms! :)
Yah this place is run down, but honestly, you're paying for what you're getting. . . Short and sweet:.  . If you get a room here, try to get the south tower because those rooms are renovated. . . 3 stars for those rooms
Bally's is an amicable, out-dated dive located in pretty prime real-estate on the Strip, flanked buy a bunch of other casinos within Caesar's Entertainment's family of  properties.  This is definitely the next one for the wrecking ball, but our stay was fine and this property offers a few different positives which would make me consider staying again.. . First off- I stayed here this past weekend with several (male) college friends in our late 30s.  We're all married, shared rooms, and went to LV for a fantasy football draft, and got really cheap rates on rooms as our draft was taking place at another (more expensive) property on the same block.  We got one room comped, and a 2nd for $89/night.  This property was perfect for us- cheap, and easy proximity to everything we needed- adequate restaurants, booze, etc.. . If I was a young, single 20-something, looking for a 'scene'- this is not where I would stay.  The crowd was generally older (than me), the pool was mediocre at best- very expensive drinks, and more of an AARP crowd than one would expect.  The 20-something year-old belongs at Hard Rock, The Palm, or basically ANYWHERE else.... . If I was going with my wife for a nice weekend together- I wouldn't stay here either- you can do better elsewhere and get a more elegant room- although our rooms were clean very adequate, albeit outdated...But I'd look at Wynn, The Hotel, or many other options before this.. . In summary- the good things about Bally's are the cheap rooms, the proximity to other casinos- including the direct tunnel walkway to Paris- where we spent most of our time gambling, and the 24 hour Sbarros.  If any of these things are of interest to you, you should consider Bally's.  I may stay here again, but definitely not the top of my list in LV.
Not a bad hotel/casino.  Rooms aren't the cleanest, but it's not dirty either.  Kinda small too.. . Casino itself gets pretty crowded... but so do all Vegas Casinos.
This place is a solid 3 stars for me.  We went over labor day weekend and stayed here Sunday and Monday night.  Sunday night was $80 and Monday night was a wooping $30 woohooo. . They first put us in the South Tower WARNING:  DO NOT BE PUT IN THE SOUTH TOWER!!!  It was smelly, super duper old, and kinda creepy.  We went back down to ask for the upgrade they had suggested and were "upgraded" for free to the North Tower.  Much much better.. . Great location and good enough amenities for the price!
Would have put 3.5 stars if possible.   The property is definitely lacking when compared to its neighbors Paris and Planet Hollywood.  However, the price was pretty good $30 weekday and $100 weekend nights.  The room (North tower deluxe) was spacious, nice, and clean, but requires some maintenance to hide its age.. . The casino is very small, food and shops are lacking, but there are some fun slots and cheap tables available.  . . If you're on a budget, this is a good place to stay.  If you can afford more, Planet Hollywood is a better buy.  We've stayed at both.
Like others have said I would give it 31/2 stars if I could but.....W were comped rooms and I was surprised how nice the room was.  It was very clean.  The style of the furniture was a poor choice.  The baby blue couch looked faded but it was not.  The blond wood furniture looks dated but it is new.  It was just poor choices.  The staff was helpful and friendly.  The casino was very smokey and had a dated tired look to it.  The easy access to Paris was great.  The general location is good.  We got a big rain storm when we were there so we never at the pool.  I think overall this was a good experience.
We stayed at Bally's again last week for 3 nights, mainly because the rooms were comped, I assume, based on our last year's play.  . . I placed a $20 bill between the license and credit card and asked if there were any complimentary upgrades. I don't think she saw the $20 but when she did, she acted a little surprised and gave a little "Oh!". She asked what type of upgrade were looking for. I was specifically looking for a room with a fridge which isn't standard at Bally's. She placed us in a room on the north tower which was part of a connecting suite. It was one room, but larger (she said 500 sq ft) and had a mini-bar. It had a sofa, coffee table, and a couple other chairs along with a small dining room table and chairs. It also had a flat screen TV, which the south tower doesn't appear to have. You could see doors on each side to the connecting rooms. What was unusual was it was a murphy bed! I have to admit, the bed wasn't very comfortable.  I also found their pillows thin and firm so I always bring my own from home (we drive from California). Regardless, since the room was already comped for 3 nights, throwing $20 in for a little better room was nice. . . We went to the Sidewalk Cafe again for breakfast and had a pretty basic breakfast.  Before paying $11.99 for the breakfast buffet, check it out.  It's a mini buffet so their selection might be a little sparse.  I ordered from the menu this time.  The 24 hour Sbarro in nice, although a bit of a walk down the stairs at the end of the hall, but great for a midnight snack. . . Again, you can't beat the location.  Spent more time in Paris and Planet Hollywood for gambling and eating.
Can't beat the location, right the middle of the strip. The place is pretty dated though, even the renovated north tower rooms. It was the original MGM Hotel built in 1972 that went through a pretty bad fire in 1980. If you want to be in the middle of the strip and get a decent price room this is your place to be. It is also nice because it is attached to The Paris, that you can walk to through a connecting mall.
I was out here for four days for a tradeshow.  The hotel is located in the middle of the strip, which is a plus but besides that it doesn't have much going for it.  . . The hotel is dated with its decor and amenities.  It was nice enough to exhibit at but the hotel room was old and smelly.  . . They have a good amount of restaurants and table games, also a plus. . . Overall, I would check out some of the newer hotels and city center before staying here again.
I stayed here for a bachelor party.  I've been here numerous times.  I love the location as it is within walking distance to all the hotels I like hanging at.  I like the fact that they gave me a fat discount because of a collective of my friends player points.  It isn't the newest hotel, but the rooms are clean and the staff were good.  I enjoyed theirsportsbook.  Unfortunately, I was unable to do any dining over there nor have I ever dined over there.  That's a shame.  I would stay there again just for the price, but there are far superior hotels in Las Vegas.
Older hotel, but clean and cheap for a night when you don't want to drive home. Good service overall.
We stayed in the North Tower (more updated area than the rest of the hotel) and got upgraded to a Junior Suite after a few glitches at the front desk. Room was clean and better than expected; although I would say that for a Suite, it was more comparative to a general room at the higher end hotels such as Palazzo/Venetian or Aria. Room included a sofa, dining table, flat screen with bar area (which eventually the sink backed up, see below). Bathroom was decent and there was a vanity area for the ladies. . . Quality of towels in bathroom was minimal and for a suite, it would have been nice to have a robe and slippers, but we didn't get that. The shower and toiletries was basic. Overall, the room served its purpose.. . One night we came back from a night out and noticed about 2 cups of black GUNK and GLOB in the bar sink. Gross. We were told it was caused from a backup in someone's else room. He picked up the nasty black glob and we waited for 30 minutes for housekeeping to come and clean it and got too tired to wait up afterwards. They were supposed to clean it up the next day but housekeeping missed it until we called and complained again.. . Casino has a variety of slot themes including Michael Jackson, Elvis, Monopoly and more. Good variety of tables and the people are nice that work at hotel. Good and easy access to Paris hotel and the Rewards program works at multiple hotels.. . Overall, compared to other places on the Strip, I wouldn't select this location as a first choice and would hesitate at selecting Bally's as a place to recommend to friends and family. However, I would give it an A-OK.
Let's just get down to the nitty gritty of things.  Good and bad.... . 1)  Rooms are nice, large, and updated.  The downside is there is a lingering smoker and wet dog smell to the rooms.  . . 2) It's conveniently near the hub of the stripe.  The downside is there were misc. noises outside until the wee hours of the night (loud music, Bellegio's water show, people moving).  All can be heard on the 14th floor!!  I know I Know, who sleeps in sin city?!  Well, I do!. . 3) The casino has a nice collection of slots and offer good and cheaper minimum bets.  I like that a lot!. . 4) Were requested double beds and ended up with a single.  We had to go back downstairs to make the change.  It's inconvenient since time is taken away from our fun time!  . . Tip:  be sure to double check with our receptionist on how many beds are in the room.
PROS:. . - Stayed in the North Tower of the hotel with a view of the north side of the strip.  $40 on a Saturday.  Pretty good.. . - Near EVERYTHING we love in Vegas... very easy walking distance to everything.. . - Parking was somewhat close (had to go through Paris), but easy.. . - Room was renovated (we think?) and was more than adequate for our $40 one-night stay.. . - Bed was comfortable and linens were seemingly clean.. . - Bathroom was much larger than most "standard" hotel rooms on the strip.  And clean with lots of towels.. . - Ballsy has one of my favorite casinos, and connected to Paris, which also has a great casino.. . - Express check-out made it a whole lot easier.. . - Widescreen TV (not HD), but still had all the channels we liked.. . . . CONS:. . - Check-in took FOREVER.. . - On the way to Hotel Registration, was stopped by a guy trying to sell us on a hotel package.... we had just arrived and I was flu-ish and the last thing we needed was to be held up by a guy trying to sell us a bad deal.  PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE get get rid of this promotion... NO ONE WILL BUY IT!!!!. . - Concierge says no restaurants in the hotel are open after midnight.  So when we returned to our room at 1pm and needed something eat -- whatever, as long as it's close -- our only option was heading to Paris or somewhere across the street.  Trudge, trudge, trudge.  And the cold air from the cold night was sobering.  (Ballys -- Your Sea website says they're open until 2am, but yet they closed at midnight.  Pffft.). . - Bottled water at the gift shop is $5.. . - Wi-Fi is $14.  Cellular service on the iPad sucked.. . . All in all, I'd probably book again, but will bring some snacks with me in the future.
Beware of using the room phone- the rates are outrageous and  not posted. No coffee maker so you had to seek a cafe for breakfast. Comfortable beds  with a nice view.  The check-in was about a 20 minute line, but the check-out was easy with a key drop. It is close to my favorite feature in that neighborhood- the Bellaggio Fountain.
Stayed here for the first time since 2004.. . Pros: huge room, very clean. Big bathroom IMO. GREAT view - we had a view of Paris and also the Bellagio fountains, in the South Tower. I also got a great deal on the room through Total Rewards, we paid about $230 for 4 nights, with tax. Great customer service, no problems checking in/out.. . Cons: you could hear people talking/being loud in the hallway, woke me up a few times. Also could hear people watching TV in a room next door - not super loud but still could hear it.. . I guess I would stay here again but only if I could get the same prices - it was a great deal. I like the hotel overall but there are nicer ones in Vegas, though probably not as cheap. I stayed at the Wynn the last time I was in Vegas (2009) so perhaps that made me spoiled as well, lol.
I want to leave one star, but it's really not THAT bad. . . After reading some of the reviews I was a little nervous to stay here, but we were staying for free so I couldn't really complain. The room was actually surprisingly nice! I think we had an upgraded room, but it was HUGE!! Decently clean too. . . Two people. Two nights. One bath towel... Uhhhhh that's definitely not going to work. Even after calling down 3 times for extra towels, still never got them. . . My boyfriend made the reservation for the room, so naturally my name wasn't on the reservation. He left for the day to play in a tournament which left me to fend for myself. Upon arriving back at the room, my key didn't work!! The lady only made them for one night, even after we specifically asked to make sure they were made for both nights. So I went down to the desk to have them remade, and she wouldn't make them for me! She wrote down all my information, had security meet me upstairs (after I sat in the hallway waiting for 35 minutes) so they could let me in the room to "prove I was staying there." I mean, I get it. I could be some random person. But it's still annoying. . . My boyfriend and I met for dinner, and he called to have me put on the reservation so I could get a stupid key made for myself. When I went to have the key remade, my name wasn't on there! She was really rude about it too, and acted like I was such an inconvenience which made me even more annoyed.  So being the brat I am, I threw a fit. Didn't work lol. She said security would be happy to let me in the room again, but they couldn't make me a key... So I'm writing this review as I've been sitting in the hallway for over a hour waiting for them again. Hopefully I don't have to pee otherwise I'm going in the hallway!. . Bally's is actually a pretty decent place to stay, as long as you dont set your expectations too high. As long as you have everybody's name on the reservation you'll be fine!
Location Location Location!  We spent very little time in the rooms, so I don't have much to complain about as we were there for March Madness.  You can easily access other casinos which have a better vibe if you are looking for that.  Paris and Planet Hollywood are within 10 minutes.  The sportsbook could use a makeover and there is no buffet in the hotel.  The ceilings are low and my friend referred to the hotel as "Smoke Ballys" but to tell you the truth, I think they all stink the same.  Fast checkin and housekeeping was good.  The showers lacked a lot of pressure but I got over that pretty quickly.  The pool leaves something to be desired, but the Cabanas are HUGE if you want to rent one.  Overall not a bad place for the value, it just lacks the SHINE of the newer properties.
Great room, small casino area, no free wifi, all around ok
North tower had good size rooms.  Pretty good value, was like 150 a guy for 3 nights, 2 in a rooms.  Casino was pretty small.  Good location to hit all the majors within short walking distance.  Didn't eat one bite here....the Paris breakfast buffet was awsome.  30 bucks w/ bottomless champage.  Bottom line:  decent value, big rooms, great location.  But I would rather pay a few extra $ and stay at Planet Hollywood.
Bally's is just a basic hotel but in a very good location and the price is very cheap.  If you are price conscience, stay here, but just expect to always walk to nearby hotels for beautiful scenery, shopping, etc.  If it were a special occasion or I'm showing someone Vegas, I would not go to Ballys.  If it was for myself, I'd stay here.. . Pros. - Location - right in the middle of the strip, across from Bellagio, walkable to forum shops, walkable to anywhere, it's in the middle.. - Price - Sign up for a Total Rewards card and you can get free nights during weekdays and cheap rates for weekends (~$70). - Lower limits - Relatively lower limits, it's $5 usually until about 8pm then it goes to $10-15. - Free Shuttle to Rio - Feeling a Seafood Buffet? There is a free shuttle to Rio. - Hotel Staff - Extremely Extremely friendly front desk.  Ashlyn at the front desk made every statement like a slot machine win. . Cons. - Security - There is no guard to make sure you have a room key to get up to your room.  I had prostitutes approach me in my hotel room hallway and I also saw a guy trying a room key on every door.  I guess he must've found it on the floor.  Good luck trying every room in the hotel.  I got at least two pizza togo flyers shoved under the door.  Again, if there was security, this wouldn't have happened.. - Phone Connectivity - My AT&T LTE suffered a lot here.  It just didn't work.  I couldn't check email or chat in the casino.  In the hotel room, it worked.. - Internet Speed - You pay $13.99/day and the internet is HORRIBLE.  We're talking pages that don't load and youtube video that stops loading.  Speedtest shows 2.68mbps download / 0.36 upload (at least when it's working). - Hotel Noise - Yes, you can hear loud people walking through the hall and you can hear people in their rooms, but I didn't have problems with people waking me up in the morning. - Homeless People - Yes, there are homeless people on the side of the entry.. - Patrons - These are people staying in Vegas at a budget.  People are usually dressed in polo shirts or regular sweaters and it kind of takes away from the Vegas image. - Bar - Usually you play a card game at the bar and they give you the drinks on tip.  Ballys does not.  You pay for your drinks.  Some guy was confused when he gave $1 and the worker said "we don't accept tips."  It's because they want you to pay $6 for the beers.. - Front Desk is unavailable - I'm being picky here, but I called twice to front desk from my room, once on a Tuesday and once on a Saturday morning, both times I had to wait for someone to become available.. . Other Notes. - Rooms - You can't compare these to Wynn or Venetian or Cosmo, etc.  The rooms work just fine.  Yes, you can hear loud people in the hallway and they can hear you "talking" if you know what I mean. . Tip. - Try asking for an upgrade for the room.  I just asked nicely and they bumped me up to North Towers
Not the best hotel for someone who needs to be away from smoke. The casino seems to be all smoking.
Bally's is exactly what you expect it to be. It's not fabulous but it's a clean (for the most part) place to sleep and it's located in the center of the Strip (super convenient). We stayed in the North Tower after all the reviews said it was the more upgraded one. I really don't wanna know what the South Tower looks like if what we got was the upgraded version. One good thing though is that it's pretty quiet at night (I don't see how it could be at 99% capacity because I never saw a single person on my floor the entire weekend). No groups of people walking by your room all drunk and loud. . . Also, Bally's is connected to Paris so if you're headed toward Planet Hollywood/Cosmo, you can cut through there and avoid the heat outside. We ended up walking through Paris hotel more than Bally's itself ha. . . It's definitely one of the cheaper options on the Strip so if you don't really care for the swanky hotels, just stay here. You can spend that extramoney gambling it away at the craps table.
-Great for the price, and right in the middle of the strip. . -$13 All-You-Can-Eat breakfast at the cafe. Long line, though. Very cheap compared to others.. -$2 margaritas, tequila shots, and burritos during happy hour, right next door to the cafe. Great for those on a budget.. . I've stayed here, twice, and both times gave me a wonderful experience. I'm not picky when it comes to appearances, but if that's your thing then you might be a bit disappointed; a few vomit stains, cracks in the paint, etc. Nothing new to a hotel that's been around for a while.. . My friends and I checked in on a Thursday afternoon and the line was terrible. We waited for almost an hour, and despite the dozens of impatient, rude people, the staff did their best to remain open and helpful.. . The smoke in the casino seemed heavier than the other hotels, even when you're just walking through. Very friendly staff working the tables, though. . . There's a smoothie stand called "Evening Call" downstairs in the casino, while on your way to Paris. $12 for a decently-sized cup that you can bring back and refill for $8. I loved it.. . All in all, not a bad place to stay.
Ballys, listen to me, you need to upgrade that ass..  My family and I rented 4 rooms in the north tower and were disappointed by a number of things. First off, there was trash in our room when we checked in, our "suite" was equipped with a Murphy bed and stained chairs, the a/c could not be controlled, there was only wi-fi for one device, and we had to get new keys made 3 times.  . Come on now, Ballys, this is Vegas, the place where regular folk go to feel like they're somebody.  Instead, you had me and my family feeling like we were slumming it at Motel 6.
I enjoyed this place, it's not ultra deluxe top of the line, but it'll do for being on the strip and being close to all the other casinos.  It really pays to be nice and courteous to the folks who check you in, joke with them, because I think if they like you, they'll hook you up with a nice room.  I felt like they took care of us, gave us a decent suite.  It was fine, didn't hear any neighbors screaming or partying, no dogs barking at night, nothing too rough and we were able to sleep well.  The pool was decent, finding out what all you can get when you book a room in Vegas.  Think this and The Flamingo are the budget casinos for this area of the strip.  Room was in good condition, a little hanging wallpaper, but big whoop on that.  Some of the things I didn't like, I can't blame on Bally's, it's just the fact that Vegas is going to nickel and dime you to death and gauge you at every possible opportunity.  Vegas reminded me of kinda being trapped in a large airport lounge.  Expect everything to be marked up out the wazoo.  Then of course, that old "resort fee" which is an additional charge or tax, call it what you will but I'm sure all the casinos colluded to bring this about.  I didn't like not being able to have an internet connection without paying 20 bucks. Printing out boarding passes cost five bucks for like 11 minutes.  I think we were in room 2376, the view was looking straight over at the Hilton.  Location was nice as others have mentioned, walk across to the Bellagio, The Cosmopolitan, Aria, Paris, The Flamingo is right next door.  There was a decent little bar downstairs that sold small margaritas and 16 oz. beers for two bucks, not bad.  The Casino was nothing to write home about, seemed small and rather pedestrian to me.  All in all, pretty pleased with the room and the price and the experience.  Didn't have any problems at all, would certainly consider staying here again.
Really great food and housekeeping staff and room service staff and IT dept. Everything else is "meh". Only stayed here cause the rooms were free and when we got there at 11 at night after our flight was delayed, the front desk girl told me that even though I reserved a smoking 2 bed room, they gave away all the 2 bed rooms so they were giving me a 1 bed room and a roll away and we could switch rooms the next day. So we still had to be out by check out time the next morning so we could switch rooms and thankfully there was a 2 bedroom ready. Really shitty start for a vacation with all the hassle and attitude they gave us. When I pointed out that I had reserved a 2 bedroom room the chick at the desk told me that reservations are merely a "suggestion".. Blu Pool is okay but definitely a lot of people who aren't appealing to the eye and A LOT of creepy old guys. I'd pay the extra $ to go to Ceasar's pool or a pool party like Wet Republic or Marquee Day Club which is what we did the next 2 days because that first day was pretty bad. Definitely the B-Squad working this pool. They have a DJ playing Top 40 hits and some throwbacks on Friday, Saturday, Sunday. The pool itself was slimy from everyone's lotions and oils. Be careful when walking into the pool as the steps were the most slippery.. The Ichiban Sushi Restaurant next to the pool is AMAZINGLY fresh fish for a decent price- see my separate review for them.. The Bellagio fountains which are across the road are REALLY LOUD and can be hear and seen from most rooms at Ballys/Paris from 11am to nighttime. Bring binder clips to close the blinds as ours didn't like to stay shut. We had a balcony on our room but the handle was taken off the door because we weren't allowed out. I never understood this- when we stayed at the Cosmopolitan hotel we had a room with a wrap around balcony that we were allowed to hang out on. It was awesome. Old school Vegas hotels really need to catchup to the new places like Aria and Cosmo. . The resort fee was $15/day and included internet access for 1 device and gym access. The fee was unavoidable- when I was at Ceasars they comped my fees so....
If it wasn't for the groupon deal I probably would have never stayed at Ballys. I gave this place a shot just because I've never been to this place before and also with the groupon deal you get $30.00 on food even for room service, and two Jubilee tickets. . . First thing was the valet service, I had too many bags to carry up so I really needed valet at the time. The guy was nice and friendly and that was good...As I came into check in I noticed the distance from valet to check in was super close and that was awesome...I had walked a lot previously at the outlets soo I was pretty tired already and waking up at 5:00 AM and driving from LA to Vegas was killer!. . Check in took really long just because a few people for some reason were semi arguing with the front desk assistants. As soon as I was the first one coming up I got my ID and my credit card so they could look it up as fast as possible. The lady at the check out counter was super nice and she also upgraded our rooms just because and I thought that was pretty sweet ! . . Rooms were nice I would have to say they were pretty big and everything inside was quite new. Our bed was big with comfortable pillows and nice sheets. I have no complaints about the stay really..only about the $30.00 voucher for food. As we went to try a place out in the lobby area we waited for about 45 minutes and our server still was no where to be found...I had a last straw when she decided to take an order to these people that just barely sat down...Ughhh Nooo....Talked to the manager and just decided not to eat at Ballys ever in my life...EVER!. . Besides the horrible experience at one of Ballys food establishments I feel if you get a deal to stay here and its pretty cheap why not. But I wouldn't pay full price from the online website!
Free hotel rooms brought me here. I thought I could deal with that long, long automated walkway that never works. I thought I could deal with the extremely poor floor plans with the ridiculous up escalator to bring you inside the hotel, then another ridiculous down escalator to bring you to the hotel lobby. It's definitely a pain to leave the hotel, I was too discouraged to return to my room other than to sleep a few hours. . . They do have a lot of table games in terms of variety, not just blackjack and more blackjack. I must say they didn't have as many cocktail waitresses on shift as other casinos. Not too bad on the slots either, I just wish they have more than just 4 of the motion activated chair ones. . . Their rooms remind me of Best Western with the ugly patterned bedding. I guess not a lot of people pay for the safe, so it has a $3 charge per day unless you're a higher tier player then it's comped like everything else you do in Vegas. Luckily more electrical outlets than Planet Hollywood rooms. Somewhat overly normal looking bathroom that doesn't give off the extravagance of Vegas but quite practical with the number of shelves available for storage of toiletries especially for a girl. Their pillows are terrible, so flat and small, I felt like I'm not sleeping on much. Other than all of the above, the room is safe to sleep in.
I was pleasantly surprised at Bally's in a positive way! After staying at Cosmo/Aria/Caesars/higher end hotels, we decided to save money and stay at Bally's instead. My parents love this place and I always wonder why, since it looks so outdated on the outside. Now I know why: you get a huge bang for your buck and its a great place to gamble for non high rollers. I heard they're renovating? Upon entering it looked like a regular casino. The reception area was very clean, it looked new and shiny. Our double queen bed room was SPACIOUS. Probably the most spacious double bed room I've seen on the strip thus far. And it was super cheap! With total rewards, it came to less than $100 on a weekend night. Such a steal for such a huge room.. . The rooms were clean and we were very impressed at the pretty beds. Very clean and well kept room. The bathroom was very clean. I have no complaints AT ALL. The room was actually better than Planet Hollywood/Palazzo because nothing fell apart or looked run down (yes things fell apart on me at other hotels, so bad)! . . A great place to gamble! My bf and parents love gambling here because its just affordable. The servers are VERY friendly. Not the prettiest in Vegas but they are very quick with the free drinks and friendly. I sat at the slot machine for at least an hour, and usually only 1 waitress would pass by me during that amount of time in other hotels. However at bally's, a server passed by me several times asking me if I needed anything. . . We will definitely stay here since it's cheap and we don't spend that much time in the rooms anyways, always out and about. I love how they have 24 hours food joints open up for all the drunk munchies we had. Nosh got the job done and their chicken noodle soup was very good.
3 1/2 stars - 4 stars.. . Ended up booking a Vegas trip on a busy weekend (some basketball tournament), so everything that weekend from flight to hotels were extra pricey than usual. After going back and forth from Cosmo, PH, Aria, and all the other nice ones hoping that if we refreshed the site it would go down but sadly that did not happen haha so settled for Bally's. We picked Bally's since it was right on the strip.. . First reaction to the outside seemed a bit outdated and a bit sad. Casino is quite spacious, but i'm not much of a gambler so can't say much in that department. A few cafes and restaurants inside. Located right on the strip next to Paris and PH hotel. My gf's and I walked to PH for Earl's Sandwiches and for their popular Miracle Mile Shops. . . Inside our room was a pleasant surprised. Bathroom was spacious and great mirror for us ladies to do our makeup :) or some would say put our face on haha. Room was pretty spacious, closet with mirrors. It was myself and 3 gf's and closet was still pretty spacious.  2 full/queen beds. The bed was to my surprise real comfy! The pillows were like the pricey hotel pillows. Goose feather like that just sinks down. But not too low where you feel like the pillow is smothering you. The bed matteress itself was comfy and bouncy. And the blankets were soft and not like cheap hotel blankets. I think my favorite was the bed! especially after long nights or partying and drinking the bed is pretty important. Unless your pissed drunk then even the floor may seem like cloud 9 haha. Although I did miss the other nice hotels, but if your on a budget and would rather spend money on dining and shopping like us than check out Bally's! After all your barely in the room ;)
The convenience of this hotel makes it a great place. It seems to have somewhat outdated decor but can be worked with.... I stayed in a suite where it boasted 3 living room areas and a very huge bedroom! The shower was also steam room and there was a jacuzzi tub in bedroom which was very open and center of room.... for the night you might feel like getting wild and voyeuristic in your own room! There is a convenient shuttle to Rio from here and great connection to Paris. The infamous Hole in the Wall restaurant is close walking distance for those interested in mobster nostalgia:)
Not the prettiest looking casino on the strip, but pretty cool. They have one of the only two Blackjack Double Attack Bust It tables in all of Vegas and the Spider-man game and it's connected to Paris, which is really nice. :D
Cheap, old rooms, good location. They charge the resort fee (internet for 1 device, pool, gym) $29 per room even if you don't use it.. . The poker room had some really nice dealers and pit bosses and the game seemed pretty friendly even at 2am. The rest of the casino seemed pretty sad and didn't seem nice until we wandered into Paris, which is connected to it.
not a bad hotel option if you are on a budget BUT not as luxurious/new as the other hotels in Las Vegas . . Can't complain since staff is nice & were helpful w/ our complicated room situation! (we went to diamond member check-in even though we weren't members and they still helped us out!! So great in a stressful time). . didnt have a pool open during our stay... that was kind of lame.. I think it's temporary. . NOTE: it's connected to the paris hotel
All my friends have raved about staying here as it is in prime location and for the cheap factor. It is in a great location, central to the North and South strip, and I visited the casino as I had a match play given by Total Rewards. Dealer was funny and helpful to those who were new to Blackjack. Lost my $, but not as quickly as I have at other casinos. Great sized casino as well, but cocktail waitresses are always in a jiffy. Could not even get one to give me a drink, and the lady next to me did not even have a chance to tip her.
My recent stay experience was pretty good. They automatically gave me the regular standard room in the North Tower that everyone here keeps on mentioning. This place is pretty spacious.. . I believed the South Tower now has the newer/modern designed now for additional $30/night more. (I passed on it since it's just me and no one to really impress except my wallet=). . Anyways room was clean and the bed was really comfy. . However my bathroom toliet was leaking pressure because it kept making a sound every few minutes. Yes the bathroom floor was mable and made it look more modern.. . Overall for the prices and location as being in the middle strip and just a stone walk to Paris it was great.. . I would stay here again.
Time for a review update.  See my other review for details of the property which still apply.  Since my last review, they've moved the nightclub Drais to Bally's while they remodel the old "Bill's Gambling Hall" aka "Barbary Coast".  While it's not the same as when it was at the Barbary Coast, Drais is a fun place to go for afterhour partying.  Because of that, I'm bumping this place up a star to 4 Stars.. . Return Factor - 85%
I can't really complain about this hotel - especially since it's such a great deal. I think split between 2 gfs and I, it came out to about 50/60 a person? We left Friday morning and came home on Sunday, and if we wanted to stay, we could have had Monday comp'ed. So I really can't complain.. . It's pretty clean, even if the decor and furnishings are a bit outdated, and this with somewhat a renovation. Glad that there's not really a bad ciggie smell that's associated with some of the more budget friendly hotels. . . Bally's is right next to Paris, across from the Bellagio, right in the heart of Las Vegas. Valet - free as usual, wherever you stay. Just don't forget to tip!!! hehe.. . There's a casino, filled with smoke (sigh). I just want them to have a ciggie free casino. Please? :) But the good thing is that the tables are pretty decent - some at $5, some at $10 minimum - as compared to some of the other premium hotels that start at $15. . . I'd come back for a budget friendly Vegas trip!
