After living 2 blocks away for over a year, i finally took the jump and decided to deal with the long wait to try this place out.  Got there at 7:30 on a Tuesday night... 2.5 hour wait.  (To be expected, but still pretty ridiculous.)  . . Went next door to Bar Bianco, ordered a bottle of wine and patiently waited outside.  I think that the wait is part of the allure for people.  Also, after waiting hungry for 3 hours, the food becomes tastier because you are starving.  . . Finally get a table at 10:15.  Order the caprese salad and another bottle of wine.  The ingredients are very fresh.  The Mozz is excellent, the tomatoes are very very fresh and tasty and the basil was great as well.  . . The server didnt make any recommendations on wine or food.  A bit odd.  Given that the wait is 3 hours and that it's pricy for a pizza joint, you'd think that the service would be excellent.  Not at all the case.  This guy acts like everyone here is a regular.  The reality is that with 3 hour waits for a table, i don't have time to be a regular at this place. . . We ordered 2 pizzas to try.... Biancoverde and Wiseguy.  They were pretty good, again with good ingredients.  I wouldn't say it was the best pizza i've ever had, but very tasty.  Asked for some Balsamic to go with the Mozz and Tomatoes... had to ask the server 2 times, finally we snagged a food runner, she got it for us.  I shouldnt have to ask for something 3 times. I mean really, this place only has like 6 tables... pay attention to the guests.  . . I guess the moral here is that trying this place is all about the experience and saying that you've been there.  While Bianco is good you can go to Parlor or Cibo and get very good (comparable) pizza without a 3 hour wait.  . . Is it good, yes. . Is it worth the wait, nope.
Well, it has been a loooonnnnggg wait... we finally got to try " . Americas Best Pizza" I can die now... don't understand all the hype. If it weren't for wonderful company and three or so beers, I'm not even sure I could honestly say it was a good evening. Was a good tasting Caprese salad, and the pizza was ok,... the waiter was wonderful, and pretty cute.... . . I also have a thing for restaurant bathrooms.... not WOW... was hoping for something great but it was just ok . . I think this is a case of too much talk, not enough product. Sorry.....
It's just too much friggin' work to eat here. I just can't enjoy waiting for 3 hours to get in anywhere. You wind up at the bar next door drinking out of an obligation to do SOMETHING. But that's no good, because you're hungry and drinking. By the time they call your name, you're stumbling next door with nothing else to talk about and little interest in actually eating. The excessive wait really ruins the experience.. . The pizza is really good, but there is only a hair's difference between this pie and other great places around Phoenix. If you're new to the area, doit once just so that you can say you have. Otherwise, check out a new pizza place!
I'm on the fence on this one. All fellow Yelpers have summed it up pretty nicely for this place so I'm only going to contribute as far as my overall experience, and not the food. With that being said, Grimaldi's Pizza is just as good (minus the wait).. . Pay attention: If you go with a group of 4 or more, be prepared to wait mostly due to the fact that they do not go in the order you were put on the wait list. This is very important to note. They will fill circles of 2's and 3's around and before you before your group ever even lays eyes on that infamous brick oven.  . . I went with a large group of people (7 ppl), and we had to wait for.... wait for it........... 6 HOURS. SEIS HORAS! I'm convinced that not only is the wine bar next door owned by Bianco but the Irish pub as well. They are making a ton of money making you wait if that were true...... . If you are prepared to wait, you have to bring your own entertainment. For real. This place has that whole leisure European "what's the rush?"  feel to it. This means engaging in long and stimulating, thought-provoking conversation. Bring a game of monopoly. or chess! I do not recommend this place for a first date as boredom may creep in and put the pressure on to find common interests.... besides the pizza.
luckily, a friend of ours made reservations for 10, before they stopped taking reservations. no waiting in line. too bad they don't do that anymore.. . there were only 2 pizza options we could eat and yes, they were both good....but i still don't understand what the fuss is about. it's pizza. 3 hour wait times? do these people work? or have anything else to do? no laundry or mowing the lawn or running errands? . . my girl loved it. i pretty much like walking to oreganos or grimaldis or grazie, being served withing 30 minutes and getting on with my life. hey, but if oprah and martha stewart loved it, i guess you should too.
Is this place worth trying?  Yes.  But just so you can say you ate the pizza joint that Oprah claimed to be the best pizza in America.  Is this place worth the three hour wait that you have to endure...well, not really.  Its good, heck, I'll even say its pretty good.  But it's not really that great.  . . If you find yourself with a few hours to kill and want to go to one of those "must try for the sake of trying" places, then go, stand in line, and order the Bianco Verde (Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula) and Wiseguy (Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage).. . Then you can say you ate at Martha Stewart's favorite pizza place.
We came out for Spring Training and decided to see what all the fuss was about. The pizza is very good. Not even close to worth the wait. It just isn't. If you're from LA, just wait to get back home and go to Mozza. If you're from Chicago, just wait to get back home and go Great Lake or Crust.  If you're from New York, just go to DiFara. You'll be getting a better pizza at any of those places AND you won't have to wait for 3-4 hrs. Sometimes in situations like these I think that folks walk away saying "That was totally worth the wait!" so they don't feel like idiots for waiting that long for pizza that is good, but not THAT good. . . We got the Wiseguy, Margherita, Rosa, and Sonny Boy. The fennel sausage on the wiseguy was pretty weak and the pizza overall was under salted. Too much smoked mozz just made the crust soggy. The sonny boy was better but a little boring. The Margherita was great (but once again, you can get better elsewhere.), and the Rosa was awesome. If you like Parmigiano Reggiano, you will love the Rosa. I have to wonder why they even bothered with the pistachios as you can't really taste them through the strong flavored cheese, but still wonderful. . . What I'll remember most is all of us walking away and asking ourselves "What the hell just happened?!". Again, I'm not saying the pizza is bad. It's pretty good. Just not even close to worth the ridiculous wait. Never again.
Like all others I think the pizza is just ok.  The true hit on the menu is the Spiedini appetizer, Italian fontina wrapped in Prosciutto di Parma, served hot.  . We arrived Tuesday just after 8p and we were not seated until 1030p but we went knowing what we were in for and enjoyed a wonderful bottle of wine suggested by the helpful and friendly Danielle.  The cheese board was also good & plentiful.  I have been here a number of times tried every pizza on the menu but its just ok and not worth the wait or drive.
No SAUCE for you!  We were first in line around 3:20 and brought some wine to "enjoy" the experience.  The area is beautiful and the picnic tables outside add to the ambiance. We had a group of eight and the best seat in the house in my opinion.  Following the recommendations we ordered Spiedini and it was my favorite thing of the night.  I am glad I experienced this once, why just three stars?  The pizza is dry. Did I just dare call their pizza dry... gasp I did!  We ordered six pizzas to try a variety.  The man delivering food was straight from a Seinfeld episode. We don't double cut any pizzas.  We don't have any sauce, I don't think they use any pizza sauce on any of the pizzas.  Then, "What should I do with this dry crust left on my plate?"  The ingredients are quality but pizza was still dry.  The "favorites" of the table were varied to the personalities.  My fav was biancoverdi.
Yesterday we walked right up to dine at LUNCH TIME and got in WITH NO WAITING AT ALL!. . We started with sharing the market salad it was perfectly dressed and came with the freshest greens , goat cheese and strawberries that were special ,meaning not the supermarket Frankenstein berries but REAL farmers market type and you really can taste the difference .. . As far as I know the only thing you can't order at lunch time is the great Antipasto and also the Bar Bianco opens near dinner time .. . We ordered two pizzas the Rosa and the Wise Guy .. . We both agree the Rosa was the most interesting pizza but at the time I thought the rosemary was missing and the strongest taste was the Parmigiano Regiano . The crust had a small amount of raw flour and black burnt air pops . Still I thought this was a good pizza and took most of it home and also ordered a Biancoverde to take home and have for dinner latter .. . We make some discoveries in the reheating process .. . One I wasn't thinking and the Biancoverde doesn't reheat well and that is my fault I should have known but I wanted to try it since I never had that one before and it sounded too heavy for lunch time but it really wouldn't have been because it is  VERY lightly topped with Mozzarella , Parmigiano Reggiano , Ricotta and Arugula . In the reheating process this became very oily and sort of partially fell apart and the arugula fried itself to a crisp .. The other discovery was the reheating process improved the Rosa pizza making the pistachios come to life and making the pizza taste wonderful I did notice rosemary was used but not every slice had a leaf .. This has been our third or fourth time dining here but our first time with out all the waiting and chatting with strangers and drinking a few bottles of wine and also the first time not enjoying the Fabulous Antipasto . What I am trying to say is dining here during the day loses the MYSTIQUE , the ALLURE and the Romanticism that is associated with Pizzaria Bianco and sort of seems like you are getting your Birthday Present handed to you unwrapped .. . If you asked me until just before my last visit I would have rated this 4-5 stars but now it really seems more 3-4ish and I also forgot to add the only iced tea is a bottled sweetened iced tea and they also offer house bottled water or Mexican Bottled Coke .. . I thought I remembered the pizza much better? or maybe it was the wine and all the anticipation? or maybe it was different? don't KNOW?. . Maybe it is the Best Pizza...I don't know but I think your first try should be at dinner time .
My friend & I just had to try this place to see what all the hype was about & to see if it was really pizza worth waiting 3 hours for? Our verdict was NO. Not sure if we are able to give a fair review due to waiting 3 hours, being starving & having super high expectations. We both agreed that we would never wait 3 hours again for this place or any other restaurant for that master. It was just ridiculous. We ordered the Marguerita pizza & although we did agree that the crust was light & thin we again didn't think it was worth waiting 3 hours for. . It also seems ridiculous  that they won't seat people & serve them at the huge picnic tables outside- they could cut the wait time way down by doing that.
Sorry, I really just don't get it. I didn't hate it and I'm not hating on it now, but I don't see what all the fuss is about.. . * Pizzas slapped together resulting in uneven, soggy crusts. Our party ordered 5 of the 6 available.. . * Psychological warfare of having to wait forever for just a few tables maintains an air of pompous superiority that tricks the famished patrons into reporting the pizza is a lot better than it really is. Waiter actually boasted about the 3 to 4 hour Saturday night wait, which we got around by having reservations!. . * Bottles of iced tea and other drinks bought in bulk rather than any alternative that would make more sense.. . Good? Not bad... Best in the Phoenix Valley? HIGHLY debatable, but personally I really can't say that I think so... Best is the USA? Impossible, there's just no way.. . LGO is better. Cibo is better. Spinato's is better.. . Most hyped? Most definitely.
Ive literally waited years to try this place out and finally made it here since now they are open for lunch.  I am glad we got seated right away, if we had to wait the reported 2-3 hours when they use to only be open at night, I would be pissed and here is why............ . We got there about 2:30pm and were seated right away.  The place was way smaller than what I imagined.  We got the last table back by the restrooms.  These seats arent made for big people.  If we had people sitting next to us you would have felt like you were right on their lap.  Our waitress was friendly and came over and got our drinks.  Bottled drinks only so my wife got an ice tea and I got a Coke.  Its Mexican Coke so that was good.  $3 bucks for the ice tea and $2.50 for the Coke.  We then placed our order which was a margherita, a rosa and a sonny boy.  The pizza only took about 7 minutes to come out and here is how they stacked up...... . Margherita- Solid.  Just plain cheese and sauce with some basil on top.  Pretty tasty.  Way too thin though as that would be par for the course.. . Sonny Boy- Probably the best one of the bunch.  The salami and olive combo was pretty tasty.  Again though....way too thin.  Some of the crust was burnt too.  I dont mind some char and actually prefer it, but burnt/inedible is nasty and this had a piece or two that were like that.. . Rosa- According to a lot of "foodies", this pizza is the Holy Grail.  Well guess what?  It was freaking nasty!  I did not like it at all. It came out and looked super wet.  It was drenched in olive oil.  I mean like puddles of oil.  I ate a piece real quick and the pistachios were the only decent part of it.  The rosemary was nasty, the onions and too much oil overpowered the thing and the grated cheese they use tasted a little off.  I ate one more piece of it because I didnt want to waste any.  Well guess what?  I did....wasted 4 slices.   Our waitress asked if we wanted a box for it and I said no.  She replied with "Thats a first".  And it was probably true.....I just didnt like the combo of flavors and honestly it wasnt good at all.. . Total for 3 pizzas and 2 drinks $52 bucks.  STEEP!  After a 10 dollar tip, $62.00 and change for some paper thin pizza that was good, but nowhere near amazing.  I made my one trip there and it will probably be my last. I got to cross it off my list of places to eat, but I drew a sad face next to it because it just wasnt worth it.  Oh well.....the next 3 nights I get to eat at Grimaldis which is A+ fantastic pizza and my undisputed favorite pizza in AZ.  I just wish Bianco lived up to the hype.
Not sure what the hype is about at this place.. . The service was RUDE... We sat at the bar and the waiter who served us was rude, curt and purposefully made us wait longer than necessary serving all else around us first, even though they sat after us.. . We were told there was a 45 minute wait ( arrived at 5:30) but then waited over 1.5 hours.  Lame.  Get your times right...it's not that hard.. . The pizza was average at best.  After living in NYC, this place just can't and doesn't measure up.  Clearly, the people who are rating this place haven't had really good pizza and dont' have many options in this small town.... I wouldn't be paid to eat here again.  The pizza isn't that special, people.
So I give it three stars.  It is really good pizza, but most defnitely not worthy of the best pizza in the country.  One thing I did not like was the lack of sauce.  There is NO sauce, "white pizza".  Not a whole lof of choices, but I guess they do that because they are always so packed and need to make sure they get pizza's out in a timely manner.  The caprese salad was really yummy.  They use olive oil instead of a balsamic reduction, so it is different.  I thought the crust could have used some flavor so I really didn't eat it (too burnt anyway), but I really like how they blended the cheeses, meats and vegetables for the toppings.  We had a party of 10, so I was able to try a slice from three pies, but I can't pick a best because they are all so very unique.  I will probably go back, but I thought a pizza, splitting a caprese salad and one glass of wine just for me, is a little pricey at 40 dollars.
When the hype is that nuts, how can a place possibly live up? . We went early-ish on a Tuesday evening, and were prepared for the infamous wait. The weather was lovely and we got a bottle of wine to enjoy outside while we waited (two hours!) for our table. Okay, it was a long wait and we got 2 bottles. . By the time our table was ready, we were loaded and starving-Of course it was delicious! The crust was bubbly and crispy, and just slightly charred. The cheese and toppings were fresh and tasty. Then the obvious comparisons to Cibo came in. The quality of pizza was ever-so-slightly better, but when you take into consideration the wait, the limited menu, and cramped dining room, it falls short of its competition up on Fillmore.. I'm glad I went and tried the best rated pizza in Phoenix, but will I go back? Probably not. After all, nothing can live up to that hype.
I went there a few months ago on a Saturday with 2 friends.  I arrived at 3:30pm to wait for the 5pm opening.  There were already several tables of people ahead of me.  My friends arrived later and were kind enough to run and get me a glass of wine.  5pm came and excitement buzzed in the air!  Would we make the first cut?  I couldn't see why not, but just then several large parties arrived and went in first...due to the reservations allowed for 6+ rule.  The line started moving and sure enough, the cut-off was right in front of me.  We'd have to wait.   My friends were irritated, even though I'd done the longest wait, but I dug in my heels and said "I'm staying, you guys can go elsewhere if you like".  They stuck with me and we went to the other building for an hour or so.  We had a cheese plate and more wine in the meantime.  Our number was up and we were stuffed into the last table at the back of the room.  We ordered 2 pizzas to share.  They were good but being so thin, not very filling and the dessert selection of tira misu wasn't very exciting.  We got the impression they didn't care much if we were satisfied, just wanted to keep the line outside moving, so I left still a little hungry.    Added annoyance was I forgot to have my parking stub stamped and had to pay the entire fee when I left.  So not a great experience I'd say.   It would be really nice to go there and walk in like a normal guest, not in a herd, and enjoy my first glass of wine WITH my pizza.   Maybe it's better now that it's open during the day?
Given the reputation and urban lore that follows Pizzeria Bianco, I had expected to wait in line upwards of an hour.  To my surprise my party (only 2 of us) waltzed in and sat right down.  Easy enough.. . The restaurant is nice and cozy and very small.  When the weather is cooler I would expect longer waits simply on the small size of the place alone.  The pizza oven was directly behind my and I felt sorry, if only for a moment, for the two guys manning the oven.. . The wood fired pizza will bake quickly.  Don't expect to wait very long.  That is one saving grace if you do happen to get stuck waiting.  Most parties should out in a timely fashion unless they decide to hang around too long after they eat.  This is the kind of place that anyone with common courtesy will depart when they are done eating.. . The Bianco pie is hyped.  While it is very good I can think of two places off the top of my head that are better (neither is located here in AZ).  Based on the food alone I would normally give a place like this 4 stars but two things irk me about Pizzeria Bianco: value and selection.  You must choose from a selection ofonly 6 pizza varieties ranging from $12-16.  If you want to leave with a full stomach expect to order 2 or 3 pies and expect to drop some cash.  I shared a pizza with my friend.  The 3 slices rationed to me were akin to eating on slice of your standard pizza.  . . Service was friendly and attentive and they will validate your parking ticket if you are parked in the garage next door.. . Good pie and place overall but not up to the hype.  If you can get right in, by all means, go for it but I'd wait for another day if the wait approaches the fabled hour mark.
We arrived for lunch right at 11 and waited for them to open the doors. There was already a good size crowd waiting to get in. We were seated right away and service was fairly quick (total lunch took about an hour, not too bad for sit-down service). . . Since it was a work lunch, we couldn't have any beer or wine. they have 3 options: Coke, diet Coke or sweet tea (all bottles). No fountain drinks at all. That was fine by me, water is cheaper. It is worth noting that the beer they have on tap (Thunder Head or something ) is REALLY tastyand VERY hard to find anywhere else. It's available next door at Bar Bianco.. . They only have 6 pizza options and 6 additional topping options. If you want fruit or something on your pizza, you better go somewhere else, because that's not what they do. . . I had the Rosa pizza, with parmegiano reggiano, red onions and pistachios. it was quite good, but not amazing. Two friends had the margherita pizza and one had the one with fennel sausage. One friend LOVED his margherita pizza but hated mine; I had a piece of his and thought it was bland. The guy who had the sausage pizza found it to be so-so. I always thought they got a little crazy with the sausage. It's pretty strong tasting stuff, you should go easy on it.. . After lunch, don't expect dessert. They don't have any. They do have a huge coffee machine, so you can have your espresso or cappuccino. . . If you come at dinner time, be prepared to wait. You can make reservations for 6 or more, but you have to do that weeks in advance. . . Honestly, no matter what you've heard, this is NOT the best pizza in the Valley. La Grande Orange does it as well or better, plus they have more topping options and are more than happy to give you a half and half pizza. This place is a little snooty. My friend had a salad and wanted to add the fennel sausage to it (he's on a protein diet). They said the sausage is for the pizza only! Really??. . So, if you really want to try it, go right ahead and make up your own mind. Maybe come at lunch time. Not nearly as busy and it has all the same food (unlike Cibo, which has a different menu at dinner). But you would probably be happier at Cibo or La Grande Orange. Both make awesome pizza with more options and are way more friendly about it.
Not sure why I bother writing a review with 500 others.  . . It's very good pizza.  Extremely good crust.  Really pretty reasonable price for gourmet pizza.. . Setting is extremely cool "loft" type space.  Staff seemed nice.. . I didn't eat here the first 10 years of my life as I refuse to wait in that long of a line.. . Happened by it one time when there was no line, came in and sat down, and had my pizza ten minutes later.. . I probably should give it 4 stars.  But after hearing about it being the best pizza in the world almost, expectations were high.. . Absolutely worth stopping by and getting a pizza if you are in the area and there is a small or nonexistent line.. . Absolutely not worth waiting two hours for, especially in late spring to early fall, when it can be really really hot.
Last year we tried to get into this place for dinner on a Wed and was told 1 hour 45 minute wait.  Never mind we'll try again.  A year later, I found out they are serving lunch and we gave it another try - this time on Sat. for my husband's birthday - he loves pizza! We were seated right away - our choice bar or table.  We opted for a table and were waited on promptly. We both got Bubble Up to drink (Basically 7-up in retro bottles) and the Sonny Boy.  . . The pizza was good, wood fired (Honestly, not a big fan of this style), fresh ingredients.  One pizza is enough for two.  Once they spotted we were getting to the end of the pizza - we were asked if we wanted a coffee or anything else - no we didn't and was promptly given the check.  . . We both felt that the pizza was good, not worth waiting any time longer than 10 minutes for (too many other places to choose from) and the wait staff moved you along very quickly, don't even think about lingering for after dinner conversation unless you are ordering more food/drink.. . Now I can say, I've been there done that.
Here is my theory, and Im sure in some cases I'm totally wrong, but its just a theory.  Most of the people who eat here don't have reservations, which means waiting in line for hours, even after you get your name on the list, you have to wait longer. So most people go over to the bar next door and drink, if you thinkabout it, by the time you  get your pizza you have waited at least 3 or more hours, and more than likely are drunk. Combine that with the preconceived notions they have already heard about this place, it makes for one amazing pizza.. . Now I'm not trying to hate on this place at all, but it is just so overrated. The pizza was really good, the customer service was horrible, price was okay. My friends and I had reservations and ended up not getting a table until 30 minutes after our reservations were supposed to start. If you have a ton of time on your hands I recommend it, but your not missing too much. I have heard that Cibo pizza is actually better, and you don't have to wait in a ridiculous  line.
I moved to Phx about 6 months and since the beginning I have been hearing about Pizzeria Bianco. I also heard how freakin long you need to wait to get in. I tried it once at night and after an hour and 15 minutes I gave up. I couldn't help but wonder. . 1. why don't they serve food outside?. 2. why don't they make the restaurant bigger?. 3. does the owner want to keep it small despite the negative experience for MANY people who have to wait for forever or just don't go because they don't want the hassle?. . Well, they they started serving lunch. Usually it's too far for me to run to during the work week but I happened to have a random day off and luckily I put this on my list.. . I was so happy to show up and see plenty of seats for me to choose from at the bar. Hallelujah, let's see what the fuss is all about. I had a tasty coke from a bottle (I'm rarely a caffeine drinker) and ordered the Margherita after debating whether to go red or white. 5 minutes after I ordered the friendly waitress told another customer at the bar that you could split the pizza and do half and half for yourself. Wish I woulda known!. . It took awhile to get my pizza but it was damn tasty. Maybe a 20-30 min wait tasty, but not a 4 hour wait tasty. Still good, still glad I went, still want to go again, definitely not at night, but lunch is my saving grace.
I was extremely excited to try what is considered some of the "best pizza" in America..., finding out it was only minutes away from my new office. My expectations may have been too high. Our party of four went for a late lunch, we did not have to wait for a table. . . My fiance and I decided to try 2 pies, the margherita and the Biancoverde. The Margherita pie came out quite dry, not with the wonderful chewy crust that a great margherita should have... however, the Biancoverde, a white pizza with Ricotta and arugala, was fantastic! Incredible flavors, the extra toppings kept this pie perfectly moist and delicious, it was really quite perfect. . Unfortunately, we had a hair in one of our pizzas, however, that's only part of the reason for the mediocre rating... . The hair, the 1-2 star margherita, and the non-existant meat selection I can only give a 3 star rating... (I'm a bit of a carnivore, I need more meat!). I'm still looking for something to replace the incredible pizzas I've had at my favorite neopolitana joing back home in Canada, Famoso. . . Will I be back to Pizzeria Bianco for another go? Absolutely...
We had a friend from Italy who came to visit, and heard PB is the best in town, so we thought this would be the restaurant of choice. There really is a lot of HYPE about Pizzeria Bianco that I don't really understand now that I've eaten here. . . Came here on a friday night and put our names down. We were told it would be about 1 hour to 1:45 minute wait. It really is a tiny place, that fits only about 30 people maximum. So we walked over to Bar Biano next door.. . Once we finally got seated after waiting about 1:30 minutes, we ordered fairly quickly since we were famished. . . I ordered the biancoverde pizza & added red sauce. My italian friend said you can't have a pizza without red/tomato sauce. It also came with ricotta, mozzarella cheese topped with argula. My friend ordered the Margarita pizza (mozzarella & basil). . . The food took another 20-25 minutes. We thought bread was complimentary but apparently you have to order it. . . No matter how great the food is, a 2-hour wait to me is just ridiculous. I was forewarned but I didn't free like this was a one-of-a-kind pizza place. Don't get me wrong I LOVE wood-fired pizza but it's just too long of a wait.  . . My Italian friend said the pizza crust was good, but he had an issue with the cheese saying it wasn't ''authentic''. My guessis many places in the Valley won't truly have ''authentic'' Italian cheeses.. . The pizza was definitely delicious.. my crust was slightly burned but I ate the whole pie by myself!. . Bottom line: Don't come here hungry. Expect to wait. and Come with good friends since you'll have PLENTY of time to catch up.
Best Pizza in America. That's a big claim to live up to. And unfortunately, live up to it, Bianco did not. I don't even think it deserves Best Pizza in Phoenix.. . After many years of not wanting to wait in the legendary 3 hour line for Bianco I decided to try it brave it and take an out of town friend to this famous pizzeria. It was a Wednesday night, about 6:30pm. We walked in and got a table immediately. Has the hype died down or did we just get lucky? Anyway, apparently Wednesday is a good night to go.. . We ordered the market salad which was arugula with apples, goat cheese and a wine vinaigrette and a margherita pizza to share. The salad was delicious. Fresh ingredients, not too much dressing and the perfect amount for two to share. Following that came the pizza. It was good but honestly not that great. I was expecting to be wowed. I wanted to bite in and say "holy crap is this good." Instead I bit in and thought "yeah, it's pretty good." My out of town friend who had never even heard of the place (or the hype) agreed. Maybe if you wait for three hours it does taste amazing because by that time you're starving and any pizza would taste like the best pizza ever. I was just glad we didn't wait that long for pizza that was just good.. . Don't get me wrong, I liked it. Overall I'd say the food was good but not worth all the hype. The salad was more memorable than the pizza. For a similar style pizza I'd recommend La Grande Orange instead.
Pizzeria Bianco represented a conundrum of pizzeria dining for me. On the one hand, it's hard not to appreciate the labor of love and culinary excellence that goes into their pizzas, from the fresh ingredients to the brick oven to the intimate, urban setting of the place. On the other hand, it's hard to justify a two hour or more wait, mediocre wait staff, and tasty, though not one of a kind flavor of the pizza there. My girlfriend loves to cook, and always keeps up to date on the nearby restaurants that get rave reviews and/or have staked their claim in the culinary industry. Naturally, she had this place on her radar for a while. Pizzeria Bianco has been called the best pizzeria in the country by such people as Rachel Ray and many others who have even eaten at pizza powerhouses like New York or Chicago. I have never eaten pizza in either of those cities, and yet I even had a hard time imagining that a pizzeria in Phoenix could be better than what they have out there. That is the collective theory, however, and people flock from all over to eat here. Like I said, I can see why it gets rave reviews from a culinary standpoint, but I really didn't find the pizza to be worthy of being called "best in the country." If you're lucky enough to eat here without having to wait for hours, it is a pretty great pizzeria and you'd be hard pressed to find fresher ingredients. If you aren't a pizza snob, though, you'll find that other places like Grimaldi's and Oreganos serve up delicious, if not better, pizza with a substantially shorter wait time.
OK...so I moved to town about 8 months ago and FINALLY made it to what I had heard was The Holy Grail for pizza.  I was prepared for the wait and arrived a good two hours before I planned on partaking in the feast that I had heard so much about.  I have got to admit, ILOVE the atmosphere and love the beer/wine bar next door as well as the English place across the street.  Its all part of it....and the charm is unlike much of anything that I am accustom to in the Southwest.  I almost felt like I was in New England or even the Carolina's.  It has a wonderful old world charm.. . OK.  So its finally time and we get seated at a wonderful and cozy table by an absolutely charming hostess.  Really made me feel special.  We perused the menu and ordered three  that seemed would be a perfect complement to one another and 15 minutes later they arrived.. . Ehhh.  So, so.  Fair.  One of them said on the menu that it came with a marinara based sauce had no sauce whatsoever.  At least nothing recognizable.  When we asked if there was any way at all that we could get some sauce on the side (and we knew that Bianco doesnt roll with that) we were politely told that they do not do that BUT they would make us another one if we wished.  I mean that is a wonderful offer...but we couldnt bare to see a decent pizza get wasted.  It just needed a little sauce!  So we told them "no thanks...it's fine".. . Ingredients are fresh, service great and atmosphere really kinda special but once again, the pizza isnt that out of this world.  But I guess you've got to do it because it is after all "Pizzeria Bianco".  And I will be back.  Probably quite a few times.  I loved the experience.  But for a woodfired pizza...with quality without the ego (to not allow a side of sauce to come out) there are a few places I'd pick first.. . So long and short (I have to believe) is that you should communicate with the waitstaff as to what you enjoy in a pizza without presuming that it comes with things we take for granted like a good red sauce.  I have a hunch that if you do you are probably guaranteed to enjoy your za when it shows up.  . . Chow!
Was in the area checking out an exhibit at the Phoenix Science Center and noticed the place was open for lunch.  I was super surprised no one was waiting outside and decided rather then to wait hours later to steal a seat with my husband and have a nice little lunch.  We ordered the Rosa Pizza and shared. It was yummy, and the perfect size for two people.  The pizza is handmade and put into the wood oven located within viewing distance right in front of you.  I guess I'm not that big of a crust person but being near the fire of course it was a little burnt, but that didn't bother me.   We sat at the bar so not to have to wait and got in and out of the restaurant super fast.
Um, so what can I say about this place. Everyone loves it (well some on here aren't so impressed). I would actually give it a 4* for taste, but a 3* for value. I must say though, our server was great, just how I think excellent servers should be. He told us his recommendations and his favorites with his own personal twists. . . We ordered the antipasto, margherita + fennel sausage, biancoverde + prosciutto, and since we weren't full yet (there were 3 of us) we got the sonny boy + mushrooms. . . The antipasto was very delicious. I would recommend! Great mixture of veggies and cheese and olives.  . . The best rec from our server was the biancoverde + prosciutto. That's his ultimate fav and that was our ultimate fav! Too bad we didn't end with it. Maybe if we did, I'd push this up to 4* ;) (It is a must try! Flavorful and fresh ingredients. Superb!) We ended with the sonny boy and that was a big of a disappointment. Both my hubs and I didn't care for the Gaeta olives on the pizza. It was also a bit salty too. But we dont' regret trying something different. I do wish we would have just gotten the margherita alone instead of adding the fennel sausage. I wasn't a fan of the sausage. I think I would have liked it just normal. . . Our last pizza, the sonny boy came out a bit burnt. Felt like that was a little unacceptable. . . We didn't have a wait which was great and while we were there it didn't seem like there was a long way. Just depends on the day and hour. Not sure how often I would come back. Glad that I tried it at least once though. . . I guess I was thinking of the wood fired pizza we had in Naples, Italy and still hoping for something close to that. It wasn't. And for the price, I'm not totally convinced that it matched, BUT the flavors were positive, ingredients fresh, service very good.
I had been waiting to try this pizza for a few years now. I used to live in the Phx area, and had squandered a few opportunities to go. The wait was not a deterrent, since I have waited to try other restaurants in the past. . . Ignore the fact that I am from Chicago, because that didn't factor into this review. Comparing deep dish pizza to a thinner east coast style of pizza doesn't make much sense. . . That being said, we got there late afternoon on a Saturday, and we got right in.....to put our name on the list for a 2 hour wait. We took a quick walk across the street to the bar that has more than beer and wine, because i wanted neither. After some minor drinking and an appetizer, and some less than enjoyable conversation from my "new friends", we went back over, 15 minutes short of finally being sat at a table.. . We sat down, and i received the highlight of my meal. A Bubble Up. For those that don't know, this is pretty much Sprite made from real cane sugar. After I guzzled down my Bubble Up, my Pizza promptly arrived (Margherita with Fennel Sausage and Basil).. . I looked for the biggest slice, and dug in. Although it was decent, it doesn't warrant the wait, and to say this pizza is nationally ranked is laughable. I would have been just as satisfied at Sbarro's. I would put this behind the likes of Grimaldi's and Grazie. Don't get me wrong, I would eat it again, just call me when you are about to be sat and I'll let you know what I want, that way when I get there my pizza will be ready, because it is far from worth a 2 hour wait.
I have to agree with my friend and fellow Yelper, Donald S.  I don't get it.  Don't get me wrong, the pizza is good but two-hours-wait good?  I think not.  And it could have been that she was having a bad day, but our service/server was terrible.  Service with a groan.  She couldn't have made us feel more unwelcome had she tried.. . Now, having said all that, go next door!!!  Bar Bianco is wonderful...cozy and warm, both the place and the service.  I have been here before, and I always have a great experience!
I've been waiting to try this place out and finally did. I was forewarned about the wait time and thankfully got the pizza cravings late at night and decided to see what the hype was all about. The place is very snug and packed full of ppl. The pizza we ordered came with fennel sausage, assorted meats ( I forget the name), the taste was fine... NOT worth the hype, and if I had to wait in line for hours on end fah getta bout it! My advice is get a pizza at Oreganos! Now there's a delicious pizza where you're not waiting out the door for.
This place is a little too hyped for what you pay. If you want to shell out your cash for "pizza forno a legna", go to Pomo Pizzeria. Having traveled to Campania in search of pizza, this little spot in the Borgata serves pies that easily transport you to Napoli, the only thing missing is the palace up on Capodimonte and hints of the Camorra at every corner... . . On a good note, Pizzeria Bianco serves extremely fresh ingredients and the bar next door is perfect for a pint. Which reminds me that the bar girl on our day was extremely cool and not your typical phony zonie (Arizonan for us Californians).
Pizzeria Bianco is overrated. The quality of Bianco's pizza did not justify our investment of time. If I wait 3 hours for food, it should be amazing. Bianco's pizza wasn't. Bianco makes a competent, if not extraordinary, Neapolitan pizza. . . Bianco's pizza was fine but hardly the best pizza in the US. I have eaten pizza all over the US and throughout Italy, so I have a basis for comparison. Honestly, I don't even see how Bianco gets into the conversation. As an example, it was no better than the pizza at Ciao Napoli in Chicago or Tutta Bella in Seattle (and I didn't wait anywhere close to 3 hours at either of those places).. . I would only return if there was no line (i.e., I won't be back).
Service was good and my parents and I came on a weekday mid-afternoon so we were seated right away. If we had to wait, I would say it wouldn't be worth it. Coming from San Francisco where there are a lot of good pizza places, I thought that the pizza was good but I wasn't impressed. I think I had extremely high expectations after hearing that Oprah and Martha Stewart love the pizza here... Got the local green salad and the Wise Guy and Sonny Boy pizzas, the Sonny Boy was a tad too salty.
Initially when I wrote on my fb status "Hey I'm traveling to Phoenix, Arizona, do you guys have any restaurant recommendations" the general consensus from everyone is to go to Pizzeria Bianco. I looked it up and saw all the rave reviews about this place and the warning to new customers that you willexpect to wait at least an hour or 2 to get a table in this place. BUT, if everybody's mama and mama's mama is raving about this place, I have to go right?! The waitress took down our names and gave us a buzzer letting us know it will be about a 1 1/2 hour wait. Okay.. no surprise.. we expect that we will be waiting a long time. So we walk next door to their bar area which looks like it used to be a house and snag a seat outside in the patio. You can grab a drink or two while waiting for a table. Finally the buzzer goes off, "SWEET.. now we could eat!" We immediately know what to order. The Mozzarella is supposed to be handmade was delish.. very fresh and goes naturally well with the sweet steak tomatoe and olive oil. Our pizzas finally arrive which we ordered the mozzarella with sausage and basil pizza. Pizza dough was chewey and not too thick or thin. It kind of reminds me of LA's Urbano Pizza or a lot of these fancy gourmet pizzeria places but if you ask me if it is worth 2+ hours of wait time to get fancy pizza? UMmm.. probably not. I think I would go at least once if you are new to Phoenix and you want to just go for the experience. But I definitely think Mother Dough in Los Angeles, California is way better... minus the crazy wait time.. . Come to LA, and you will know what I am talking about. =). . *FYI: Place is about a few blocks, walking distance from the Phoenix Convention Center.
So much has been written about Pizzeria Bianco that we had to give it a try, regardless of wait time. Fortunately, we decided to go there during an off hour, around 3:30 pm on a Saturday. The wait we were told was still an hour. We killed time next door at Bar Bianco but then I wondered why wouldn't they use this space to serve more patrons? Anyways, the wait ended up to be a quick 30 minutes. . . The Wiseguy was what was recommended so I had that (fennel sausage, mozzarella, and onions) and added mushrooms to it. We also ordered the Margherita for the table. Overall, the menu is pretty short and simple. Pizzas came out pretty quickly. The combination of flavors on the Wiseguy was good, but it seemed a bit too oily. The Margherita was a bit more traditional and was good. . . Staff was friendly and the ambiance was nice. I liked the waiting area Bar Bianco next door. It was like you were sitting in someone's home. The restaurant itself is small. If you have a large group, good luck.. . So was all this worth the wait? Ummm, not sure 'bout that.
Best gourmet pizza in Phoenix. The wait time may change your mind. If you really want face melting pizza travel to Chicago, Boston, New York. Even Salt Lake City. However, if in Phoenix/Scottsdale area, try it when it's not busy. Good luck
Decent but overrated. Had 5 pies, most were too salty, was tired of them after 3 bites of each.  All this after a 4 hour wait.  Crust was decent, but similarly styled Pizzeria Mozza in Los Angeles is better.
We got the Wiseguy with Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, and Fennel Sausage.  I was very underwhelmed.  The pizza was really greasy and just not all that great-tasting.  Also the crust was burnt in several places, making it taste even worse.
Didn't really see what all the hype is about. Took the bf here for his bday and the pizza was good but not OMG good. I love going all out with the bill and make sure I rack up a high tab for special occassions but I felt like I got ripped off, I just had REALLY high expectations. Wasn't by any means horrible, but it wasn't the BEST in Phoenix in my opinion. Parking was difficult and we ended up sitting at the bar. The service was great and the staff was helpful but I'd much rather have La Bocca on mill ave in my opinion- not a crazy wait, pizza's better and cheaper.
I have to say, I don't really get the hype.. . The small restaurant, with about 12 tables crammed inside one room serves up a variety of pizzas, as well as salads and  a couple appetizers. The antipasto plate ($13) was fine, with a couple pieces of cheese, olives, peppers, a frittata and salami, but it wasn't any better than what I've had at my current favorite downtown Phoenix pizza place, Cibo.. . In fact, Cibo beat Bianco in pizza quality (Cibo doesn't burn the edges) and in wait time. My party of four waited more than an hour for a table at Bianco's, and I don't think I've ever waited more than 30 minutes at Cibo on a busy Friday or Saturday night.. . I ordered a margherita pizza topped with olives ($15), and I did enjoy the thin, soft middle of the pizza. It was similar in taste and portion size to Cibo but had that not-so-appetizing burnt crust.. . The atmosphere at Bianco's was bare bones, and it was way too loud in the place to be considered romantic. Cibo, on the other hand, offers a gorgeous patio and a quieter setting.. . I liked that Pizzeria Bianco was in the historic downtown area and was close to several bars, including the Rose and Crown Pub (628 E. Adams St.), but in the future I'll stick with Cibo for a quality pizza fix.
It's good.  Yes, that is what you need to know.. . Is it worth a 2 hour wait?  No, it's not.  . . If you get here and are standing in line because it's supposed to be this totally awesome pizza, just go somewhere else.  Come back on a lazy afternoon or something when the wait isn't insane.  It's good pizza, and you should try it, but it's not worth the wait.  If you're determined, go for it.  But I wouldn't.
All I've ever heard about this place is how it is the best place for pizza. I've also heard how many people wait hours just to eat here so my boyfriend and I tried going on a weekday for lunch. . . There was a 30 minute wait which wasn't too bad. The service was fine but I didn't necessarily like the setup of the restaurant. I'm fine with smaller restaurants with lots of charm but our table was so close to the tables next to us it made it hard not to feel like we were sitting on top of the couple next to us. . . But we came for the pizza and while it was good pizza, it is not something I would ever wait HOURS for like other reviewers mentioned! I guess after hearing  time after time that this is THE best pizza I had certain expectations and was sadly disappointed! It is worth checking out, but definitely check out a few other local places to compare.. . To sum it up: good pizza, but not mindblowingly, wait for 3 hours good! I think there's a few other really great local urban pizzerias in Phoenix that I will go to over Bianco.
I know everyone has raved about this place. So naturally, I was was super excited to try it. I don't know if it was just so hyped up or what, but it just seemed like a normal pizza to me... with a really long wait.. . I was meeting some girlfriends there for lunch, we got there a few minutes early and asked to be seated, but they won't seat you until the whole party is there, unfortunately (although understandable!). So we stood outside, in the 108 degree heat until everyone got there. After waiting over an hour, they finally were able to seat us. We had three kiddos with us, and they told us they only had two high chairs. (Not a huge issue, but definitely not convenient either.). . I thought their menu was extremely limited, only have 6 pizzas: 3 with red sauce and 3 with white sauce and then just a few toppings you could add.. . While the food was alright, I didn't find it over-the-top or spectacular as I had expected. Needless to say, I'd have no problem going back but I probably wouldn't seek it out.
After hearing so many amazing reviews, I wanted desperately to be a part of the urban yuppie "it" scene.  Sadly, disappointed.. . I suppose Pizzeria Bianco earned 3 stars because it was okay food and I didn't have to wait--a wait would've knocked off another star.  Waiting for OK food is not OK.  But now I can say I've been and don't know what all the hype is about. . . First things first, disappointing wine list.  I started at their "wine bar" next door (small by the glass selection, 5/6 reds, maybe 12 total options), where my $13 Pinot must've been served at 87 degrees.  Dear Genius, Phoenix room temperature in August is not the appropriate temperature for ANY wine to be served.  EVER.  When I become a super a-hole in my later years as opposed to the amateur a-hole I pretend to be now, I would definitely speak to a manager about that.  Someone who is spending over $15 dollars after tax and tip on a glass of wine would know proper temperature, your bartenders do not?  I chose a red blend in the actual restaurant which was served at a better temp and surprise surprise, the result was a cheaper, better tasting wine.. . Now that we got THAT out of the way.... . We ordered the organic green salad which was pretty boring, greens and maybe a few olives, but I can buy into getting organic greens and maybe nothing else for the $6 price.  For our meal we shared a pizza, the Wiseguy with onions and sausage.  It met expectations, but was not WOW, good.  I guess the bar was set a bit high, I was prepared to put this on the same level as Cibo, but no.  Do not do that.  The pizza menu was also notably small and most of the pizza's were vegetarian.  Not that I'm always a carnivore, I ate vegetarian for almost 2 years, I just like my options.. . Go if you must to say you did.  Do not wait.  And parking is kind of a pain=Valet is the best option.  You're welcome.
Ehh- The pizza was very good. Not better than Cibo or Harley's though. The wait was crazy and the service suuucked! At the afore mentioned restaurants, you get a better vibe, better prices and I've always had awesome service!
Oddly enough I am not a fan. . . The pizza is good don't get me wrong but I find Humble Pie's selection and taste better, Cibo's is also better in my opinion. . . The wait is too long, the tables are too small and the pie is good but not great. If you have kids my suggestion to you is probably not recommended. That is not saying they are not kid friendly but its a very small place to have little ones who have the attention span of a gnat.. . If you have time and you like sitting in the wine bar next door? Go for it, the wine bar is really nice and their Moscato is killer.. . P.S. Its down town so parking really REALLY sucks.
Saturday night = long wait.  The wine bar next door was a great place to sit and chat with an antipasto plate and a drink and certainly made it tolerable. . . 5 stars for atmosphere and charm for the whole experience.. . The pizza is very good, but not quite as good as I expected and the price is a little steep in my opinion, but not too bad.. . Overall, I'm not sure if I would go back. The long wait times had set my expectations really high and they just weren't quite met.  For my money I'd rather go to Grimaldi's for a very similar pie but a better value.
I wasn't that impressed by the pizza after all the hype I heard about it on the food network and such. I went during lunch when there was no wait and I'm not sure if the pizza would be worth a one hour wait. Don't get me wrong, the pizza is definitely pretty good but I was expecting much better from a place rated among the top pizza joints in the US. One of the pizzas had a slightly burnt crust and the other wasn't crispy enough. The pizzas we tried were Rosa and the wiseguy and both had pretty good flavor.
First of all I went for lunch so there wasn't any wait for us to be seated and our order taken. So I can't comment on the huge insane waits The restaurant is pretty cool and industrial with not very much seating.  I can see how it gets packed at some points.  They only have bottled Soda so no refills for which is kind of odd and a bit expensive. I guess they want to move people out.  The pizza's are a pretty good size for one hungry person or to share if you have two not so hungry people.  I got the pistachio pizza and it was pretty good.  I had never heard of one before, but I had to try it.  It wasn't anything mind blowing.  I think maybe I had built up the experience too much before I went and thought it was going to be mind blowing.  It sadly was not.  I think it's a fine pizza place which I wouldn't wait hours for.  So do yourself a favor and go when they open for lunch and judge for yourself.. . Try:. . - Pistachio Pizza
Had lunch here with Arlin B. and Rand H. and yes the pizza is good here but I do not think it is good enough for the price or the wait.The crust was really good and the topping were ok but I prefer a meat lovers pizza piled high.There are at least 5 other pizza places i would rather eat at . I would probably never return here because I was not as impressed as much as many other yelpers are.
Pizzeria Bianco - 3.5 STARS. . As one of Phoenix's popular restaurants, I had to check out Pizzeria Bianco and see what the fuss was all about!. . Known for their thin crust pizza and long hour waiting period to dine here (minus a star), I came one Friday evening with the parentals. Parking was very limited. You either valet or head across the street by an underground garage parking (which can be validated 1 hour off from Pizzeria Bianco). We ended up paying $7 after validation from our 3 hour stay within the vicinity.. . As I walked in, the hostess greeted me and took my name and party #. She mentioned the wait would probably be about 1 hour and 30-45 minutes. After expecting a 2 hour wait time, she recommended to head next door in their waiting lobby which also has a bar and offers small snacks. We had a bottle of wine and insalata dish.. . After waiting for a little over an hour, we were summoned by our waitress at their waiting lobby area. We were able to transfer our food and drinks next door. . . The venue is very cozy, dim lit and rustic. About 35-40% of the room is taken up by their kitchen/bar, while the rest of the area is full of tables for diners. Since it's a small area, it can also be quite loud and difficult to hear a conversation.. . We were kindly greeted by our waiter, who was able to answer all of our questions and recommended items on the menu that was quite popular amongst the diners and himself. For service, we were well taken care of! (**4 STARS**). . PIZZA. (1) Wiseguy - white sauce+ wood-roasted onions + smoked mozzarella + fennel sausage ($16, **4 STARS**) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pizzeria-bianco-phoenix?select=jrKhKKY7kA4-XGVZlebRSw#jrKhKKY7kA4-XGVZlebRSw. . (2) Margherita - tomato sauce + mozzarella + basil ($13, **3 STARS**) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pizzeria-bianco-phoenix?select=jrKhKKY7kA4-XGVZlebRSw#SCMwOnc_HI5y8j35kMutGA. . OVERALL THOUGHTS. I think Pizzeria Bianco is a decent place for some thin crust pizza, but it was NOT worth waiting that long. You pretty much waited 2 hours, but once seated, your pizza comes in like 5 minutes. The pizza wasn't bad at all, nor was the best I've ever had. Consider it satisfying if you were to dine here, but was not memorable. I do love the fact that it is home made and the products used to generate their pizza pies are of substantial quality and of local products, but I have had better pizza in Portland and San Diego who play the same game.. . Is it worth visiting if you're in the area? Yes, if you want to say you've been here.. Is it the best pizza you'll have? No. . I hope that helps you out if you choose to dine here.. . Yelp 2013 100 for 100 Challenge - Review #44
The pizza was solid but not rave worthy.  The location is nice.  Split a Sonny Boy and a salad with coworker, was perfect amount to eat for lunch.  It cost $40ish for that and two sodas.  The sausage on the Sonny Boy is good and the cheese and sauce are good but I can't figure out why everyone is so amped up about this place.   Humble Pie is a little better in my opinion.  . . I would like to try this place again during the evening.
This place is good, very good, but it was overhyped for me.  I have seen them on several "Best of" lists, and was excited to finally get a chance to try them when working in Phoenix.  The pizza is classic Neopolitan and very good as they were one of the first ones to offer this style since 1994, so I give them great props for that.  There are just now so many others offering similar styled pizza with unique and more flavorful crust offerings.  If I hadn't been to so many other places (see my pizza list), I would probably give them 4 stars.. . I came on a Tuesday night when there were no sporting events nearby, so it wasn't too crowded, which was nice.  The parking is a little strange as when you turn into the street directed by your GPS, it dead-ends into the park near the restaurant.  Fortunately they have a valet guy that will take your car for a reasonable cost of $3.. . I tried the margherita pizza with sausage and it was flavorful, and the crust was nice and chewy.  I was disappointed that they only offered one of the Four Pointe brews on tap in the restaurant (the lighter one), but the Bar Bianco next door had at least four drafts.  Tip to remember for next time is to go next door to order your beer and then bring it in (I think they allow that since they are same ownership.
Wow... really?  This is the best in America?  I don't think so.  I like the fact that they are open during the week at lunch.  I've read too many reviews about people waiting 1-2 hours.  After eating here I must ask, are you nuts?  The pizza is good but it certainly isn't 1-2 hour wait good.  . . The dining area is a little too small for my liking and I think it's pathetic that you have to pay them to park.  . . We ordered a Margharita and a Sonny Boy.  Both pizzas were delicious but I couldn't believe how overhyped this place is.  . . If you are looking for good pizza, then go.  This place has good pizza.  The best?  Nah.
If you live in Phoenix, you should go there at least once, but is it the best in America?  Probably not-though it may be one of the top 2 in Phoenix.  What they provide is a very good Brick oven pizza, though I have had better at other locations without the 2 hour wait.  Maybe I was expecting more after waiting for 2 hours, but the pizza wasn't mind blowing, just very good.  I would have settled for a decent pizza and a shorter wait time.
I was expecting a lot more based on all the hype this place gets. We got the Margarita and the Wise Guy, the latter was very bland, I think it could have been better with red sauce. The food was fresh tasting and the salads were tasty. The building is very cool and rustic, we were expecting a long wait but got in within 5 minutes. In short, the pizza was ok but I wouldnt drive out of my way to eat here again.
Very cool location.  Pizza was good, but not as great as I was expecting.
The quality of the pizza was not worth the long...almost 2 hour wait. Over rated in my book.  There are many other good pizza places around.
On a vacation to Phoenix to visit my girlfriend's family, a friend said I had to check this place out, likely after he saw it on some Best Pizza list. . . First off, it's in a rather difficult to get to spot.  It's on a pedestrian walkway near the Arizona Science Center... I could have sworn it was on some sort of campus, but whatever it is, it's blocked off from street traffic.  My girlfriend and I had to look for parking for about 20 minutes, and walked 4 blocks at 1pm on a Tuesday, which I thought was kind of absurd.  Not necessarily the restaurant's fault, just saying. . . So... yes, this is a traditional wood-fired pizza place, close to actual Italian pizza, and not the thick chewy Americanized dough many of us are used to.  What that will mean is, thin pizza, possibly burned in patches on the bottom, little cheese, little toppings, and small selection of ingredients.  From what I can remember, the menu is almost entirely their 5 different styles of pizza, and 3 or 4 salads and a few other appetizers.   There was complimentary bread and olive oil, which was crusty and tasty. My date and I ordered a caprese salad and the margherita pizza, which was a mistake on our part because the margherita is basically just the same ingredients as the caprese salad on top of bread, and cooked, so our meal was a little redundant. It wasn't bad, but nothing I would write home about. . . Depending on your personal taste, this could be a plus or minus.  It's a small room, with what little seating there is set very closed together.  We could hear the entire conversation of the couples on either side of us.  Service dragged a little, and our waters were only filled once our pizza came out.  We were in a hurry to catch a flight, and they obliged us by bringing our check and a to-go box out in a timely fashion, so I suppose I'll give them points for that. . . All in all, very "meh" and comparable to any other brick oven type pizza place.
This place is OK. It certainly isn't all it's hyped up to be. Best pie I ever ate? Not even close. However, take this review with a grain of salt, because pizza is not my thing. I picked this place for my husband, who is a pizza fanatic. Even he wasn't impressed. It was good, but unimpressive. We ordered the house special salad, which was tangerines and citrus dressing, and the caprese salad. Hubby wrinkled his nose up at the tangerine salad, so I took it and gave him the caprese, which I wasn't enjoying because the tomatoes were not ripe at all, they were hard and flavorless. We got one pizza to share, half Sonny Boy and half Wise Guy. It was okay, but nothing special. On a positive note, the olive oil served with the bread is awesome, and the guy behind the bar, David, couldn't have been nicer or given better service. We enjoyed our meal because the place is cool and hip and service was great, but not sure why all the hype about the pizza.
Pizzeria Bianco was good. The atmosphere is fun and the food is decent!.....However, it is certainly NOT the "best in the country". The menu is HIGHLY limited and the service is average. ( they were bussing our table before we were finished and took my plate WHILE I was eating). We live in Chicago and have been in the pizza business for over 20 years, so I suppose we were expecting more. The crust was soggy but the ingredients were fresh, which was good. My 9 dollar glass of wine was okay, but not worth the money. Also, if your child likes juice or chocolate milk, they have none. Just coke, coke light (not diet), iced tea and sprite. I would never go there and wait 1 or 2 hours. . In an area that is in desperate need for good pizza, I guess this is a winner. However, we will not return. It is also VERY pricy for what they have to offer.
Well, we were downtown last weekend and happened to be hungry at an odd hour due to a very late breakfast that morning and so immediately I thought "Hey, lets go to Pizzeria Bianco. They can't possibly have a wait for a table at 2:30 pm on a Friday." Well, turns out they did but fortunately we only had to stand out in the 100 degree sunshine for 15 minutes or so. We've actually attempted to eat here a few other times over the years but when the wait time was quoted as 2 - 3 hours we moved on to dine somewhere else. So, was this pizza worth the wait you ask? Yes, it was absolutely worth a 15 minute wait. But no meal is worth a 3 hour wait. I think it's really silly that they don't serve pizza out on the patio or next door in the wine bar or just take reservations... its sort of a power play that they make people wait around for so long like that. I just don't get it.. . Anyway, I was surprised that the menu didn't have a whole lot of options. I really felt like a red sauce so that cut our choices down to three pizzas. I opted for the Margherita since that is a nice classic but of course hubby wanted some kind of meat so we added sausage. That was a very good decision since the sausage was absolutely delicious. We both loved the pizza and it was just the right amount of food for the two of us. Hubby didn't feel like it was worth the $18 but that is about what you would pay at other non-chain artisan pizza places that offer that neapolitan style pizza so I was fine with it. Our service was ok though a bit rushed. By the time we were done eating there were a few empty tables so I didn't really see why it was necessary to take our plates away immediately after my last bite (seriously, I was still chewing) and then bring the check immediately afterwards without asking if we wanted anything else. I guess that is just how they do things there.. . I'm glad I went since it is such a Phoenix landmark but I don't really see any reason to return.
Hey, this was a very good pizza but Best in the West, ... not really. I do recommend it and I will go back but there is a lot of competition in the Phx. area for really good pizza. Humble Pie on 7th is excellent and right in the same conversation.
This place was good, but didn't quite live up to the hype for me.  . . I went at about 5 on a Wednesday evening and it was not busy when I went.  I had to get the valet parking for $3.  It is a very small restaurant but it's nice inside.  The wood- fired oven is the main focal point.. . My friend and I got a bottle of beer from a local brewery in Sedona for $5.  I ordered the Margharita pizza (cost $15) and it came out quick.  All the pizzas here only come in one size.   I ate the whole pizza and it tasted fresh.  You can taste the wood grill flavor in the crust.  The pizza is light and you won't feel disgusting after you eat it...which is refreshing compared to other pizza places.  I would eat here again, but wouldn't wait more than an hour to do so.. . The customer service was great and they were very friendly.
It was okay. Definitely overrated. However, I think half of the magic is the wait time. If you wait for anything for over 2hrs, you are starving by then, and it tastes incredible no matter what it is! Honestly though, the pistachio pizza is so unique, and equally delicious. And once inside, the chef/owner (?) made a stop over, was very professional and appreciative of our business, and it shows in the rest of the staff. It's not quite Italy, but then again, what is? Given the choice though, I would go to Federal Pizza over this one. More selections, better crust.
I think that when you wait so long to eat the food, the anticipation itself and your increased hunger leads you to believe that this is the greatest pizza on earth. The pizza maker was a bit irritated that I asked him not to burn the crust. If I can't request something as simple as that for my dinner without the chef getting annoyed then I'll go somewhere that my business is desired.
Had heard loads about the best Pizza place, and as as we live in the Valley, wanted to try it out and find out for ourselves.. We happened to be in the vicinity one weekend evening and walked up to get a table -  the hostess informed us the wait was over 4 hours long! And lady was not so friendly either!! We walked right out.. Then maybe a year later we managed to get takeout from Pizzeria Bianco on another trip to the area and finally tried the pizza. It was good I have to say, but not worth 4 hours wait good. But then I do wonder....what pizza will be worth wasting 4 hours for?. . I guess I need to try it on a weekday for lunch to really get the full taste of this pizza. One day....
Best pizza in the Nation...Really?? I think not! Don't get me wrong it's good pizza but don't understand what all the hype is about. As far as wood fired pizza goes it tastes the same as Cibo's to me. Went with a group of 10 people and although we had a reservation we still had to wait about half an hour which isn't too bad. I do like that they let you do half and half pizza's so you can try different kinds and they have some good combinations. I also love the location and the staff but probably would have gave it a better rating if it wasn't so hyped up.
I have always heard that this is the best pizza place ever! Although i thought the pizza was very good I would never rank it as the best pizza i have ever had. I am very glad i went though to experience Pizza Bianco. When you go be ready to wait;  the restaurant is small and fills up very quickly. Just eat a little bit before you come and know you are going to wait, then you will be fine.
lonnng wait!
Had the foodies favorite pizza...the Rosa. delicious!  Small venue with literally no parking. Wait, take that back...no free parking. The restaurant lot is paid valet only and all street parking within a mile is metered.  Alternatively, now that it,s open for lunch there isn't a four hour wait for your dinner.
So after years of procrastinating due to the infamous wait times I finally ate at Pizzeria Bianco. With the opening of their new location wait times are short or non-existent during the week. Although, this convenience comes with a caveat... increased prices. It is now $15 for a Margherita. Really? Maybe if this was truly one of the finest pies in the US you could get away with that. Alas, it is not. . . The pizza was just okay. It was a cracker-thin, crunchy crust with no chewiness whatsoever. If I wanted crackers I would have picked up a box a saltines. The Wiseguy was just decent as well. The onions could have been sliced thinner. The sauce was on point. The pizza was not bad by any means I just had very high expectations going in. . . Our service was attentive and efficient. Our drinks were filled even after the bill was paid. Needless to say, it is unlikely that I will return. I'd rather go down the street to Cibo and get a delicious $10 Margherita.
A Wiseguy was ordered. Good stuff. The server could tell it was my first visit and verified I knew the pizza did not have traditional, red tomato sauce. This is good customer service!
yummy!!!!  Love the pizza, hate the wait.  It is a great place to go in the fall/spring when sitting outside is enjoyable.
good pizza  but not worth the wait.   Go there for the experience - expecting a long wait and plan on having a bottle of wine and relaxing with friends.   If all you want is pizza, there are plenty of other options
Pretty solid pizza, not spectacular. The crispy crust paired with a sauce that contains a good garlic taste is the highlight of the pizza. Very expensive, and not worth the wait.  Definitely a 3 star in my rating book. . . I certainly suggest the Margherita, as the basil plus mozzarella creates a good combination.
I know I will be chastized for this but I dont get what the big deal is. It is very cute and quaint and if you want to impress your date it would probably work. I love the little table outside between the restaurant and bar, thats adorable.
Its decent pizza, but I feel its over-hyped and over priced.  Any of the other local pizzerias that serve Napolitano certified pizza's are just as good if not better, for much less money.  Having been to Italy often, pizza is not super expensive splurge item like Bianco would like you to believe.
Overrated.  While the food here is good; it's not worth the long wait.
I'm giving this experience only 3 stars simply because the weight of my expectation about the quality of food was very high but was not met. . . We were seated 20 minutes after we checked in, but had wait a further 10-15 minutes to place our order. We ordered a pizza bianco and a pizza "sonny" which had prosciutto topping. We also ordered a green side salad and had bread as a side.The pizza base and the bread that was served as a side, was outstanding. But that was where the accolade stops. The salad was so tart and bitter we couldn't enjoy it; the pizza "sonny"'s prosciutto topping had a ripe, almost fetid smell and we had to leave the meat. the pizza bianco was ok. . . After the tremendous publicity and fan fare surrounding Pizza Bianco, we were definitely underwhelmed, and if we do go back, will be looking for a better standard from the kitchen.
I can't believe I'm giving Pizzeria Bianco 3 stars... . . Warning - Long Phoenix foodie history lesson starting.... NOW!. . Here's the deal. Picture this: 2008, the Bush era was almost over, music got ridiculously good, fashion dictated perfection not seen since the 1950's, I had a beautiful boyfriend (crazy, and alcoholic as f***, but beautiful nonetheless), and the Foodie revolution in Phoenix was just about to take off. . . Pizzeria Bianco had already been there serving the best food made by human hands. This wasn't a result of a competitive restaurant environment, it was a creation resulting from the passion inside Chris Bianco. . . I would bring my beau to heritage square and put our names on the waiting list at 5 pm. .  . We would wait in the blistering heat. We'd go to a movie, then we'd sneak into the trees to make out a bit. We'd play scrabble outside and meet other people waiting. . . At 8:45, if we were lucky, we got a table for two. Sometimes we waited until 10. . . The food.. (queue Italian reminiscent theme music).... . The memory of the soppressata appetizer is my fondest pre-vegan food memory. Meat is a disgrace, but if I was an animal I'd way rather end up as that soppressata than a McDonalds burger. . . The pizza.. I would always order two at the restaurant, then two to take home. I tried all six over several visits, but the Pizza Margherita was always the best. It had a perfection matched by no other pizza I had ever tasted - not from Rome, not from Sicily, not from New York, or Boston, or Chicago.. . A perfectly soft yet crisp flat dough, slightly charred by the charcoal in the (coal?) oven, covered by tomato sauce that was at once fresh, yet matured with basil and salt.  house made mozzerella topped it, and it was perfection. Each Pizza was crafted by Chris Bianco himself. He would take a second to smile and nod at you between each Pizza. Every pizza was made by his hand. That was the magic.. . Once, I caught Chris Bianco's eye from across the restaurant as I was leaving. I spoke to him in non verbal Italian, simply with my hands and my expression. "Thank you deeply for the miracle you have created here. I am well nourished by it, what magnificent food!" . . He responded back with a clasp of his chest, as if saying "I am so grateful you can appreciate and share this!" Then blew me a kiss. It was a masculine non-gay loving Italian heartfelt goodbye. . . So why 3 stars? That was 2008.. . . In 2010, Chris Bianco had to stop making the pizzas for his health:. . http://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/dining/articles/20100127chris-bianco-no-more-pizzas.html. . He turned the cooking duties over to his assistant, but now, 3 years later, the magic has been lost. There was very little special about the Margherita Pizza I had in January when I went. It was a ghost of what it used to be. Almost unrecognizable. . . It's still good pizza, but dear readers, I am so sorry to say, it is not worth more than a 15 minute wait. . . Chris Bianco earned every accolade he got. I do not fault him. I know he would still be making every pie if he could. The tragedy is there is only 1 Chris Bianco.
This is a good pizza place, but not up to all the hype. If you want a great pie, then take a trip to LA and visit Monzza.  Monzza makes the best pizza in all the land.
A very good place to eat delicious pizza, and that sonny boy pizza was the most delicious. Didnt expect to eat something that good in that place. . . Honestly, i said that the foods there was disgusting because of the place. The place was not attracting, the ambiance was no good. I would actually give you a 5 for food but your place was 2 stars. So it would be fail if I give you 3 stars.
It was good.  but.  was it the best pizza ever?  no.  Do I have anything bad to say?  Nope.  I probably would if I had had to wait for a table.  Luckily, three seats opened up at the bar right when we got there.  Honestly - I have no complaints.  It was truly A-OK.
After years living in Phoenix I finally made it to Pizzeria Bianco. Always wanted to know what the hype was all about... Well, had lunch there a couple of weeks ago (thankfully no lines...) and it was nice but really not sure why everybody is raving so much about it. The pizza was good but nothing out of the ordinary. Rather go to Parlor or Humble Pie for a less expensive pizza and less attitude around it all.
Ok, I have to admit, my 3 stars might be more of a reflection of being over sold on how great this place was going to be and not reality.  Maybe on a second visit I will bump it up one.. . Pizza is that newer qourmet style. Thin with unique ingredients.  It was ok, similar to Feneral Pizza on Central and Pomo Roma on 1st st.  . . Atmosphere is nice, quiet side area, but very small dinning area.. . They are definately charging for the fame they have.  . . Would I go again?  Sure, just to see if I was mistaken on my first visit.
It was good, but not worth wait
Not as romantic as I was hoping. It was a little loud and a little cramped in the back. I tried this pizza with walnuts on it. I forget the name as this was in July. It was great and I would likely get it again. So I guess that makes up for everything.
I don't know how anyone who likes pizza can say that they hate the pizza here. It truly is made with some of the freshest and finest ingredients that can be used. My only issue is that it is great for it's style of pizza. I just prefer NY or Chicago style.
Good pizza, but not worth the wait.
Pizza was good, wait was A-W-F-U-L!
Good, not great pizza. I liked the crust, but in general, it reminded me of a Wolfgang Puck pizza, skimpy and a little bland. Added sausage with high expectations, but couldn't have been more underwhelmed, not much flavor.. Will give it another chance, though. the pizza was good, just not great.
They were a bit slow with the service, but the food was delicious!
If you come at lunch it is worth it however a 3 hour wait at dinner it is not worth it.
We heard the hype.  We have been to Sally's and Pepe's in New Haven, CT and consider ourselves to be connoisseurs of great pizza, having grown up on the East coast. .  . It was 2:00PM, we were hungry and figured a great late lunch after arriving home at Sky Harbor would be a great way to try this place.  We have lived in AZ for over 20 years and never been.  . . It's not bad pizza, but it's not worth the hype or the price.  You have to go once just to say you went to eat at Heritage Square.    First thing is the place is tiny.  If you have more than 2 people, you're basically phucked.   There's no table room for large parties.   The pizza isn't bad, but its wood fired pizza.  There's a place like this on almost every corner in the North East.  It would be like opening up Los Dos Molinos in Maine - of course they would love it.  What would they have to compare it to?. . We had a pizza each (order them with sauce andcheese otherwise it's just olive oil on bread.)  We added sausage (local Schnieder sausage - YUM!) and mushroom to each pizza.  The salads were weak - she had the regular salad, I opted for the farm salad.  Regular was just leaves with some super light dressing.  Farm added goat cheese and pecans to it.   We would not order these again.. . Two pizzas, two unremarkable salads, an ice tea and a diet coke.  With a tax and tip came to $92. Oh and they charged $3.00 to park your car.   Did we enjoy it?  Sure.  The brick building, the quaint setting and the being able to say, "We've been there" was great. . . Would we do it again?  HELL NO!!!
On rare cold day in Phoenix it actually was almost empty , but quality was great as usual very thin crust pizza with fresh ingredients, but after last pizza with olive oil that i actually has to remove with napkins it destroyed all experience and drop rate to 3 stars at best
Visiting sister in Scottsdale for the holidays.... I wanted to like this place, but it wasn't anything special.  It was good, not great.  That said, it's probably the best pizza I've had in PHX. Cute little place, decent wine list, friendly staff.
