It is A-ok. . The line we stood in was over an hour for lunch but the price of $14.99 per adult was a good deal.. . However, we didn't see crab legs or prime rib for lunch. Maybe that's only a dinner item?. . I did like the skirt steak and the steamed clams and mussels. The dessert area was completely filled with deluctable desserts to try. Bad idea having the espresso machine and ice cream scooping station all where the desserts are because that caused a HUGE traffic jam.. . But, for those who like to drink...there is unlimited beer and wine that you can get from the bar. . . I really liked it, but was really hoping for even more...I know, I am pretty greedy. I'll have to find out if crab legs are only available at dinner and find time to come back to try that.
In comparison to other nice vegas buffets, 3 stars. Going off the strip I expected either 1) Different buffet food 2) Good buffet food for less expensive or 3) Good buffet food with no line. And I got none of those things.  . . It was good food, don't get me wrong - good quality, delicious buffet. However, it was nothing different about M buffet than Bellagio or Venetian. Waited in line for about an hour or so only to realize that Sunday was also counted as the weekend (I know, duh) and therefore, had to pay the full 30 dollars for the seafood buffet brunch. I was REALLY expecting M to be amazing with all the raves from my friends but it was just...normal vegas buffet. . . I did, however, like the extent of their asian section! Overall, if I were driving to or from Vegas and wanted a nice, good buffet - I would go to M buffet but ONLY if it were on the way to something. I would not deliberately go out of my way to drive off the strip to eat here since I could get the same thing across the street or at the hotel I'm staying at on the strip.
This place has been so highly reviewed in the past that I felt the need to round down, rather than up, in order to counter-balance the overtly high praise. Indeed; Unlimited beer, wine, espresso and dessert are all pretty awesome!. . However, the food itself was mainly just mediocre after our wait. The line moved at a decent clip for having only two cashiers available and once we were inside we were quickly seated. The first round proved to me two things;. . 1) Lots of salads were available, which was kind of nice as it showed an appreciation of fresh vegetables and salads that is often skipped at buffets. 2) Lots of carby, simply options as de rigeur at most buffets (mashed potatoes, breads, rice, pastas, etc). . I loaded up with a slice of galbi (overly sweet and tasted of sugar, though it had a pleasant charcoal-like flavor), several cold shrimp, a slice of salmon nigiri (shrivelled and dry salmon, skipped the rice), several oyster (mostly mushy and full of ice chunks) and a spring roll (crisp but pretty average)  and a bowl of clam chowder (good, with lots of chunks of seafood but not comparable to the clam chowder at an oyster bar in florida...).  My boyfriend and our friend grabbed a piece of rib eye, then saw that there were much better rare slices out and went for those instead. The first slices they grabbed were over cooked and dry, probably having sat under the heat lamp for too long. The fresher slices had more flavor and were finished quickly. We also tried some of their crab legs, which were tasty but were skinny with little meat.. . They added fresh oysters to the buffet and those were a bit better, though I had to wait for them to thaw out before I could eat them.. . The dessert area was pretty nice; they have a wide selection of gelato flavors available as well as many mini desserts, cannolis (tasty) ,  creme brulees (delicious!), fruit tarts (good), cappuccinos (nice, and they come with a free shot of flavoring) and many other goodies. Definitely one of the highlights of the buffet!. . The selection changes each night and the customer service is decent given how busy they are. We accidentally spilled a water and it was never replaced, nor did we ever receive additional napkins. Just minor things, but when you're sampling several different types of dishes it's nice to be able to clean your hands or palate.. . . I'd be willing to go back and see if it's worth a higher rating eventually, but it's a bit expensive for a buffet. If I'm going to go out for a seafood buffet I'll probably go to an AYCE sushi place first.. . It's a pretty good selection and it's another option for a seafood buffet
Today was a $30 seafood lunch buffet that wasn't worth the doubled price of a normal lunch buffet $14.  There are so many good regular items in the buffet, the seafood they did put into the buffet didn't seem worth the extra $16 over the normal $14 Lunch.  The crab legs were sweet and flavorful, but if you don't eat a ton of them, you're not going to get your $16 worth.  The carving stations and desserts are very good.  So, 3 stars for the seafood buffet.
meh, should've saved myself for the dessert. everything else was lackluster in comparison.
We arrived around 12:30PM and it took me just over an hour in line before I reached the cashier.  After being shown to a table, I headed for the free wine and just as I was returning to the table I bumped into former heavyweight champion Mike Tyson.  Fortunately for him, I had drinks in both hand or else I would have given him a good trouncing.  This buffet remains one of the better ones, but IMHO it has slipped in quality since our last visit.  I managed to fill up a wide variety of salads, side dishes, a pair of fried shrimp, cioppino, cappuccino and a dozen (a slight exaggeration) desserts.
Visited the M Resort Studio B Buffet twice now for the weekend seafood night.  They layout is pretty nice but on the large side.  Lots of tables = a lot of people for dinner service, easily 300 in a seating.. . Selections for the Seafood night are very diverse and I wouldn't necessarily say they offered a lot of seafood, but they did have good quality choices in hot and cold snow crablegs, oysers, shrimp every which way, and a pretty good Salmon roasted on a bamboo plank.  The crablegs were meaty and firm, pretty good quality if you think about the volume they must go through for the night.. . The selection is rounded out by your usually salads and veggies, bbq, asian, and Italian fare.  Overall the quality of selections were very good but in any buffet it is difficult to maintain quality on every dish, especially if your items hover around 50+.. . As a bonus they do serve wine by the glass (think 2 buck chuck brand) and draft beer (Coors Light, Pabst, Primo, and Cider).. . Service is good, our table of 14 never felt like we had to search for our attendant.. . Line gets long so I would try to show up early or bring a book.  A little pricey at $29.99 for dinner but add the free alcohol and I think it is worth it.
If you're into oysters, crab legs, shrimp & prime rib, you will definitely get your money's worth here! The dessert also has a wide selection and are pretty yummy. They also have gelato.  They have the usual: soup, bread, salad, asian cuisine, seafood, pasta, etc. I was only impressed with the prime rib and crab legs. Everything else was just ok.  The crab legs are cut for you so you just have to snap them in half and have fun with the meat!. . Waitress was nice and accommodating. Cashiers were just okay. Not very friendly as a first impression.. . For $29.99 on the weekends for dinner, I wouldn't come back.  I'd rather pay $10 more dollars for the buffet at Bellagio. =)
Our first attempt to eat at Studio B in December failed as we didn't have the time to endure the 2.5 hour wait.  Fast forward to this past weekend, it was our mission to eat here so we arrived at 4:40pm and the line was at full capacity, gee whiz!  Overall, our wait time from getting in line to getting seated  was a good 1.5 hours.. . First off, the setup of the buffet is odd.  Yes, it's literally the shape of a "B" without the vertical line so, it was quite curvaceous.  Also, the main thoroughfare into the resto merged with the buffet line so there were a lot of people bumping into each other.  I will say however I was impressed.  With as long as the buffet was, there were not any duplicated offerings!. . As far as food quality and selections, for a Vegas casino (Yes, I know it's technically in Henderson) it was decent.  They featured your standard buffet offerings such as Asian, Seafood, American, Italian, etc.  However, they had a few items that were unique, such as the Thai Beef Salad, Panang Beef which was spicy but delicious, Kalbi Short Ribs and Seafood Salad among a few other things.  I like how they also offered cold Crab and steamed Crab.  I didn't try the steamed Crab because the cold Crab I had was just too salty and wasn't craving anymore.  Also, I'm always hesitant about buffet Prime Rib but their Prime Rib was actually really good, just a few steps shy of steakhouse quality, in my opinion.. . My favorite station overall was the Dessert station.  Granted the line for dessert was redonkulous, it was cool because it insured no one would just cut in and out.  They had your standard fare of desserts along with crepes and gelato.  I loved that they had a made to order Espresso station at the end.. . Our server however was less than satisfactory.  I couldn't figure it out.  I observed the other servers in our area and they were stellar, bussing plates that were a foot high on a tray they'd carry above their shoulders, keep beves full and we get stuck with the ho hum server that would barely take our few dirty plates, much less, give us refills.  I wanted to leave him a dollar but the s/o felt bad.  Really?  The server was bad is more like it.. . Overall, would I come here again?  The food was okay but it wasn't worth that horrendous wait.  As for the 5-star reviews well keep in mind, beer and wine are included in the buffet so, 'nuff said.  "Best buffet in Vegas..." y'all are trippin!!!  : /
My favorite thing about this hot spot? The gelato bar! What buffet do you know that has all you can eat gelato with a good variety of flavors? This alone made my trip worth it! Not to mention the rest of the delish assortment of desserts! . . One thing that you should be aware of is that the seafood buffet is only available on Fridays-Sundays for only 29.99. I unfortunately was not because I was ready to get my seafood fix during lunch on a Monday until they told us the reason why the lunch buffet was only $15 was because it's only on the weekends... Boohoo! Exactly why I took  a star off along with the next star because of their limited sushi bar that was not so great, which I wouldn't expect greatness at a buffet anyway, but they should have at least given more of a selection. The lamb shoulder however, was yum! . . $15 on weekdays for lunch, $22 for dinner... Same price for the weekends without seafood but with it's 29.99, which I think is a great price compared with the prices on the strip that's not as great... Belagio is still one of my faves!
Came on mother's day Sunday and wow.. the wait was loooooooooooong...... I think we ended up waiting for more than 2 hrs?  But of course, that was our choice to wait.... . Anyway... this place was pretty large and was designed in an open format.  We could actually see the strip from where we were seated... but the buildings were smaller than the salt shaker on the table. . . The food.... not bad... they actually served raw oyster (really fresh and no sand) which I wouldn't see a lot in a buffet.  that was pretty good.  I remember having a lot of options on a lot of different types of food... but I don't really remember anything in particular that strikes me.... . But I do remember having fresh made cappuccino/latte by the dessert area which I thought was a nice bonus to this place.. . Oh... did I mention unlimited beer and house wine.
This use to be one of my favorite buffet until the last few times.  The mahi mahi is extremely dry and overcooked and the sushi is full of rice with shriveled up fish.  I use to love the oysters here; that was the main reason I came but now it's frozen and tasteless.  I walked around the whole buffet three times and it was dufficult to find anything that was above standard.  The only thing that was good anymore is the seafood salad in the Asian food section.  I am not quite sure what happened but I will definitely not come back for a very long time.  Eventhough the food did not bring a smile to my face, the service was wonderful; out waitress was attentive and extremely nice
This is a good buffet. The decor is bright yet welcoming, the food selection is great, and the food is good. Yet...it's just a buffet. I can't say it was worth the drive from the strip.
Pros. -Not too expensive. . Cons. - Snow crab legs are not sliced so you find yourself taking a long time to eat. - Food was not near as good as I was expecting for 4.5 stars from Yelp. - It does have beer & wine, but it is pretty cheap stuff. - Looks like a cafeteria
Food was ok, price was right, but please don't compare to Bellagio (someone did).  This felt like being in a cafeteria.  We had high expectations from reading yelp.  Now I wonder if I should believe this site.
Hey...let's take a 25 minute drive from the strip to go to a buffet. That was my pick-up line to take a woman to dinner, actually my fiance, but no matter we had nothing else to do for dinner. . . When this hotel first opened back in '08, studio b was a hit, the line going beyond the provided stanchions I would have put "five on it" if I was a yelper back then, but  since my recent visit last month, I was somewhat disappointed.  They didn't switchout or refill the choices as you would expect.. . The best parts of the buffet are that all you can drink wine and beer are included with your meal, yes i repeat wine and beer are included with your meal (but I think it is a ploy to load up on beer so you don't waste food) the prime rib and yes of course the desserts! Ice cream galore waiting for you, well not your 31 flavors but it will do!
I came here for lunch on the 10th of July, 2011 and I have to say that the quality of the food has dramatically gone down from when I came here last year. The crabs used to be meaty and delicious but this time it was small, almost meatless, and not even worth the effort in eating it (it could be that it wasn't the season for crabs). In addition, they removed the two dollars off deal for player's card.. . The only perk that makes this place outshine the other buffets are that they have free alcohol.. . In my opinion, this used to be the best buffet in all of Las Vegas, but after this visit, I feel like this place is just a little better than the rest. I'm hoping that it was just a fluke, so I would come back and give it a try again the next time I'm in town.
When I told people (friends, coworkers, random nurses at work) I was going to Vegas, literally everyone recommended this buffet.  Everyone.  It's cheap, they explained, and the food is just as good as the Wynn.  I mean, you can't get a more solid recommendation than that.. . So why is it that after waiting 2 hours in line and shelling out $31.99, I felt so cheated?. . Okay, my family doesn't drink much, so the endless beer and wine deal was lost on us.  And I don't eat much shellfish, so the extra I had to pay for "Seafood Dinner" that weekend was also wasted.  But does that mean that on weekdays the buffet doesn't include seafood?  That's silly.. . Honestly everything I ate was just okay and not even cooked very well.  Prime rib, korean short ribs, lamb, pork ribs...all of the meat was tough and chewy.  And where was the meat selection?  I had to satisfy my lamb craving with tough, overly-sweetened barbecued pieces.  And the desserts...uninteresting and not as extensive a selection as the Wynn's.  My whole family agreed that we were disappointed overall with the meal and wouldn't be coming back.. . Without all the hype, I probably would have enjoyed Studio B a little more.  But for a buffet that calls itself "The Best Buffet in Las Vegas," it just doesn't deliver the goods.
With all the hypes, we had high expectation going in... but big disappointment !  Our group of 11 people, none of us was impressed.. . We waited in line for 1.5 hours on a Sunday evening at around 7pm.  We were finally seated at about 8:30pm.  The selection and variety of food was admirable, but the quality of the food was lacking to say the least.  No Lobster !!!  Only crab legs, but they don't look that appealing either.  Sushi rolls selection was the most limited I've ever seen at any buffet of this caliber.. . Deserving high points is the dessert isle.  This buffet offers something that few places do is free, unlimited beer and wine.  The wine selection is quite good.
I remember going to the M Buffet the first time they opened.  They were arguably the best buffet in town, beating the Wynn Buffet (at the time Wicked Spoon was nonexistent). However, over the years I've revisited the M Buffet, I've been slightly disappointed each time.. . The lines seem to get longer and longer everytime I go back.  It doesn't matter how early my party and I plan to get there, we always end up waiting 45 minutes to an hour.  One time, the line was so long we just decided to eat at Hash House a Go Go right next door.. . I'm a fan of meats (like all buffet lovers should be) but for some reason the quality seems to fall short compared to the first time I ate there.  I can't exactly pinpoint it.  Something just seems off.. . I've also noticed the selection is not as big as Wynn or Wicked Spoon.  Of course Buffets should be equally great in quality and quantity, so I can't complain.. . It's still a great buffet but I just can't see myself going there anymore, because they can't get their line problem figured out.  The hardest thing for a hungry man to endure is waiting in an endless line, knowing that a few feet away lies a buffet.  I went during peak times to Wicked Spoon and my party of four still managed to get in within 25 minutes.  Wicked Spoon and Wynn has shorter lines and the same tasting, if not, better dishes available.  Personally, there's just no winning point for Studio B anymore.
Good and a large selection to choose from. . Best Buffet in Vegas? Ehhh, no.. . Love the oxtail soup, minus the peanuts.. . Great desserts, favs are flan and creme brule.
it was okay free beer 15.99 for lunch i prefer a different buffer
So I read all the reviews on this place and thought it's be fabulous. My husband and I got there at a little before four on a Tuesday evening. We didn't have a long wait at all and only got charged the lunch price even though dinner was just five minutes away. Between the two of us we tried a little bit of everything they had to offer. The beef dishes we had I loved (prime rib, tri tip, steaks and a beef stew} the fish dishes were so so the Hawaiian poke and lomi lomi inedible the shell fish was just ok. They did have a nice selection of different foods and three different carving station as well as Italian and Chinese. The food was good but I truly believe the people giving it 4 or 5 stars are giving it that for the all you can drink beer and wine I had a couple glasses of the wine both were cheap and not worth drinking loved the on tap root beer. The dessert were 4 star worthy most buffets I've been to lack in that department but the passion fruit and wild berry panna cotta and mini brulees were amazing great cream puffs better then any I've ever had. A great variety of gelatos and an espresso bar. All in all yes I would come again most likely for lunch because I don't think it's worth 25 dollars but is well worth 16 and the casino is very beautiful definitely  worth a look. But is it the best buffet I've ever had no it isn't and the alcohol isn't good enough to get drunk enough to think so
So I finally got to try this place after reading all the reviews and check-ins that my fellow yelpers had.. . Unfortunately, it really isn't the best buffet I have had. Nothing was horrible nor was anything super delicious. I just found that the cheapest and nothing ordinary type dishes are simply the best they had here. I suppose the drinks are pretty cool as drinks, beer, and wine are all included. They had ROOT BEER on tap! As a root beer lover, this also fell flat. It was just simply too sweet! You can make yourself a root beer float as the ice cream area is just right next to it.. . Other than that, I would say save your tummy and drive a little further to what we all refer to as the VEGAS STRIP. Oh, and one more thing, the line is super long. Good Luck!
1) Food was meh. There was nothing that i wanted to go get seconds for. everything was a little bit off. Nothing was perfection. Except for the bacon.. 2) Atmosphere was nice. 3) Service was really good. You go Solangel, YOU GO :). 4) Price was decent. 5) No wait. 6) I got full regardless
Pros: Lots of selections,  wine and beer are included with price, reasonable lunch price for $15.99. Cons: Food is just "meh". . I had such high hopes for this place, but once again, IMHO Studio B is just another place to add to the rest of the mediocre Las Vegas buffets.. . Don't get me wrong, I love all you can eat places.  I also realize buffets, in general, will not be as good as your run of the mill regular service restaurant.  But considering how much hype there is for this place, I just expected so much more.. . I got various dishes from the different types of cuisines (Asian, Mexican, etc) and they were good, just not great.  What was great was the fact that alcoholic beverages (beer and wine) were included in our meal price.  I didn't drink too much, but if I were in the mood, I could see how eating here could be fun.. . The price here was pretty reasonable too ($15.99 for lunch).. . Overall, I think this place is just okay, but based on other people's reviews maybe I just came on an off day.
Studio B Buffet is located inside the M Resort about 15 minutes from The Strip. Our guy friend suggested it for Friday night dinner ($34 per person) & since he was willing to drive, we were down to try it. . . The 7:30pm crowds looped around the line dividers as if they were waiting for the newest Disneyland ride. We were seated in about 50-55 minutes.. . This buffet is humongous; I think I read there are over 200 items which made me think it might be a quantity over quality type of place, but that wasn't the case. Food was actually really fresh. . . There are the different sections: asian, pastas & pizzas, sushi, Indian, the carving station, the seafood area, etc. I'm not usually a pasta fan, but the baked ziti was SO good. I kept going back for more of that tart & creamy sauce. The breading on the fried shrimp were not too crisp. I had a pork rib which had a nicely-spiced rub & was not too fatty. For dessert, I loaded up on mini red velvet cupcakes (yay for cream cheese frosting!). . Three stars because I normally wouldn't drive too far from the strip for a buffet with a longass line. I had a handful of pretty good items but everything else was not memorable. I ended my meal with an espresso shot laced with amaretto. I'm thinking a lot of high ratings are given because wine & beer are included in the price of your meal. I'm not a beer & wine kinda gal, so that perk was completely wasted on me. Now, had vodka been flowing freely, I might also be inclined to give a high rating...
Now I know there are a lot of great reviews for this place but mine is strictly for breakfast so bear in mind my experience wasn't as grand as those that got the whole effect of the buffet. For a breakfast buffet on a Friday morning this place is a great deal. I wish we stopped for lunch so I can see what this "unlimited dranks", was all about but I will be back to see what's good. This buffet is nice with all them screens on. This may have been the first time I seen the food network on tv at a buffet. I think this is genius! Usually you see that tv channel in the gym, where it shouldnt belong!  I hope to stop by here for lunch or dinner to get a better feel of what his place has to offer.
1st of all, I'm not a wine/beer drinker at all. I'll not give credit on "unlimited" wine & beer. I went on a Monday morning/brunch. Maybe it's not a "seafood" lunch, there is limited supply of seafood. There was some shrimp here and there but no cocktail shrimp at all. Yes, there was Alaska crab legs, which were cooked in Chinese style (rare!!!!), not fresh at all.. Yes, there were many varieties but quality was so so.. Beware, if you're allergic to MSG. Since my hubby & I are allergic to MSG, I felt very thirsty after eating there, while my hubby was quite sick from the food after eating there. Here may be good for people like to drink wine and beer, while not allergic to MSG.
Waited in line for 2 hours.  Food was okay but definitely not worth the price and waiting 2 hours for a table.  Free beer and wine is awesome, if you drink (I don't). The best part was the screens that showed video of things that kept my 2 year old occupied while we were eating. Overall, go there if there is no long line but don't be expected to be wowed by the food.
Eh...everyone loves this buffet but I think it's alright.. I guess it's good to go for lunch during the week when it's like $16-17. We did that once and I thought it was a good bang for your buck. We went this past Sunday for their "seafood buffet brunch" and I think bf paid $70 for the both of us and it was not worth it! They have a good variety of food but the selections isn't much and the quality was average. I'd much rather pay that $70 for The Wicked Spoon, The Buffet (Aria) or Wynn Buffet.
Thanks for many great reviews from Yelp, I chose to go to this buffet for my Vegas visit and experience it for myself.  I have high expectation from many 4-5 stars reviews I've read.  When I got there, my first impression was a good one because the line was long and the wait was  close to 1 hour and 15 minutes.  This gave me an impression that people really like this buffet.  . . When I walked in, the first thing on the left is the alcohol.  Coors light, cider, root beer, chardonnay, and cabernet are some alcoholic samples.  The right side is the desert station.  Most deserts were very appealing and tasty.  Of course, there was 8 or 10 different kind of ice creams.  Some of my favorites are creme brulee, flan, pistachio ice cream, and chocolate cheese cake.. . Once passed the entrance is the main food station.  It was laid out as one continuous curve.  Some main dishes were a little salty and others tasted  just a little light. There were American, Chinese, Mexican, Thai, and Japanese food.  There wasn't much selection with Japanese food, only two kinds of sushi. I had tri-tip steak, and it tasted just as good as the $30 steak from the Rio Bar and Grill.  There was some sea food but no crab legs: mostly shrimps, tuna balls, clams and mussels.  Other than the carve station, other food did not taste that great.  . . I had gone to several buffets and each buffet has its pluses.  However, Studio B is not as good as people reviewed it.  I would not give it any more than a 3.5 stars.. . I hope people write their review as a true review.
Either I came on an off day or my expectations were just too high for this place. Ate here on a Friday night and the line wasn't bad, but it did take almost 20 minutes to get through the 10-15 people ahead of us. Some people say they liked the layout of this place, I didn't. All the people lining up for the crab legs block all the food right ahead of it, so you don't know whether to cut in front of them if you just want to grab something, or wait with everyone else even if you're not going for the crab legs. . . The crab legs were pretty good. The oysters were not. The prime rib was good. The sushi not so much. The gelato was good. The other desserts not so much. Beware they have macaroons, not macarons. The veggie dishes were fresh. The shrimp cocktails were small and limpy. The unlimited beer and wine is a nice addition, but really are you going to fill yourself up with alcohol at a buffet? . . This place is probably on par with Wynn and Bellagio, but at a lower price point, so that's a plus. I'm actually interested in trying their non-seafood buffet and seeing what kind of food you can get in that. Either way, I may need to give this place another shot as I was ever so slightly disappointed.
Came on a Friday nite at 6 and we got in at 8, the line is huge! $37 per person, all you can eat, all you can drink, although I started tipping the lady who pours drinks after my 4th glass of champagne. Booze is cheap wine and champagne and some 4  beers on tap. All kinds of food you can think of and most people indulge in tons of crab legs. You can sense the smell of buffet, but that's almost every buffet and I would say that this one is one of the cleanest in Vegas. Also I'm not a big fan of buffets, the food is cheap meat and vegetables cooked with who knows what to make them taste good, but that's just me. We had fun with friends and enjoyed the drinks and 2 of the friends won big, big bucks gambling in the M Resort that night, so I would say that it was a good night!
Came for Brunch, ended up spending close to 80.00 for two people. . . I had heard major hype about this place at work,online,etc. So I finally decided to check it out. Nothing special, typical brunch food, line was extremely long. In my opinion not worth it.
I've heard many great things about this buffet.  How can you beat unlimited wine and beer?  You can also get espresso, mochas, lattes and other coffee concoctions.   They have many great menu selections from Italian, American, Asian, Mexican, crawfish, mussels, etc. They have a good desserts, but their gelato is just okay. They seating is plenty and they have a great view.  The price is about $16 per person for lunch, which isn't bad for a buffet, however, I am only giving Studio B Buffet a 3.5 stars since the quality of food could be better.  Although it is a step up from the Rio or most of the buffets offered through the Buffet of Buffets , I don't think it is better than Aria or Paris. . . For the price, it is not bad and I would come again if I am hunkering for a decent buffet.
Although cheaper than the buffets on the strip, I have to say I wasn't as impressed with some of the options at M resort. The crab legs are a big attraction, and for me, the dessert bar was top notch. But the rest of the food? Meh.. . This is all coming from someone who wouldn't appreciate the open bar though (all you can drink wine and beer). I'm sure if you add that in - some would think this is by far the best option if you're looking for a buffet in Vegas.. . For those who are on the strip, it's not an easy place to access unless you have a car and are willing to drive out and back. I was lucky to have a local with a car there to be chauffeur.. . If I go back to Vegas and want a buffet, this probably wouldn't be my first choice. Favorite is still Wynn Buffet -- pricey, but you get what you pay for!
Don't shoot me!  I don't think this buffet is worth all they hype.  We had a group of 5 and we came here on a Sunday night.  We waited in line for more than an hour.  By the time we were seated we were tired and starving.  I didn't even want wine anymore.  I got a glass anyways and drank maybe half.. . The food was good but nothing like..."OMG this is the best Buffet food and it was totally worth waiting for more than an hour".   NO WAY.  Would I come again?  I hope not...I don't like long lines for mediocre food that you could get at any Las Vegas buffet.
After all the hype, we finally got to visit the seafood buffet (weekends only) at the M resort.  I do confess, our expectations were high, given all the press you hear about this place being possibly the best buffet in Las Vegas (no small feat).. . Well color me not all that impressed (as well the wife).  We arrived just after opening to find a short line, that hardly moved at all.  I hate lines. We had a VIP pass so we were able to use the "VIP" line, but to our dismay, it moved no faster (possibly slower) than the general admission line!  . . After a LONG wait to get in, we found another long, slow-moving line of people waiting to attack the King crab legs.  More frustration.  Did I mention I hate lines?  The crab legs were good, but grew cold quickly, probably because they weren't all that hot to begin with, no doubt to avoid lawsuits from patrons gulping down hot crab and burning themselves.. . And at a "seafood buffet,' one would expect a half-decent array of sushi.  Hardly.  Only a few choices.  And where was the lobster?  Oh, there was none. At a SEAFOOD buffet.  WTF?   The Rio seafood buffet has mini lobster tails, are you listening M?. . Some of the other food choices were quite good, the various salads were all scrumptious, only it was hard to get to them because the line for the crab legs blocked access to the salads.  No excuse for poor execution.. . One plus is the unlimited beer and wine, which I suppose would be nice if one wasn't driving home to the opposite side of the Las Vegas valley after dinner.  And perhaps if one was tipsy enough, one might overlook the issues with this buffet, perhaps that is the intent of the unlimited booze??. . Best part of the meal:  The cannoli were to die for.  But.... If someone asked me about the best buffet in town, I'd have to send them to the Hilton.
This is how we rate the place:. Food quantity-4* (lots of variety). Food quality-3* (way too too salty; the chef must have lost his taste buds as it's simply inedible! ). Ambience-3*. Dessert-4* (ice cream, gelato, etc were all good). Value-4-1/2* (includes wine, beer, etc simply very very very good value). On the whole, I like the poke poke and the Hawaiian food fare they had that I do not see at Wynn. The prime rib is more tender than Wynn's but Wynn's salad and pizza is much better. We went to 3 buffets and here are our rankings in terms of food quality:. 1st--Wynn. 2nd--Studio B at M. 3rd--Bellagio (I would not recommend this at all)
I've heard so much good stuff for here so we came for lunch on a Friday afternoon on our way to Vegas.  Luckily, there was no line to get in and we go seated near the windows with a view of he strip.  The bad thing was, it was so far away from the food!  :P  No prob though, we needed to get the cardio in.  . . We started in the salad line and made our way through the whole buffet.  I loved the way it was set up.  Lots of action stations and lots of variety.   . . However, I don't know, I wasn't impressed with the flavors of things.  The best thing I had was the beet salad.  That was really good.  Everything else was just average.  I'm not much of a drinker, but the unlimited beer and wine was cool.  The root beer on tap was really good too. . . The service we got was average, some of our dirty plates were on our tables a lil too long though.. . I'd like to try other places again before coming back here.  I guess the $16 price tag for lunch was a deal for the variety to keep everyone happy.
Heard so many people raving about this "awesome buffet" at M Casino, that I probably walked in with my expectations set a little too high.  . . Long story short:  It was ok.  Not too memorable.  Probably not coming back.. . Long story long:  It was a holiday weekend, and I knew the lines will be long at the various buffet joints on the strip.  So, I decided to leave the strip early in order to beat the traffic and the hungry mob.  . . As usual...  there's a line when I got there.  Sign by the buffet line listed Weekend buffet special $33.99 for either brunch or dinner, and 200 dishes to choose from.  Complimentary Beer and Wine too (But I decided against this because having an alcoholic beverage + driving + stuck in traffic is probably not a good combo).. . After paying at the cashier and getting a table near the station, I did my initial walk around the stations to see what they have.  After looking at the "200 dishes" they offered, I narrowed my top choices to be 1) Prime Rib, 2) Oyster, and 3) Crab Legs. . . Sadly, all three were a total FAIL.  Prime Rib was rough, Oyster was tiny (and looked disgusting after a few Asian ladies picked through all of them with their prongs), and Crab Legs were not tiny and not cut.  I literally spend over 60 minutes battling with my crab legs.. . I left Studio B more exhausted than satisfied.  Probably would not be returning.
Come here on a weekday for lunch to avoid the long crazy line this place usually attracts.. . 1 star = for their multi -cultural buffet style menu.  Food from different ethnicities at every station.  . . 2 stars = bottomless wine and beer??? Yes!  You can opt for an AYCD option too! . . 3 stars = for their dessert section.  It's the best dessert section I have ever had at a buffet.  It's unbelievable quality served in extremely yummy delicious treats.  They have a gelato bar, tarts, meringue cookies, pies, souffles, flan, creme brulee, cakes, cookies, and mini dessert shots.  Amazingly full of variety!. . Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (69/365).
It's a far drive from the strip but if you're looking for a decent buffet with good value, I suppose its worth checking out. Compared to the usual Vegas buffet, the selection is similar but with an emphasis on different cultures, plus there's unlimited beer & wine included. For dinner time, coming in a group is about $40 so its probably a better idea to come for brunch since you'll have the mimosa hookup without having to pay extra.. . While the food is fresh, some of the meats were more on the overcooked side so I'd stick with the seafood. Shrimp is real fresh while I can't say the same for their oysters. Crab legs were constantly being refilled but I thought the baked mussels stood out more than the non cooked stuff. The rest of the dishes tasted fine but were nothing memorable, and I don't recall the desserts impressing much even with the blinging presentation.. . A good deal overall, but I don't think its worth taking a taxi all the way out to Studio B just for food so only drop by if you have a car. If you're foodie oriented and lazy, make life easy and stick with Cosmo's Wicked Spoon.
Considering that this is suppose to be one of the best buffets in Vegas I was not impressed. The day before I had a buffet that was half the price with much better food.. . The Good:. Seafood - The Crab Legs, Clams, and Shrimp were all fresh.. Asian - Schezuan Eggplant, Short Ribs, and Lamb Shoulder. Great flavor. Meat tender and easy came off the bone.. American - Steak was a good medium rare. Mushroom sauce I added was delicious.. Dessert - Ice Cream, Creme Brulee. . The Bad:. Oysters were not cleaned correctly and were gritty from sand.. Prime Rib was too salty.. Mac and Cheese was bland.. Sushi tasted store bought.. Lobster Bisque had good flavor, but barely had any lobster in it.. Seafood Payaya was all dried out from the heat lamp.. . Everything else was all standard buffet eats. For the price I expected better. I pay the same price for Wicked Spoon and get much more amazing food.
Clean, spacious, copious variety and amount of food, and all you can drink beer, wine, and other beverages for ~$40 adults, ~$27 for kids under age 9.. . Offerings include the usual carvery - prime rib, turkey, and ham, meats include fried chicken, rotisserie chicken, bbq pork ribs, braised short ribs, NY strip steak, ox tail soup (has large ox tail bones with meat and soup tastes like Vietnamese Pho with hints of anise and cilantro), steamed mussels, clams, spaghetti/pasta w/ tomato sause dishes, seafood paella, cheese station, veggie station, shrimp cocktail, chilled halved snow crab, warm halved snow crab, and oyster bar.  The salad bar w/ over five custom salad creations (grilled squash and pineapple salad, strawberry salad, corn relish, caprese salad, artichoke something or other salad, etc..  The sushi bar consisted of a few types of poke andsushi.  Also, the soup bar includes clam chowder, lobster bisque, chicken noodle, chili.  There are also a bread bar and a vast dessert bar which includes tiramisu (has the rum kick!), cakes, flan, creme brulee, ice cream, etc.. . Other important info: located south of The Strip and south of South Pointe, confusing directions into resort parking lot, and all you can drink beer and wine included in dinner price.
This is more like a 3.5 star btw.   . . Maybe I came on an off day?  . . My boyfriend took me here after raving about this buffet for some time and while the selection was really impressive, I wasn't as impressed with the quality.  There were a few dishes that should receive 4+ stars, but the majority of it was...A-OK.  The eggs benedict looked like they'd been sitting out and the muffins were all soggy, the mac and cheese was bland, waffles were okay, some of the fish portions were dry...overall the only things that were memorable to me were prime rib and this salmon thing that was baked in a pastry shell.  . . I'd go again just to give it a second chance if someone wanted to go, but thus far I'm not impressed by anything other than the sheer volume of food.
What's up with the hype? I thought it was pretty good but not that good. I thought the price was too expensive for the quality of food there. I think it's because beer and wine are included in the price. But if you're not drinking alcohol, is this place worth the money and wait?
Driving through the sweltering heat I occasionally see a set of billboards for the M Resort stating "BEST---RATED---BUFFET---IN VEGAS". One could not help but contain themselves after trekking so far off the strip..  We got there around just around 1pm, just barely beating the lunch rush. Despite that. our wait in line was still 45 minutes, and a that point I didn't know if I was hungry any more (pretty sure it was the result of standing next a guy who's B.O. nearly caved me and my friends in).. We finally get our table and was waited on by one of the cheeriest fellows I've ever met, if you've met him make sure to tip well. I grab a couple plates and check out there "foods of the word" themed lay out and honestly not to much looked enticing. Non the less I grab a little of everything and come to like the "southern" portion of the buffet. I loved  there fried mushrooms, uber-sweet mashed yams and the fat hunks of ribs they had on display. I swelled in content as I able get my guilty pleasure off their fast-food style "Asian" section, chow-mein I have missed you. Their dessert section was a bit lackluster save for the Gelato portion, Pistachio is a must try. . Side note: be aware of their Rum Raisin, it literally taste like there's a shot of rum it! Not something you want to be reminded of after a night of partying, but if you want to get a cheap buzz then by all means get gelato-wasted!. Overall the buffet is so-so, the price was right (lunch $15.99) so I''m not complaining. I guess the let down came from all the hype from the banners I saw along the way to Vegas and I guess I missed their popular Seafood Section, a result of coming on a Friday.  In the end it's too much of a drive if your staying on the strip.
Oxtail soup, creme brulee, french onion soup are probably the only good selection at this buffet. Paid $50 for each person from Friday-Sunday for dinner.  Really expensive and definitely not worth it.  I had some crab legs and found out they were still frozen, I lost my appetite afterwards.   If you want to try this buffet, I suggest you go on the weekdays for lunch, it only costs $15 maximum.
I don't know why so many stars? The place is cheap and yeah beer and wine included. The quality of the spread was mediocre to me by far. The Asian selection was ok it seemed by the looks of the Asian customers eating. The selection of other items was like going to a cheap buffet like you would encounter in a small hick town!. They serve cheap quality beer ( colors light, bud, etc...) wine just the same that's why they include it in there buffet price. The so called chefs behind the counter are very nice and well mannered so thats why I gave them three stars that's about it. Been to better ones and will so not my cup of tea here. . First and last. The reviews I read here on Yelp was so cool and thought great food great price and was very disapointed.
Went here for Labor Day weekend.. And of course it's holiday price at 39.99$. I would rather go to Bellagio for this price. But got to say their free wine, beer and champagne goes well with king crab and oyster. Think mostly everyone goes there for these three items. GELATO BAR and dessert NICE TOO!
We heard this was the best so we went to eat right after outlet shopping we got here the sushi great tri tip delicious, sweet potatoes nice, meatloaf is really dry, Hawaiian pork tasteless, smoked salmon with capers and cream cheese rolls yum. The Parmesan eggplant very stiff and chewy, porkchop good, the osso bucco ox tail so tender mmmm. The desserts are all great.
I like buffets for the endless plethora of food.  Although this particular buffet is at the M, which means a long drive just to eat here, it was a nice buffet.  One perk is endless wine and beer that comes with every buffet purchased.  The setup is clean--circular, easy, and interesting.  The food here is somewhat different in terms of Asian options and American fare.  Other than that, it's good, not bad for the price, and a nice drive away from the main part of town.
The hubby and I thought this buffet was just ok. We had our kid with us, and there weren't too many options for him. It's a pretty good value for the selection of choices though. I didn't like that I had to wait in line for 45 minutes on a Tuesday for lunch. The meat and gelato selection were probably the best things, but I don't think I'd leave the strip again just to eat here.
We'd been meaning to come here for forever and finally decided to give it a go last night. . . My first thought was that the entry process is well organized. Unlike other buffets, which will keep on ringing people up despite the line to be seated being so long that there's nowhere for the newly paid customers to stand, the process was orderly and quick. . . The food is delicious. I found the quality to be on par with the Bellagio buffet. And the variety of food was excellent. There was a ton to try. Among my favorites: General Tso's chicken, spicy salmon rolls, the tiny bratwursts, shredded pork and the pesto salmon. For the first time ever, I went back to the dessert area for seconds. There were a million little cookies, meringues, tarts, slices of cake, plus crepes and gelato. The crepes aren't made to order, but they were tasty (I had two). The gelato was great. . . I do have a couple of complaints. The first regards the layout of the buffet. It takes the shape of a very bulbous bell curve, with the "top" of the curve poking out into the middle of the room. It's kind of awkward to walk around and it tends to be a long walk back to your table if you're on the opposite side of the curve. There should be a path "underneath" the curve to cut out a lot of unnecessary walking (I love exercise as much as the next person, but this is a buffet....the less time you have to spend juggling plates and trying not to run into people, the better). My second issue is that none of the "cuisine areas" are labeled. It would have been helpful to see quickly where the Asian food or the carving station or the salads were, rather than having to walk the whole buffet line to figure it out.. . All in all, it was worth the $24 per person, but due to the layout, I don't know that I'd go back anytime soon.
About $51 for 3 people, food wasn't anything special but wasn't bad. Line had about 40 people in it and we had to wait over 30 mins which was a little LONG to be seated! Seemed a little under staffed maybe. Buffet includes beer and wine which is nice for those of you that like to drink while you eat.
I'm not a huge fan of buffets. For the most part, they produce tons of food and sacrifice some quality in the process. Otherwise, they do appeal to a wide range of preferences, so everyone usually leaves satisfied.. . A month and a half ago, my L.A. friends and I came for their weekday lunch at $17 per person. Didn't take us long to pay and be seated at all. Let me just say, you can and will get your money's worth based on their expansive selection along with their service. Like a team of ninjas, their waitstaff sneakily takes your plates to make room for the next round of food. It was a bit difficult to track them down for drink refills.. . As for the food, my friends and I were impressed by the sheer variety of food, but slightly disappointed with the execution. From the entrees to the desserts, everything looked good, but the flavor was lacking. Love the prime rib, gelato, and creme brulee though!. . That said, this buffet is among the better ones you can find in Vegas, but not necessarily the best.
I brought my friend here for the first time. It was Saturday brunch and knew it would be pricy. But I didn't know it would be so.... pricey. It was $43.00 a person. That's pricey to me. All because they had crab on the buffet. The crab is just Opie crab. That's what they use at Sizzler. The buffet is very good and the prime rib was excellent. You get free beer and wine but I don't drink either. The desserts are good but not many of them. I do like this buffet but I don't like the price. I will come back but only when it's $15.99 a person. They use to have the 2 for 1 for seniors and that was really great. But that's gone like most things. I suggest you go but make sure to check the price. No weekends!
Overrated..over priced..nothing special..better buffs elsewhere in town..
Not worth the money. Four of us for $172+. . . Two of the four of us were under 21 so the unlimited beer and wine didn't apply yet the price was the same. The food was good (not spectacular) but not worth $40+pp. . . Barona Casino in San Diego blows this buffet out of the water and is less expensive.. If the price was much less, I would go back. The alcohol was not a winning point for me.. . The price is so high for the unlimited beer and wine but when you don't drink (or shouldn't because of age) it's not really worth the time, money or the trip.
Third time there, as usual the food was awesome.  The only downfall was that their sushi's where not fresh.  Seems like it was taken out of the refrigerator.  I love my sushi but was so disappointed.
This was my first meal after arriving in Vegas last week, when I drove here with my parents and boyfriend. Originally was going to take my parents to Hash House for lunch but ended up going here instead because my mom wanted to eat buffet for lunch. For lunch it was only about 16 bucks per person, given that it was a Wednesday afternoon - I am not sure how much it is for lunch on a weekend but I thought it was pretty cheap.. . However, this time it wasn't as great as the first time. Not sure if it was because it's lunch and not dinner - but the selection was lacking. We were all pretty much starving after the 4 hour drive and I expected the food to be awesome since I was so hungry but I was somewhat disappointed in their quality and selection. I think one factor was that it's a weekday and it wasn't super busy so perhaps they cut out some entrees. However, their dessert selection was awesome and good. . . I am not sure what stood out since I didn't actually eat everything but I had a good amount of the food and what I liked the most was the Lamb chops. Even though this time it wasn't as good I still wouldn't mind coming here again. It's pretty decent quality even if they don't have as many dishes as I would have liked.
Biggest draws:. . -REALLY cheap for a Vegas buffet ($15.99 lunch, compared to Rio's ~$27). -unlimited beer and wine. -huge dessert selection...cheesecake, gelato, and tiramisu, oh my!. -There is a lot of space. -Service was great! Our waitress was very nice, and came often to refill our drinks and take our plates away.  Also, oneof the guys at the carving station was funny.. -Oysters and prime rib were yummy, as was the sweet potato mash. . Not so good:. . -The sushi. -The Asian food in general did not taste very good to me, maybe it's because I'm Asian.... -Very far away from the strip. -most of the food was pretty forgettable. . Great buffet overall! I will definitely visit again the next time I'm in town :)
~$50 for saturday lunch. ouch! Honestly nothing really wowed me about this place, though I can't say I left unsatisfied. There's a large selection of all sorts of food - Asian, mexican, italian, SEAFOOD, lots of seafood.... . Oysters and crab legs are very frequently replenished since they seem to be the most popular. Not the freshest of quality but I can probably eat them all day.... . All you can drink beer and wine, but resist bloating yourself with the beer. Try pear cider instead! Yummy :-). . Desserts were decent. Panna cotta and creme brulee are my favs. But nothing beats fruits as desserts though! I grabbed a plate full of their ripe and juicy watermelon. I was happy.. . There are plenty of seats inside. My party of 10+ was seated immediately :) The waiters are good with clearing away our empty plates in a timely manner. One inconvenience is it's ~17 min away from the strip. I don't know if I'd do this again for the$$$$ they charge.
The crab legs, shrimp, and rest of the seafood were great! . Just don't go to the Asian section. It's a big disappointment. Everything was BLAND. Even the good-looking fried rice did not have any salt. The sushi was also terrible. Very disappointing.. Stick with the SEAFOOD!
I came here for lunch and wasn't very impressed. Unless you're already on your way in or out of Vegas, I don't think it's worth the drive. There was just nothing that tasted particularly special. I did hear that dinner is better because you can take advantage of the alcohol and pretty much preparty while you have dinner.
This review is for the dinner menu. The table service was great and seating is good. Free beer and wine is a plus and not generally not an offering at buffets. The food variety is large, something for everyone. The food qualty overall is good. However, . some items are only fair. On our visit the chicken breast was dry. I wanted to try the salmon but only a few pieces remained in the pan and they appeared dried out. I returned 2 times to check but the pan was not replaced or refilled. Fixing these 2 items would improve the rating.
I've heard that Studio B is the buffet to go to if you're in the Las Vegas area, so before heading back to Los Angeles, my friends and I decided to give it a try.. . Let me just start off by saying that what you get for the price is amazing. I was taken back by the fact they even had paella at a buffet, among their other options. And the beer and wine! Don't even get me started. . . If I was reviewing Studio B solely on its food, I'd give it a 5. But unfortunately the service we received...or didn't, put my rating down to 3. I typically expect our servers at buffets to regularly clear plates and regularly refill drinks. And our server almost felt non-existent. My plates began to pile up, not because I ate quickly, but because our server took way too long to clear our plates. When it came to the drinks, I found myself sucking down on the remaining ice in my cup, and even asking my friends if I could have some of their waters, because our server was rarely around our table for us to flag down.. . Poor service aside, I'm sure I'd come back here if I was in the area mainly for the food. Hopefully you don't get the same server we did. Otherwise, prepare to be an aggressive flagger-downer.
Decent buffet outside of the Las Vegas strip. The price was well expected of a LV buffet that served the variety of food they had.. . Food was ok... some things were very salty, some were good. Everything is very Americanized so don't expect any high quality sushi or something - you're at the wrong place. The line can be very long (we waited about an hour for lunch-ish time on Sunday).. . I think the best thing about Studio B buffet is the unlimited crab lets (they have a huge stock, so they won't run out so quick), and the Mimosas. What better way to end a Vegas trip with some crab legs and alcohol. The mimosa's weren't as good as hoped, but didn't quite expect great quality drinks as well (it's a buffet after all).. . This buffet is definitely worth trying, but make sure you arrive early, or you might starve to death in line.
I eat here once a week and I don't get the crazy rave reviews for this buffet. Look, it's far from the worst in town, but it's not this awesomely amazing place some reviewers make it out to be. I know because as I said, I eat here about 5 - 6 times per month. The food is consistent to an extent, but it's far from gourmet. They have their ridiculously overpriced seafood buffet on Saturday and Sunday, and I don't recommend it unless you have a comp. The pricing is outrageous for what you get. I don't care if you drink 10 glasses of cheap wine or Pabst Blue Ribbon beer, you aren't going to get your $40 worth! . . The prime rib is usually really good, the Chinese lettuce wraps are a standout, and I like their sugar free frozen yogurt (their other sugar free desserts are atrocious). Everything else is standard buffet fare, but at least there's a great selection! . . On a typical day you'll find: Greek salad, Italian food (the worst pizza you will ever eat -- try some and you'll see), lots of inventive salads (artichoke salad, marinated cauliflower, 3 bean), American food (fried chicken, beef stroganoff), carved rotisserie chicken / ham / lamb / prime rib, lots of veggies (green beans, broccoli, zucchini), several types of baked fish, a very small Mexican section, sushi, an Asian section (Korean ribs, ginger stir fried crab legs), a rotating selection of soups and breads, and desserts. I'm leaving lots out, but you get the idea.
Service was ok, the cashiers and the beer lady were the best... The food was ok, large selection which was nice however i think they should spend more time making each item taste better then having hundreds of items. The food was.... free beer awesome... we watied an hour to get in. was not to bad we kept saying we were going to try it for the last 3 months. was ok... maybe just a bad day...
I've been to this buffet over a hundred times (seriously !), so this review is based on a huge sample size.. . Why do I keep going back despite giving it 3 stars ? . 1. Location (off strip, no traffic, easy parking). 2. Short wait (because I get VIP line passes). 3. Price (because we get lots of free buffet / 2-for-1 tickets). . Negatives, and why I rated it three points:. 1. Long lines at prime time when you don't have a line pass (1 hour or more at times). 2. Very expensive / bad value if you don't have discount tickets for frequently gambling there, especially if you don't plan on getting hammered drunk on the free beer / wine. There is no option, like at the Bellagio brunch, to pay a lower price when not consuming alcohol. Children older than 8 pay full price, how about at least getting underage guests a break that clearly won't drink any alcohol ?. 3. Spotty service / management. 4. Inconsistent food. . Mind you, as one of the most expensive buffets in Vegas (weekend brunch is 40 bucks), I expect perfection. A weekday lunch at $16 per head isn't exactly a steal, either.. Some dishes are consistently good (some of the salads, chili verde, meatballs, Kalua Pork).. Some dishes are consistently bad (Chicken Tikka Masala being the latest, did anybody ever taste it ?? Eggs Benedict - taste like drinking vinegar, Sunset Station makes better Eggs Benedict, and I can eat there for a week for what M charges for brunch). The chicken breasts are pounded flat and 90% of the time overcooked to the consistency of shoe leather, and in the years I've come here, the chefs have not yet mastered the art of cooking Brussels Sprouts.. . These things we can plan around. However, the inconsistencies of our favorite items on the brunch buffet are my biggest complaint. . The smoked salmon alternates between being perfect, coming in huge chunks, and looking like passed through a shredder.. The cocktail shrimp are usually fine, but there's a 10 percent chance that they are overcooked to the point of being inedible.. The crab legs are split open and then steamed, which leaks all the flavor out (unfortunately a practice at most buffets), however, we had days were the crab looked and tasted old, or was steamed decidedly too long.. Shrimp Veracruz are fine 10% of the time, overcooked 50% of the time, and 40% of the time cooked to mush as to induce a gag reflex.. . I don't particularly appreciate paying 200 bucks for my family's brunch to discover that our favorite items are junk on this particular day. . . One last parting shot:. The VIP line passes I'm getting are good for up to 4 guests. Not free buffets, just a line pass. I happen to have 3 children, so we usually were a party of 5. Twice I have been accosted by different management staff very aggressively that it is "unacceptable", "this is the last time" etc, of me trying to bring in a party of 5 instead of 4. Yes, it says 4 on the ticket. But this is my immediate family, just one person over, and we're looking at a $200+ bill, and M's assurance that I'm VIP this and Platinum that. When asked management on how I am supposed to handle the situation, they seriously suggested 4 of us take the line pass, while the 5th goes through the regular line (1 hour wait).. . Our solution: As long as we get discounts and free buffets, we bring just enough folks to maximize our savings. Once the freebies run dry, I see no reason to come here, since the value isn't there at all. Paris, Bellagio, Rio, Mandalay Bay all have better brunches at substantially lower prices.
Sad to say that I returned back here earlier this year and was quite disappointed.  The quality of food completely went downhill.  Overcooked, either over seasoned or too under seasoned.  Sad. sad. sad.  I'm not sure if I'll bypass this buffet on my next trip. Most likely.
Pretty decent price for the amount of selection and did I mention AYCE -  Beer, Wine, Espresso, Cappuccino.  . . Out of everything, my plate was full of their mussel/clams dish, crawfish and some beef slices. Weirdly my friends mentioned the orange chicken wasn't dry, but most items are dry. . . Service: They were reallyyyyy nice. . PS Beer, Wine, Espresso, Cappuccino - you have to get it yourself. Its near the entrance.
I've had this place on my bucket list for buffet places to go to in the Las Vegas area!  Finally, I had the chance to come here!!  There were more positives than negatives about this place.  . . Positives:. 1.  Some beer and wine included with the price of the buffet.. 2.  Had the lunch buffet at a reasonable price.. 3.  Ambiance was terrific.  . 4.  The layout of the seating area, and the buffet area was very cool.. 5.  The place was so clean.. 6.  Service by the waitress was exemplary.. 7.  There were so many food choices that had a beautiful presentation.. 8.  The desserts were terrific, and the perfect size so nothing wasted.. 9.  There was no long wait for paying to get in.. . Negatives:. 1.  No wait for paying, but 20 minute wait to be seated!!!  There were only 5 of us.. 2.  The food tasted ordinary!  . 3.  There was no "WOW" factor to any entrees I sampled!. 4.  This is voted "Best Buffet in Las Vegas" by many publications so I had very high hopes for the place.  Suffice it to say, my expectations were not even remotely met!!. . Overall, the buffet is pretty good.  I just expected so much more!!  Especially after hearing so many positive comments about the place from friends and family.  . . The one section that I did like (besides the beer and wine) was the dessert section!  The gelato flavors were terrific, and their pecan tart was very very good!. . 3 stars for now because I am not yet a fan.  I'll try them again in the future though.
This is my updated review... my last one gave them  5 stars, now I am downgrading them to 3 stars, and here's why.. . Food: 3/5. Came here for brunch, and the wait was just not worth it.  Close to 1+hr wait (weekday), and another 5 minutes to get seated. It's like going to Disneyland, except there's no "WoW" to it.  Sadly... . . I don't know what has happened to their food selection, but it seems more like a glamorized Souplantation. They had a lot of salad options, and were limited with all the other food varieties.  Perhaps waiting for over an hour kind of set me off on the edge already. We were starving and were really looking forward to having brunch, but that certainly got pushed to a lunch. Ugh... got there at 10:20am...didn't get seated until 11:50am.. . The meat selection all seemed to be overcooked, and drowned with very thick sauce. Salads were fresh, and of course their dessert station is still the star of the buffet.. . Service: 2/5. Completely understaffed, which is why the wait was so long. Lots of empty tables when we're waiting to be seated, but barely a handful of waiters and waitresses.  Our servers rarely came to check up on refills, had to keep calling her over to ask for water. She forgot my cranberry juice, but I decided to let it go, since I didn't want to go to the restroom during my drive back home.. . Price: 4/5. If it weren't for the 20% discount for CA residents, I would have given them 2 stars. With the discount, we paid $23 for 2 people, so that's a bargain for a Vegas Buffet. I certainly wouldn't have enjoyed paying full price for the wait and food option, though. . . Final Verdict:. I'll probably give them one last chance, because I have had wonderful past experiences with them.  But if I had to wait just as long, I'll go find a restaurant instead, as with many customers who simply left the line to go elsewhere.
I got in at around 6. There wasn't a line and it was on Saturday. It was 29.99 for seafood dinner but with California ID it took $5 off. I wasn't too impressed with the selection for a "seafood buffet". The only thing that was good was the prime rib which I thought was actually better than bacchanal's. The only other thing I enjoyed was that they had two crab legs section, they separated the steamed and cold on two sides. The asian cooked crabs were pretty tasty as well.. . I wouldn't go back to this buffet though since there wasn't anything special or memorable about it. Maybe for $10 but definitely not worth $25. After dinner though the line was incredibly long. . . There was also a wedding reception going on in their private room. I though that was kind of cool.
This is the first time I ate here other than for breakfast and I was not happy. First of all Lunch starts at 10:30 to 2:30 and it was very busy. We got in line at 10:10 and did not sit down until 10:40. Our waitress was very nice and funny so this was helpful. Went to the line 3 times to try different things. Tried the cheese pizza and it was still doughy. Ceasar salad needed more dressing. I loved the stuffed Rigatoni and meat balls. I loved the Apricot chicken and the Russet Mashed potatos. The mac and cheese had no flavor, the egg rolls tasted nasty and the sweet and sour sauce did not help. The taquitos smelled like BO and I know that was crazy but, it did. I liked the chicken sliders, antipasta salad and the ribs. I was very disappointed in the dessert bar. The cookies were hard as rocks!!  We wont be coming back for the Lunch or Dinner. Thank goodness I had 2 for 1 coupon..
I don't like buffets.  Food quality is typically less than average.  This buffet is among one of the best in Las Vegas though.  Anytime I see raw oysters in a buffet, I do a double take.  They also have king crab legs as well.  Sushi was sub standard, but the Hawaiian Poke was nice.  Seems to have quality control problems since I've been several times and some of the visits were great and some of them disappointing.
Ok...this place gets a lot of press being voted number one!  This was our second attempt.  The first was an ill fated attempt late at night for our anniversary.  Got there still 8 and waited 1 1/2 hours.  They close at 9:30 pm...so you do the math.  We felt rushed to finish...and they stopped preparing fresh food maybe an hour before...so most of the food was either warm or tough from basking under the sunlight warmers all day.. . Second try...lunch.  Great selection of food.  They say over 200 selections.  From Cajun to Asian.  Clams to hams.  That's the good.  But voted number one?  I don't think so.  You would expect everything to be top notch.  But that was not the case.  The brisket was bland and cool to the touch.  The turkey was not melt in your mouth delicious.  The Chinese noodles were dry from being out too long.  Deserts were good!  But number one no.  Pay full price, Don't.  Hint...play at the casino a little and wait for your free buffet coupon on the mail.  That cuts the cost down to $7.50 each...and that is about the right price to pay for this only a little above average buffet!
Food: Every time I come here, the quality of the food goes down. This place is definitely living off of its former glory. This buffet started off being pretty spectacular, but it is now just average. Of course the price of the buffet still keeps inching upwards. The one thing going for this place is that they have unlimited beer and wine. They do have one decent beer on tap every time that I've been here.. . They used to give you crab shelling tools, but now their crab legs are pre-opened for easier consumption. Go for the steamed crab legs, they're better than the cold ones. The pile of cocktail shrimp is always a mess.. . The carving station is still pretty decent. They have sausages, turkey, and prime rib. The omelette station is pretty popular if you come for brunch.. . Service: The cashiers are pretty friendly. But when it comes to those bussing your table... they have a look on their faces that says, "I hate my job". They do come by often and do a good job though, so I can and will excuse the sourpuss face. :) The people at the carving station have a hard time understanding English when I asked for a rare piece of prime rib.. . Location: Nice location inside the M Resort. It's away from the hustle and bustle of The Strip. Parking is much easier here.
Saturday brunch is around $45 with fees.  For $45 in vegas the food better be special.  While the selection is vast and the service is excellent, the food wasn't as good as I expected.  . The good:  the fried chicken, prime rib and lobster bisque were great.  The gelato was also very, very good.   . . The bad:  the sushi was tastless and dry, the Chinese offerings seemed to be over heated, maybe warmed up too long because no one was eating it.  Eggs benedict was dry the muffin tough.. . The ugly:  the snow crab is served both steamed and chilled (nice) but the crab pieces were very scrawny, a really skinny legs without much meat.  I haven't ever seen such skinny offerings ever at a buffet.. . Special note: there is a selection of all you can drink alcoholic beverages(beer /wine) but if you don't drink a lot it's a non-benefit.. . Overall, not worth the $45 price point.  Something in the mid to low $30s would have been reasonable, even cutting out the alcohol. It might be a fair deal for a weekday lunch.
This is probably one of the better buffets in LV, but it was somewhat disappointing. I just had their Christmas special. $40 per person. Quite the price tag. Served prime ribs and snow crab legs? Those were notable items, but everything seemed pretty average to me. It wasn't bad, but not something I was wow'd by. There was so much hype about this place, but in the end, it was just alright for me. Their desserts were really cute. Assorted desserts were in perfect portions. Just right to try everything. Actually, the dessert might have been the best part of the buffet. Everything else was mehhhhhh....haha.. . I'd come back, but maybe when the prices are normal or something. $40 for an OK buffet is not for me.
