I saw Le Reve with my friend and I thought the performers did an AMAZING job.  At times I found the show to be slow in some parts but there was a lot going on, almost too much going on.. . My biggest complaint is the story line is not very clear even after reading reviews before and after.  But I am def going to check out some more shows in Vegas but I was not crazy about Le Reve.
Sat in the front row, Got wet and watched a pretty cool show. Its all mostly in water which felt kinda repetitive but still kept me interested throughout. Worth the watch but definately not for the money. Seen better for less.
I will give this show the benefit of the doubt because I wasn't really feeling well when I saw it (Think 2.5 days of drinking in the Vegas sun) but I may have dozed off a number of times watching it. . . Best show in Vegas? Nah. I've seen plenty of Cirque shows in NY that were 10x better. The visuals were great at frst  but  how many times can I watch people dive into a pool? Boring. There was no storyline. . . Sure the seating arrangements were great(Not a bad seat in the house) and I've never seen a submerged stage before but it got boring after the first half hour. . . Should've seen The Beatles show instead.
This is an obvious take on "O". The venue is quite intimate and truly there isn't bad seat in the house. The production values are great but not the best I have seen. Some good music and special FX. The tickets are quite expensive. 3.5 Stars overall.
I wasn't that impressed I think it could be better. It was something nice to do but I think watching it once was enough for me.
The idea of the show is interesting but the repetition of the same acrobatic routines gets redundant. However, overall this show was ok.
Solid 3.. . The spectacle is amazing. I love the colors, the crazy stage, the water, and the dancing. I love that the stage is circular, and that you can see all the action from no matter where you are sitting. . . This is not a typical Cirque show, and it isn't even a Cirque de Soleil production. Let's sum it up:. . . Pros: . . - Beautiful dancing. - Synchronized swimming, which is severely underutilized as an art form in my opinion. - Cool surprises like flowers popping out, curtains/drapes disappearing, the stage appearing and disappearing, lights, flowers, and water everywhere. . - It truly was something beautiful for the eyes to behold. . . Cons:. . - It got pretty mundane after a while. It was beautiful, yes, but I'm used to Cirque shows that have a lot of acrobatics and gymnastics. There's just mostly splashing/jumping/dropping/diving into the water and light dancing here. It was fun to watch, but I couldn't help feeling as though there could be more. I understand the stage is very wet, and it is unsafe for the performers to do anything too strenuous on the wet stage, but they could have done some crazier and more exciting things while harnessed. Once you watch the show, you'll know what I mean. . - Big humanoid doll thing floating down -- UGH. Scared the bejeezus out of me. . - Weird computer baby talking to us to say goodbye and hello/spiel re: no cameras, no phones, and keep your baby at home. -- Annoying and not within the theme. . . All in all, I'm really glad we went, since it was my in-laws' first Cirque-esque show, and they loved it, but I will be going to a different show next time for sure.
If you have never seen a water Cirque du Soleil show and are a fan of synchronized swimming and diving, go see it.  It was entertaining in the stage mechanics, impressive show of athleticism & lots of buff eye candy, but it bugged me that it had no comprehensible flowing story. I mean that there was kind of a story around the edges but some things were just plain weird. What was with the giant mechanical doll/woman? Also, after a while it got a bit repetitive. I don't regret seeing it because I was curious to know what it was, but I definitely wouldn't see it again.
Certain things about this show were well done.... - the stage was pretty awesome, and it didn't seem as though there would be a bad seat in the house.. -the concept was interesting (but was slightly hard to follow). -of course the performers were incredible and talented.. . The reason I only gave it three stars is because I felt for the price (and i do realize the shows on the strip are pricey) I would definitely pass on this show.  Like I said, the concept was very abstract and slightly hard to follow. I think that I would rather watch any of the other shows I have seen over this one.  I love the arts and theatre, but I was dissapointed by this one.
The biggest downside to this for me was that I am a huge Cirque fan and this just seems like a poor imitation. The combination of acrobatics and water performance was interesting, but the "dream" lacked substance and creativity that I've become accustomed to in Cirque de Soleil Shows.  The venue, however is nice and I don't believe there is a bad seat in the house. I think Wynn is the nicest of the casino/hotels around.
The Skinny: great customer service when booking by phone (5!) but a show that lacks spectacle and story (3).. . Okay, the travelzoo promotion site was down so I had to call the reservation line to book tickets for La Reve this weekend. Expecting to wait on the line for at least 2-3 minutes, I'd settled down with a cup of tea, a book and comfy slippers.. . To my surprise, the phone was answered in less than a minute. I'm not even sure I heard the dialtone! The lady on the line was super friendly and took my order for 3 tickets right away. We started chatting about Vegas and I mentioned that I was a local.. . "A local? Let me look and see if the locals deal can apply to your tickets for you." Say what? "Okay, it looks like the locals deal is better for you. Let me go ahead and apply that discount." But I looked online and there wasn't a locals deal advertised currently. "Sometimes we don't advertise about the local deal but the promotion is ongoing." Sweet! How's that for excellent customer service? That is 5-star service folks!. . Now on to the actual performance.. . Le Reve is definitely a dream... like as in the what-the-hell-is-going-on-here kind of nightmare. At its essence, the show lacked that one key thread that holds everything together - a storyline.. . It starts off with this girl in white with her boyfriend who sits on a park bench which becomes immersed in water. Then the girl is dressed in red. Let the odd dreams sequences with all these bald dudes begin!. . Really, the best parts of the show were the clowns. They literally stole the show and ought to have a larger role throughout the piece. They seemed to be the only ones during the show that actually were trying to tell the audience something. . . There is a lot of dancing/synchronized swimming so don't expect many acrobatic feats during this production. Not to mention the majority of the acrobatic feats are aerial in nature. So if you don't like aerialists or dancers, don't go to this show!. . To be honest with you, I think that the acrobats/dancers must work their patootie off for this production because they definitely perform numerous roles within the show. However it's a major flaw that these obviously talented, versatile people don't get their moment to shine. During the show, there's so many things going on all at once, the actual performance of the individuals gets lost in the frey. It's a too much sensory overload and it shows.. . Although some of the sequences were quite beautiful, they lack cohesiveness and personality to make this a truly great show. For that, this show gets a 3 starred review.
La reve was a cool show. Amazing physique on all the dancers. Up to 30-35 ft dives. However, does not live up to Cirque de Soleil's "O" - the ultimate water acrobatics show.
Um, no thank you. If it hadn't been a part of our super inexpensive room/show/buffet package at Encore, we would've never paid to see Le Reve.  . . Let's start with the positives:. 1) The stage is circular and everyone has a good seat. 2) The show is short so it's done just before you fall asleep. 3) The performers are truly talented. . Now the not-so-positives:. 1) The show has so much happening at once but is so boring at the same time. 2) The show is not visually pleasing. There are monster-looking people coming out of the side, from underwater, from the top. It's kind of overwhelming.. 3) The storyline seems silly. Was it about a girl's dream in which she kept "trying" out new guys but ended up with the same guy that she started with? Dating doesn't work quite the same way as buying clothes.... 4) They let you bring drinks in plastic cups but there aren't any cup holders on the seats.
Imagine a Hong Kong born girl, having only stayed at the states for about a year, watch her first Cirque Show not knowing to expect at all - except that the whole concept was supposed to be about a dream (from its literal translation from french) One of my aunts just happened to have an extra ticket for the show and took me along with her in 2009. . . The theatre was artsy fartsy to say the least, there was a bed at the centre of their circular stage which sparked my curiousity the moment I entered. Despite the amazing acrobatics and deep diving, I wasn't as impressed with the storyline as I would've thought. Like any real dream in REM, it was a little jumbled up in my opinion...there was a lot of colors, aquatics, stunts going on that I couldn't really follow the whole plot of the show (if there actually was one) At times it felt trippy (which isn't a bad thing at all) and the music was out of this world.. . If you happen to be visiting Vegas, I'd recommend you try out other cirque shows (e.g. KA and a beatles fan, LOVE) but if you're a local feeling adventurous with some extra cash to spend on a show, by no means try it out :)
There's no bad seats in this venue, but we got VIP seating for the chocolates and champagne..lol and there is a private monitor to view behind the stage/underwater chaos that takes place during the show.  Ushers and hostess were awesome.  We had a loud couple next to us and the usher offered to move us if it wasn't tolerable.  This was the good.. . The bad.. I'm not a big fan of cirque productions, so I can't say I enjoyed it.  It's typical though, if you like that kind of show. I've seen Mystere and Ka also and I would rate those the same.  Impressive stuff though.
This was a visually stunning show.  I really enjoyed it. There was a story line/plot, but I didn't really follow it.  It didn't make a lot of sense to me.   I couldn't figure out what certain characters were there for. Luckily, the acrobatics and the effects and the pure talent of the performers made up for the confusing plot.  As with many shows like this, the music started to annoy me after me  a while.  It all sounded the same and I think the show could be made better with a better soundtrack.
I was told this was the best show in Vegas, so of course I went in with high expectations... That being said, I will say this.. the show was good, I totally appreciate the hard work and stunts performed by the actors.  I just thought it was going to be better.  I actually fell asleep at one point.  The theatre was beautiful, I just expected the show to be a little more story line then actors diving into a pool.  But if your looking for a nice night out, I would say go enjoy....
I have seen many shows in Vegas and this one was very good. . . Pros: Theater is very nice and there is not a bad seat in the house. Comfortable seats and good views.. Gorgeous set up and props. Many things going on at the same time and a lot to see during the show. There are a few awe inspiring moments.. . Cons: Compared to Cirque Du Soleil not as exciting. Like  I said just a few awe inspiring moments. Still good just not as good if you have seen "O" by Cirque. . . The story is a little confusing. So I guess she has a dream and there are different guys after her? Everything kind of gets so convuluted that I just said oh well I will just trying to figure it out and sit back and enjoy.. . Also very expensive. Very difficult to find discounted tickets and I think the monet is better spent on "O" or "KA". Mystere is also vey enjoyable and is much cheaper. . . Enjoyed it but for me didnt quite live up to the hype and price.
This show is a very expensive and drawn-out metaphor for sex.  It's like adapting a really bad quasi-erotic romance novel and setting it in a public pool.  All attempts at making it even a shade sophisticated is robbed by the gaudy costumes, the kitschy soundtrack, and the intermittent manual "splashing" done by the performers (sometimes with their hands.  Am I supposed to be impressed by hand splashing?)  . . For those of you confused about the storyline, here it is: . Girl doesn't know whether or not she loves a dude, then spends about an hour and a half swimming, changing the color of her dress, napping, and running around in her heels and being controlled by a tribal-looking shaman who apparently has magical powers to produce geysers of rainbow water and the girl's sexual libido.  After watching her beloved dude dance around with other women, she then decides to sleep with the guy in the end in front of hundreds of people.  . . Ah, love.. . Now, all of this would be excusable, if Le Reve didn't market itself to be so sophisticated.  All nuanced elements of surreal imagery are cheaply portrayed like a Thomas Kinkade.  . . But if you're not looking for artistry, one line pretty much sums it up,. . "It's raining men.". . . Go see O.
PROs:. Beautiful dynamic sets, comfortable seats, intimate venue (really no bad seats in the house, though there the cheapest tickets are in the splash zone, but I doubt you get that wet). My bf liked the music. . I liked some of the synchronized swimming and the diving with spins/twists. . . CONs:. -Paid $119 for tixs in the premium section (middle) from Tixs4Tonight. Vegas.com sold them for $10 more. . These tickets were way too expensive for the show. I should've gone to see another cirque show instead. . **Tixs4Tonight was a hassle as we ordered the tixs on the phone, then had to go to their office to pick up vouchers, then go to Wynn 1 hour before the show to exchange them for show tickets.** . -The story and characters could've been better developed. It was confusing. The bed scene at the end was lame. . -The costumes and the acrobatics do not compare to Cirque's.. - The ballroom dancing segments was amateurish and too long. . - A couple acrobats messed up on their dives.
First let me say the artistry and performers were awesome.  Visually stunning.  The problem is I just kind of felt lost the whole time I was watching it.  Totally didn't get the plot but my husband said, "It's Cirque de Soleil.  You're not supposed to understand what's going on."  Well, this is the second Cirque show we've seen - the first was Mystere - and I don't remember leaving it clueless.. . Keep an open mind, enjoy the artistry and you will love the show.  It was A-OK for me.
The theater itself is spectacular.  I loved the use of the room: the soft flowing curtains, the music, the water and all the special effects..  Parts of the performance were spectacular.  I particularly liked the synchronized swimming - the ladies with their red shoes in the air -  how did they do that?  But mostly, it was a mish mash of  high flying acrobatics with folks flipping and flopping into the water.  Were they trying to keep time?  Everyone seemed to be doing there own thing.  Apart from the bookend of the guy and the girl there was no story.  Was there?   It was my first Cirque experience.   I don't know if I'll see another.   It was a lot of money.  I've seen much better for much  less.
I feel crazy for being one of the few to give less than 5 stars for this show. I saw this show way back when the Wynn first opened, and I loved it. This has definitely changed, which I heard since it has been since Wynn took it over, apparently they change the show frequently. I purchased the local deal that was being offered in December, VIP tickets at a discount price. This was a waste of money. This is a small showroom, and there aren't any bad seats in the house, so getting in the first couple of rows isn't that big of a deal, and honestly it was a bad idea, there is a "splash zone" yeah, after getting all dolled up, the last thing I want to do is get splashed with chlorinated water. I just didn't get captured by this show, like someone else mentioned, it isn't as bad as Ka, but it's close. . . The tip for today is don't spend the extra money on VIP seating if you decide to see this show.
The wife and I went to see this show with a group of friends last weekend.  It certainly was a different experience than the typical Vegas show - NO question there.  There's no stage, for starters.  ALL the action happens in front of you, over you, behind you, beside you, and strangely, under you.. . So, the Good:. visually stunning, to say the least.  INCREDIBLY athleticism, to put it mildly.  Some of the incredible feats performed left all of us wondering where they found these super heroes!  MANY of the trapeze acts are performed not only with no net and no harness, but with people FAR below the trapeze action, AND also soaking wet  people on said trapezes.  Amazing.. . The Bad:. Ok, maybe I'm getting old - but DAMN there's a lot going on at the same time.  Almost from start to finish, multiple stories are taking place across the "floor" (so to speak), and there is no WAY I could keep track of everything going on.  As soon as you start focusing on one element, you start missing two more.  Very difficult.. . Again, maybe I'm getting old - but to me, if I were the person having this "dream", it would be a nightmare, to put it mildly.  A TON of weird/scary looking dudes, to say the least.. . Finally, again, maybe I'm getting old, but can someone tell me what the hell this was about?  There was no real storyline that I could see - and it wasn't just me - NO ONE in our group (about fifteen of us) understood it.. . Bottom line:. Visually an incredible experience.  Athletically mind-boggling.. . Just don't expect to understand it.
Ratings: . Quality (3.5) . Atmosphere (4). Storyline (3). Comfort of the seats (4). Service (3.5). Price (***)  -- I received free tickets for this show and even saw kelly ripa at the show (how awesome). Overall (3). . It was A-OK.  I really wanted to like it cause I heard so many great things about it.  However, I didnt really like their storyline and it was not really Cirque du Soliel at all.  I was bored within 40-45minutes into the show and the only thing that kept me interested because I really enjoyed the music that they were playing.
Le Reve is ok.... for the price i was expecting something a little bit more impressive the visual aspect of it were pretty cool however the story left me falling asleep
Hmmm.... to answer all the Cirque du Soleil fans, this is NOT like Cirque, not even close.  That being said, it's a very pretty show but for this die hard Cirque fan, I'd probably spend the money to see Cirque.
Le Reve was set in a spectacular round theatre so every seat has an awesome view! Beware of the first first rows on the bottom as you may get wet!. . Overall it was pretty good. I like the stunts and there were beautiful moments. Some parts of it was boring as my aunt next to me was falling asleep. I would like it better if there were more stunts and a better storyline. I understand the story was about a woman who falls asleep and goes into these dreams and nightmares but its still very unclear to me. I honestly think Disney shows are much better and that they should look into creating a storyline people can connect with other than relying on pretty water and stunts. . . But nonetheless I would recommend this for anyone looking to do a Vegas show as every seat in the house in a Premium Seat with an amazing view and awesome stunts and pretty visuals.
I was not impressed with the show. It cannot beat the "O" show. Since I gave "O" a 4 star, this is only 3, 3.5 at most.  The entire show is good to look at initially; then, everything gets repetitive afterwards. It's mostly about jumping from the top to the pool, from the pool up to the ceiling, jump again and again and again... Almost put me to sleep. The difficulty of these moves are definitely not as hard as those in the "O" Show.
The show itself was meh. . . The sets and the costumes were amazing. . . Most of the acts were not imaginative and definitely not original. . . I don't really care to see people jumping from a great height into water feet first. The Olympics high dive is way more interesting. . . There were a lot of people just running around performing out of sync dance moves that were more on the simple side. . . I did enjoy a few acts, the two men balancing on each other was amazing. Such gracefulness from two bulked up men. It was amazing.
Beautiful set design, beautiful show, but absolutely confusing. I tried my best to figure out what the show want to convey, to no avail. I've seen most of the Cirque Du Soleil shows and I can usually quickly figure out what the story of the shows are. But not Le Reve.. . Honestly, its a beautiful show and I thought money fairly well spend. Though, I don't plan to see it again. For the same money, I much rather go see Love or Zumanity, or even O, Ka, and Mystere to a lesser extent.
I like to think that the folks who have seen Le Reve fall under two camps: those who loved the show and those who were left wondering what the heck was going on. Needless to say, I fall in the latter category. Before further elaborating on the things that I disliked about the show, I first want to note that the performers were spectacular as usual. They never fail to amaze me with their physical prowess and breathtaking stunts. Additionally, the theater was truly impressive with 360 degree coliseum seats around a fluid stage and amidst a beautiful deep purple and green background.. . Now on to the so-so/borderline bad. The flow and cohesion of the acts seemed clunky and disconnected. On one scene, you have fish people followed by tango dancers; it's as if the show is trying to figure out its own footing and this is the stumbling phase. Also, good luck trying to figure out the specific story line. In one act, the female protagonist is being courted by a goat (devil?) and then in another she is swept away by some dude in a leather jacket. Towards the end of the show, I just relegated myself to the fact that it's a story about dreams, which can be good ones or nightmares. I also wasn't too crazy about the cheesy love songs (with lyrics). I feel that shows with the same caliber as that of Cirque du Soleil (other readers have messaged me emphasizing that this one is NOT part of the Cirque du Soleil famil, but rather is an independent production by the Wynn - so I want to make sure to point that out) do not need songs with words to evoke what's going on in the stage - this should be palpable enough through the choreography and movement of the performers. Although in fairness, I was pleasantly surprised to find that the singers and music were performing live throughout the show. . . For the amount of money that I paid (and this show tends to be much more expensive compared to the Cirque shows in Las Vegas), I did not feel that this one truly delivered.
