We found this hotel for $100 per night mid-week so we decided to give it a try.  I'm not a huge fan of City Center but thought for the price I'd see what they had to offer.  . . City Center is confusing as it gets.   I was in a constant state of being directionally challenged. . . Vdara is a beautiful hotel.  The lobby has a great bar with outdoor seating.  It's actually nice to not have to walk 100 miles through a casino to get to your room.  The rooms are chic and modern.  They offer a small kitchen, a small seating area, and a great bathroom.  However, the bathroom door is see through.  Maybe this is fine if you are traveling with your significant other but if you're traveling with friends or co-workers things might get a bit awkward!  . . It is easy to get to the Bellagio and Aria but other than these locations... Good Luck!. . I would try to stay somewhere else in Vegas and use any hotel at City Center as a last resort.
This hotel was beautiful...check in was unorganized ... And they claim to have late nite room service... But really what it is basically vending machine food ... Egh we were not happy eating a cold sandwich which cost us $30 after wanting to order something nice and delish late night!
Nice hotel with sleek new rooms. Not bad at all but also nothing super special. they are all suites but so are a lot of other hotels in Vegas. they have a little kitchen thing but not even a glass or anything in the kitchen area. what is the point I guess? . . the bed was very comfortable. They charge an $18 resort fee which includes Internet, water, a paper and the use of the gym. I think it is kind of a useless charge but oh well. They don't have any restaurants there so you have to walk to the aria if you want dinner. . . Their shower was pretty crappy. Very low pressure.  dissapointed. . . It is nice but just don't spend too much money on the room. Kind of boring.
I'm giving 3 stars because the hotel is beautiful.  If it wasn't for that, I'd probably give 2.. . Pros:. Check in was easy and quick. Room is nice. Gym and staff is nice. Valet is quick and friendly . Non smoking . Microwave in room . . Cons:. Pool and hot tub closes at 4. 4pm- seriously? . Only 1 restaurant and 1 bar. . Room service food was very disappointing . . Biggest issue: Room wasn't cleaned for 2 days. I had to call down to the front desk and ask for it to be cleaned. Went to gym for an hour, still not cleaned! Tracked down cleaner myself and asked (had no towels and needed to shower.) Went back to gym for 45 min and then waited in the hall for 10 min before I went and let concierge know. Came back upstairs and cleaner was walking away and left our door open!! It was 4:45pm!. -No word from front desk. I wasn't asking for anything comped, just wanted to let them know that it's not ok to not clean the rooms for 2 out of my 4 nights. Maybe a phone call with an apology is to much to ask.. . I was in Vegas in Jan and stayed at the Cosmopolitan and the Aria. Both hotels are next door and my stays were perfect. I favor the Cosmopolitan.. . Can't recommend this hotel to anyone who needs fresh towels and wants to eat.
Sliding bathroom doors right next to your bed((( It's ok if you go buy yourself) And toilet paper...well like in a cheap hotel. Oh, and hair dryer - you have to look for it ))) Its under the sink inside a shelf that is almost invisible((( Try - found mine only on third day))) Everything else - was great: beautiful views, very quiet ( which is extremely nice after all the shows and casinos), has 2 minute walkway to Bellagio.
First off the hotel is very nice. rooms were stylish, even the elevators were cool.  But this hotel is for the older/family crowd.  with no casino, and only having Bar Vdara, and Market cafe their is not a whole lot going on there for the younger customers.  and every time I'd pass an employee they never said have a nice day or hello, hell they barley even looked at me.  The next time I go back I will stay at the cosmopolitan, very nice atmosphere, friendly staff, great bars and dining, and Marquee club. that's were I spent most of my time and money.
This More of a 3 1/2. I will say this right off the bat, you simply can not beat the bathrooms or the rooms in general. They are both fantastic and make for a wonderful stay. Especially the views of the Bellagio Fountain. . . The problem I have with this place isnt with the rooms or amentities. The Problem I had with Vdara was with the staff at the front desk. The concierge, bell staff, and valet were all wonderful but for some odd reason the front desk staff FAILED in comparision. They werent friendly in the LEAST bit and all the staff had different knowledge from person to person about various things. . . All in all i would stay here again for the rooms and location but next time I stay ill be sure to give whoever is at the front desk the business.
After staying at the Aria hotel earlier in the year I was expecting the Vdara to be of the same quality, actually I expected even more.  When we walked into our room at the Aria the room was large, the shades opened automatically, and the they had a remote control that could do EVERYTHING except cook me eggs in the morning.. . When we walked into our room at the Vdara I was expecting to be "wow'ed", but I was so disappointed.  Another reviewer mentioned that the furniture was very Ikea-like.  I agree 100%.  It really appeared as though the designers were on a budget when they designed our room.  . . Our only problem with staff was when we came back into our room in the evening and noticed that the housekeeping staff forgot to leave us cups and an ice bag.  Not a big deal, they were very quick to get us some after we called downstairs.. . Vdara is NOT a 5-star hotel.  It's more like a 3.5-star hotel, that is living in the shadows of it's big brother Aria.
i like how the rooms have a kichenette..... but the hotels smelled a little.. . our room was a non smoking room.. but since i dont smoke.. i could tell ppl smoked there before.. what do i expect? its VEGAS! ofcouse ppl are going to smoke on a non smoking room.. but i'd stayed at the palazzo before and its sooooo much nicer.. . for the price.. i'd stay at the vdara again if it was as cheap as we got it this time.. . this hotel has no casino.. next time id rather stay in a hotel that has casino.. so i can walk down in my pjs to play some bj.. :) . .................black jack.. . . for what you get tho.. its a good deal.. :)
Very comfortable, clean, new suites. Location is central though still removed from the Strip; this can be good or bad depending on if you want a slight "retreat" or not. Vdara's hotel restaurant has closed for some reason, perhaps due to the economy. On the other hand, Aria is right across the street, and there is a walkway to Bellagio from Vdara.. . Service could be improved. The book in the room says checkout is at 12, but concierge mentioned checkout was at 11, so I called the front desk to clarify. I was promptly informed that the time had changed a few weeks ago. When I responded with an "Oh...", I was told that this information was on some paper that I signed when I checked in, in a "you should have known better" tone--instead of apologizing for the confusion or automatically offering to extend the checkout time.. . At check-in, there was also no mention of our $50 resort credit (which was the promotion we used when making our reservation) until we asked about it the next day, and the $50 amount was not automatically deducted from our hotel bill until we again stood in line and asked for the credit at check-out (so we couldn't use the video checkout or express checkout). I don't appreciate that.
I got a fan-tas-tic deal here, otherwise I would say that while Vdara got the job done, I wouldn't exactly rush back to stay here again. . . For the big picture, two things... check-in, check-out was terrific and while the room was nice enough, there's no real "wow" factor besides the view from the huge windows. . . As for the fine points.... . The good: . - kitchenette with a decent sized fridge for your own stuff.. - good bathtub for soaking.. - fast elevators (for you frequent travelers to Vegas, you know how annoying it can be to have to wait forever and a day for an elevator).. - those windows and the electric controls are fun to play with.. . The not-so-good:. - even with blackout shades, the room was far from being "blacked" out. When I'm in Vegas I sleep till late morning and the sun starts to come in at 5:45 am.. - no one came to clean our room on our second day despite turning the "do not disturb" sign off.  We had to call for supplies after 1am when we arrived back to find no toilet paper (the only roll supplied was the one on the hook - I searched everywhere!).. - No one likes to watch their significant other use the toilet (or as my husband would say... drop a deuce) while they try not to watch/listen from the bath - no matter how much you love them. Why oh why didn't they build a separate toilet closet? This for me is the deal breaker.. - Hard to access from the strip. I got stuck in the Cosmopolitan a couple of times and the major douche bag factor there is just way too much for me to handle. . . Though Expedia (whom I booked through) classifies this as a 5 star hotel, I would slightly disagree.  4/5 stars. I think the whole Vegas star system is slightly different then the rest of the world because by no means is this in the same caliber as a Ritz, Mandarin or Four Seasons property.
My friends booked the two-story penthouse suite for a weekday night post-finals week in Vegas about a month ago here. The building is cool, sleek, clean, modern, as was the penthouse. But maybe because I have these grand images of spacious wide 360 rooms at Caesar's Palace from The Hangover...I wasn't as impressed. haha...don't get me wrong though. It's a nice 2-story penthouse with enough bathroom space for a lot of guys and gals to get ready. =) Enough room to host a party for over 50 people so.......yea! I bet the neighbors hated us. And the clean up crew. Eeps. But overall the hotel is nice and a walk away from planet hollywood, a tram stop from cosmo, city center, Bellagio, so that's convenient! But the trams can get confusing and the walk was still a bit of a pain because Vdara is behind the Bellagio and Cosmo and it's a walk uphill-ish and you have to cross and overhead bridge to get to PH. Kind of sucks when you're wearing heels!! =P
Just completed a two nights stay at Vdara and thought I'd share the good and the bad..       The good: .      Friendly staff. .        Check in was a breeze. .            The market while expensive was convenient and less expensive than room service.. Location is fantastic,an easy(and safe)walk between Aria and Bellagio via conected walkways,without having to go out to the strip.  .        Fast elevators..      The not so good:.    Rooms are flooded with light at sunrise due to  three blackout panels rather than one.There's about a two inch vertical gap between each panel and it lets in more light than is acceptable,or is wanted when you went to bed at 3:30am.Thats a deal breaker for me,if I cant sleep untill mid morning due to too much light in my Las Vegas hotel room I won't stay there again..    The room are noisy for a modern,multi-billion dollar property.You can hear conversation from adjacent rooms via ductwork that comes in through a grill/air diffuser.Completely unaccepable..     Pool was nice,but very crowded,and in my opinion too small for  resort/condominium towers with 1490 rooms..       Have stayed at Aria before and will be staying there again in the future and not at Vdara.
My friends and I thought we were going to be living the LIFE in two adjoining suites at the Vdara when we went to Vegas last weekend for a long overdue girls trip. Well.... we had our bubbles burst when we arrived. We did NOT get adjoining rooms (bummer) and the rooms were significantly smaller than we anticipated. . . We knew since it was non-gaming, non smoking it would be a more chill environment , but for most of the weekend the hotel was soo quiet! I kinda longed for the sound of a ringing slot machine by the end of the trip. I think we missed out on the pizazz of Vegas lol.  We also had to call down to the front desk for everything we needed.... shower caps, dishes (for the kitchenette) and sufficient washcloths (there was only 1 in the bathroom). . . Once we got over a few of the disappointments we did enjoy the rest of our stay. the Vdara is right across from the Aria which has all of the typical Large Vegas hotel/casino amenities (food, dancing, etc). We walked to the Cosmopolitan as well and didn't need a cab the entire trip! The city center was well built with easy access to Bellagio and Monte Carlo. Our favorite part of the trip was the day at the Vdara pool. We had a cabana (reasonably priced) which was wonderful. We had our own TV, cabana boy AND a fridge stocked with soda and snacks. . . Now, that I know what to expect I would stay there again if I was looking for more of a relaxing trip or traveling for business.
The service: Mediocre. I came early and could not check in for four hours, it took them about an hour and a half to get my luggage up to my room, and I had to call them three times about it. . . On top of this, my friend and I reserved two city corner suites. I got the corner suite, but he did not. INSTEAD, they DOWNGRADED him to a regular room and still ended up charging him the same amount. His room was SIGNIFICANTLY smaller than my room. What kind of hotel does that?. . The room: Beautiful. It was huge and completely worth the very reasonable price that I paid for it. There was a small kitchen/dining area, a full size fridge that they stock with complementary water for you, two huge flat screens, a separate bedroom with the comfiest bed ever, a HUGE bathroom with a very deep tub with bath salts, and a separate shower with an amazing view. Did I mention a washer and dryer that I (unfortunately) did not get a chance to take advantage of.. . Note: It takes a while to get a cab because most of them  fill up with passengers at the Aria before driving away past Vdara.
This hotel so wants me to give them a 5 star review, but they're only getting the 3 stars.  Sure, they spent millions of dollars on every aspect of the property, and perhaps they feel entitled to 5 stars from each of their guests.  After all, they paid for the votes.. Here's why they don't:  The Details.. . First, the pros:  This place is NICE!  Totally modern, each room is a suite, amazing views(available upon request and prompt payment), full size refridgerator/kitchen, it even has a washer/dryer.  Seriously, nobody has a washer/dryer in their hotel room. It's also smoke free and doesn't have a casino in it. This is all quite nice.  The complementray valet parking was also nice. They even have a coffee maker in the room. . . I know, this is America and all, and coffee, along with running water, is standard in every hotel in the country, but in Las Vegas, hotels on the strip usually do not include this basic necessity. They'd rather you wake up w/ a hang over and come downstairs looking and feeling like dookie to get your coffee rather than providing you a basic cup o' joe in your room, even if it isn't all that good. Because the crappy hotel room coffee is going to make you not want to have a real coffee. . . . The cons: The details!  . . 1) For example, I have a shirt w/ a button that's starting to pop off. I like this shirt. I want to wear this shirt. I need a needle and thread.  Being a wonderful full service hotel, I call the front desk to request a needle and thread, which I am assured will arrive promptly.. What I get instead is a "vanity pack", contents: 3 cotton balls, 3 cotton swabs, 1 emery board.   No needle, no thread. WTF, am I going to sew my button back on w/ a Q-tip? Try harder.. . 2) The ironing board has a fixture to hold the iron which has been surgicaly attached to the ironing board in the place which takes up all of the most valuable ironing real estate, making it take twice as long to iron anything. Thank you, but no thank you, thank you.. . 3) The full size kitchen has nothing in it. For exampple, you have a nice coffee maker(w/ the usual crappy hotel coffee) but no coffee mugs.  You have to call for it. Hint: poeple like coffee in coffee mugs. Put them in your rooms by default. Or is the coffee mug maker just for decoration?  If someone takes a mug home, charge their card. Put a logo on the mug. They'll want to take it home. Easy money. What are you waiting for?. . 4) We were a party of 3 and there's no extra bedding in the room for the pull out sofa.  Perhaps they assume all their parties of 3 are into freaky 3 ways or something, as I had to call down to get the bedding , which showed up about 30 minutes after the time I wanted to go to bed(that would be when I found out that there was no bedding).. . If a place wants to call themself full service, and wants me to pay more than $600 for a night(a Saturday), then they should be smart enough ask me on check in if we'd like additional bedding sent up rather than making me find out the hard way. hint: we're a party of more than 2, and by defailt our suite only has 1 bed. Either we're into the freaky 3 way, or we need extra bedding sent up. Don't make me find this out after a late night out in Vegas. Ask me when I check in. Be full service.. . It all adds up to a hotel w/ sub-par service for the price. They are missing the attention to detail at a price where they should be paying attention to the details.  My checkin guy Al, the valets, & bell hops all did a great job, though, so thumbs up to those guys.. . Well, this was a fun review to write. I hope you have as fun a decide going or not going there as I did writing this.
Stayed here Sunday night with 2 friends....it was OK.  Got a room with 1 king and a pull-out sofa bed.  We check in about midnight or so.  They never offered to tun the sofa bed for us, just gave us a key.  When we walked in the room, there were no extra pillows or blankets for the sofa bed and the windows were dirty.......nice touch guys!. . The hotel itself has nice decor and its quiet, although EVERYTHING was closed in CIty Center....shops, restaurants, pool...ect.  Its sad to see Vegas this way.  Building this huge sub-city and nothing stays open late.  Though times in LV, I guess.  . . We paid about $200 for the room, and I might come back, but don't expect much for hospitality.
Stayed here over the weekend for one night with some friends. It's definitely a nice hotel in comparison to the other hotels on the strip. . . Upside: For starters, there's no casino in the hotel at all so that eliminates all the smoking fumes that you always run into at the other hotels. Everything is fairly new in the suites and the design is modern. The suites are spacious enough, and the views are great! Suites have a kitchen and dining table, also there is a washer/dryer to do laundry if you need to.. . Downsides: No self parking what so ever! There is only valet parking, and it takes some time before your car arrives especially when there's a cluster of people going in/out at the same time. Our check-in time was 3pm, but our room was not ready when we arrived. Front desk informed us it would take 1 hr. more to finish. Fast forward 2hrs 30mins later, our room was still not ready! Therefore the hotel gave us a $50 credit.. . If the service would have been better, maybe I'd give it more stars, but the hotel is alright considering it's much newer than the other hotels on the strip.
Three and a half stars for Vdara.. . The hotel is beautiful: very modern, sleek design, beautifully decorated inside. And no casino means no lingering cigarette odors.. . Theroom is really nice. King size bed, pull-out sofabed, a kitchenette with a fridge, microwave, even countertop burners (the hotel will provide pots and pans if asked). The bathroom is almost as big as the room itself. It has both a large bathtub and a standing shower.. . The pool is small and pretty standard. There are several cabanas that can be reserved ahead of time, but there are plenty of lounge chairs for everyone's use. . . What knocks my rating down for Vdara are small things which I think a high end hotel such as this one should be able to fix easily. No iPod dock and poor lighting in the rest of the room other than the bathroom. The fridge was not cold enough even though it was set to high: we had to keep our drinks cold in an ice bath. The showerhead had absolutely no pressure. And while the queen size bed was extremely comfortable, the pull-out bed was probably the worst pull-out bed I have had the misfortune of sleeping on. No pull-out bed is comfortable, but this was just bad. Saggy in the middle, and the wire springs poked EVERYWHERE. Sleeping on the floor may have been a better option.. . The mandatory $20 resort fee covers free wi-fi in the rooms, use of the pool, and complimentary water bottles each day, among other things. Items/services requested from housekeeping takes a while to get to your room, but it doesn't mean they're ignoring you: it's because with so many guests, they're usually bombarded with requests, so be patient.. . Vdara is conveniently connected to the Bellagio via an overheard walkway, and a tram connects Vdara/Bellagio with Aria and Crystals mall, as well as Monte Carlo hotel.. . Despite its shortcomings, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.
A really beautiful hotel/condo, but otherwise, it doesn't have much to offer. First, the location is not very accessible from the street or other hotels except from Aria and Bellagio from strange back entrances. We got lost trying to find it twice. It is not visible from the strip. There is only 1 bar and one cafe. I wasn't able to check out the pool, but they have one. . . Service was nice and professional, but not bending over backwards for anyone. The bell hop service was nice. The rooms were very comfortable, but I find it awkward to be staying in an owner's suite, where they're renting out your place to random people who book on priceline. I would not invest in a property here. . . Convenient access to Aria and City Center, close walk to PH and Miracle Mile. I suppose it is kinda of nice not to have any casino BS going on in your hotel lobby so, this may be an ideal spot for some.
It was nice for a hotel on the strip without a casino. And the non-smoking was a plus. . . It took a long time to get things we ordered from room service. But it's got a great staff and everyone was super nice.
The Pros:. Beautiful Exterior. Ez Valet. Its in the City Center. Smoke Free. Great bath tub. . The Cons:. This is advertised as a 5 star hotel. THIS IS NOT A 5 STAR HOTEL. Small Rooms. No A/C in elevators. Chincy entrrance for a 5 star joint. Its the cheapest 5 star on the strip bring a douschebag clientele. Housekeeping not present
3.5. . Vdara is, as advertised, a hotel and spa, meaning no slot machines or tables anywhere in the vicinity.  When I arrived, I found out that there were booking issues with the room (as it was on the same weekend as EDC), and that the suite I reserved was no longer available.Thus, I was downgraded into the standard suite, but given $50 worth of credit to be spent at Vdara or Aria for every day that I was there.  This pretty much paid for all of my food and beer expenses, so that was nice of them.. . The suites are decently sized and feature the modern decor that you would expect of a Citycenter hotel.  They include your own personal kitchen, two televisions (one facing the couch, while the other faces the bedroom) and an extremely comfortable bed.  While the kitchen does come with a fridge, it is pretty small, so don't count on being able to store much inside.  Each suite comes with a fold out couch, but I highly advise not sleeping on them, as they're somewhat uncomfortable and don't come with pillows.. . The facility itself is pretty cool, with a lot of places to sit and chat throughout the lobby.  I came to notice that the pool sits directly on top of Vdara's entrance, but unfortunately is very small compared to others that you can find around the strip.  That was very disappointing to me, considering that I went in the heat of Summer and was hoping for a large pool area.. . It should be noted that valet service is free for hotel guests, so don't spend too much time looking around for parking once you're there.  The valets are also very helpful if you're looking for something specific in Vegas.  Though free valet service is cool, just keep in mind that it can be a pain to leave, especially on Sundays around noon when a lot of other guests are also on their way out.. . Overall, Vdara is a pretty nice hotel to stay at if you're looking for a relaxing weekend in Vegas.  This isn't to say, however, that you should not stay here if you're hoping for a booze-filled party fest that most young folks go to Sin City for, though there are better places to stay for that.
Doesn't have a casino.... . Does have free valet.. Cheap room rates - 811 sqft suite for weekend rate of $200/night which has a full fridge, 1.5 baths, free internet access.. It is just off the strip and walking distance to Cosmo, Aria and Planet Hollywood.
My friend got this hotel from priceline for $150 I believe a night.  We paid for an upgrade to a junior suite for about $50 a night.  . . The good: . The hotel itself is nice, laid back and not the hustle and bustle of the lobby of other hotels - primary reason being there is no casino.  Its really a mix of people who stay at this hotel from what I saw.  Connected to the Bellagio which is nice and a 2 minute walk to the Aria. The pool is actually decent!  The day before we did Ditch Fridays at the MGM so the Vdara pool was a nice change of pace.  Low key, decent amount of people, and was able to locate 3 lounge chairs easily.  Tons of sun in the pool area.  The room was nice, new and clean.  We had a kitchen, washer/dryer, 2 bathrooms.. . . The Bad:.  Service and room - we had to call housekeeping and the front desk 5 times in our 2 night stay.  We lit the button for a room changeover, which was never done so we had to call down for more towels.  The AC in our front room wasnt working so we had to call for that.  We asked for 3 bowls and cups and instead we got 3 bowls and 3 plates.  When we tried to use the dryer, it didnt work.. . Not a bad place to stay for the price but some hiccups along the way.  I'd probably stay here again if I was going with a gf.
The Vdara gives the illusion of being an upscale 5 star hotel with its modern exterior and super chic rooms with stunning views of the strip...but when it comes to customer service, it's comparable to a 3 star hotel or dare I say, even 2 star.. . For a last minute trip, my friends and I got a special one night deal for $180 at a Vdara corner suite so we were stoked. Since the hotel is the sister to Aria resort, we had high expectations but they were faltered as the minutes passed, realizing that despite the stellar view of the strip and Vegas mountains, inside the room was: . . 1. A dirty kitchen - utensils were not properly washed and un-emptied trash from previous guests. 2. S L O W service - the Vdara seems to be lacking staff since it took about an hour to bring up our suitcases from the bellhop and another 30 minutes to bring up extra towels.. . The upgrade didn't come as a surprise to us later on when we learned that not many people check into this hotel. Shocker. Other than that, I do have to say that the staff is super friendly, though there aren't many of them. Hopefully in a year the Vdara can redeem themselves since it has a great location (right next to Haze and Marquee!) and the potential to be a great hotel.
I visited Vdara in April for my Birthday.  It is a very nice hotel.  I took a cab from the Airport which was great because, you need a map just to find the Vdara front desk.  I had a Panarama suite which was beautiful I had a 260 degree view of Las Vegas but, to be honest, there was not really that much to seeas you are a ways off the strip.  There was only one small restaurant in Vdara which is a drawback.  The only other options were to go to Aria or one of the other hotels.  Even though Aria is next door, it was a long walk and tram ride just to get there.  . . I found it odd that when I checked in, because I had prepaid the room and was using my Check Card, I could not charge to the room unless I left a $400 deposit.  So, I left the $400 deposit as I didn't want to pull my card out when ever I need to make a purchase.  . . The pool was nice and a cabana was only $125.
I went and stayed at Vdara to do some photoshoots for the weekend. First off i walked into the place and service seemed to be good, got my key went up to the room and i had the executive suite which was very nice.views around the whole place. The room was a 1 bedroom. It had a kitchen,washer/dryer, 1 full bath with an amazing tub and separate shower and a half bath. The room was great, the only thing that freaked me out was seeing 2 roaches when i woke up the next morning by the kitchen, how the hell do they get up to the 26th floor. I told the front desk ad they waived my resort fees for me. Phone signals are a little shady in there also. Vdara had a bar downstairs that made a drink called a BLACK DRAGON.. it was AMAZINGGGGGGGGGG. It was basically a raspberry mojito, so good, but very pricey i think the martini was $15, it is worth it.  It was nice having the mini store/cafe downstairs. We walked over to the Cosmopolitan Hotel for dinner which is right next to it, now that is an amazing hotel.  Overall my experience was pleasant.
Um hello... It's Vegas. Why don't you have a Casino?
Pros: . . - The rooms were very nice and luxurious. The bed were comfy and the showers were hot.. . - We got a room with the strip and bellagio fountain view for free. (Call in a day advance and ask for it, they will leave a note so when you check in, the front desk will see that note when they assign your room.). . - The house cleaning service was very prompt and detailed. Left the room around 11 for the pool, came back in an hour or 2 and the room was cleaned. . . - AC was super cold. - Bellboy brought our stuff up in 5 minutes.. - 2-3 minute walk to Aria, Cosmo, City Center, and Bellagio, Monte Carlo. - 10 minute walk to Caesers, Harrahs, Venetian, Mirage. - No casinos, Smoke-Free. - The pool was nice and wasnt crowded on a weekend morning.. . Cons:. . - Fridge did not work at all, asked for it to be fixed, no one came. Luckily, we were next to the ice room.. - $20 per day resort fee. . - $100/night deposit with a Debit card or $130/night deposit with a credit card.. - Both my room keys failed, took security 20 minutes to come up and open my door.. - Bathroom door wont lock. . Would I stay here again? Maybe. If I can somehow get the resort fee waived, definately.
Would I stay here again?  Probably not.  The biggest problem being the low water pressure in the shower.  Vdara's explanation is that their hotel is "green and environmentally friendly".   I can commend them for being environmentally friendly, but it just doesn't fit my needs.. . That being said, the customer service here is great, everyone there was very courteous and willing to assist you.  I ended up wanting to switch hotels due to the water pressure issue, and they were very cooperative and understanding.  I wanted to switch to one of Vdara's sister hotels, and they were very accommodating.   My reservation was through priceline's name your bid and priceline told me they won't be able to make changes to my reservation.  Chinnaha at the front desk went the extra mile and called priceline directly for me.  She was able to get my entire reservation refunded with priceline. . . I had their standard room.  The room itself was extremely nice, it had a small refrigerator, dining table for two, and electric stove-top.  I was even able to hookup my laptop (using HDMI) to the LCD TV.. . By the way, Vdara is a valet-ONLY hotel (i think you can self park in Aria's self-parking if you want).
Get the executive corner suite, it's away from everything.. I love the enclosed kitchen and extra guest bathroom.. . I guess the front desk girls didn't really like me, too bad, I'm more beautiful than them and I'm a paying bitch guest!!. haha. . The services from these front desk team can be improved!!. I felt most of them were real proud idiots!!
We checked in on Wednesday for a two night stay.  The front desk refused to I've us an upgrade even though the hotel is half empty.  We ended up paying $30 more to be upgraded to a corner suite.  . . The room is very contemporary, the bed is really comfortable.  The soak tub was really nice, there was a nice view of the strip as you soaked in the tub.  Overall the room was very comfy.  . . What I did not like was the pool, the glare from Aria and Vdara itself was blinding.  I could hardly open my eyes while I was there.  I had to leave after a few minutes because my eyes were starting to hurt.  The pool was really small, could no way accommodate all the guests of the hotel.  . . The staff were okay, not the friendliest, they just did their job, did not really go the extra mile to make you feel welcome.  . . Will I go back? Maybe if I no other choice.
This hotel smells so good when you enter! . The bed is super heavenly!. The fridge came in handy to storing left overs and alcohol.. Its so fancy how they ONLY have valet.. Their pool is on the third floor where it catches the most amazing breeze on an 80 degree day!. Did I mention that every room has a doorbell? AND they have lighted signs you can activate to show whether you don't want to be disturbed or if you do need your room cleaned.. . Although I was very SAD when I learned one of my chanel flats were missing.... But who the heck just takes ONE shoe?!. . Sooooo only 3 stars Vdara.. It was lovely and smelled good but why steal my shoe?
Would I stay here again? No way. This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at while in Las Vegas. For a little more a night, I would much rather stay at the Venetian (or if I had to stay in the City Center, Aria).. . This is the SLOWEST hotel on the planet. We checked in on a Tuesday and it took us over an hour to get checked in. No one seems to be doing anything helpful and the employees just didn't seem to know anything about the hotel.. . After finally getting checked in, we went up to our room and the bed was filthy (makeup all over the white sheets). We called the front-desk to get the sheets changed and NO ONE answers the phone at this hotel! I was on wait for over 30min until someone finally answered. After we talked, the front desk promised someone would be sent up to change the sheets---an hour later..nothing!. . The pool sucks. It's so tiny and not something you would expect from Vegas. And the deadly 'death ray' that comes off the hotel is not a lie. I could not lay out for more than 5 min without feeling like my skin was being burnt off.. . Cabs! Another nightmare. It's impossible to get a cab here. We waited for 20 minutes in this long line that was not moving, and eventually went over to Aria to get a cab. If the cabbies ever venture up to the City Center (they hate to), Vdara is their last stop b/c they all go to Aria first...such a joke. . There's nothing in this hotel. No casino, no restaurants, no pool-life. I do give it 3 stars because the rooms were nice and spacious, but that's about it. Don't waste your $$ here..the Cosmopolitan is wayyyy nicer with better restaurants and the Aria has a way better pool.
Nice new hotel. I liked my room. They call it a suite. . . If you want to stay in a new, modern hotel at a decent price stay here. If you want action, casinos, shops, and restaurants find another hotel. Vdara is basically a no frills hotel. It's really nice, if you just need a place to sleep.. . The only food option is the sandwich shop. For all other options, you have to walk over to Aria or trek to Bellagio via the connecting bridge.. . If you check out after 11am, expect to pay half the nightly rate for that night. Make sure you get up early to check out.. . 2 nights stay (fri/sat) was just under $500
We stayed at Vdara for the 1st time this past weekend and I'm sad to say that I was disappointed by the experience. For starters, the check-in line was long and there seemed to be a long wait whenever we came downstairs to exit the premises. We stood in line for  30 minutes to check-in! . . Our "deluxe suite" wasn't very impressive. The set up of the space made it feel small and stuffy. Too much furniture and not enough walking space. The bathroom, however was nice. There's a huge, deep tub if you want to soak in some bubbles and the shower was big too. . . LOVE that there was a kitchenette. That microwave was handy for our drunken eats at 3am. The pool was sad. Small, simple, and water was too shallow. . . All in all, it was okay. Location was good, but I doubt I'd stay here again.
This hotel really is gorgeous and luxurious. I can't really comment on the price since I was not the one who paid for the room, but to my best guess I personally would not pay more than $200 a night. . . The rooms are all suites, and yes they are gorgeous. . . The rooms had excellent views, loved the decor, and the comfy a$$ bed. My favorite was the kitchenette and the bathrooms. The bath tub was huge and I liked how the showers had a built in bench. I really enjoyed getting ready for a night out in this bathroom!!!! Lighting was perfect for make up ladies!!!! . . I can't really think of anything wrong with the room except that you need to call room service for silverware...kind of lame considering the size of the kitchenette...I really am almost tempted to just call it a kitchen.. . The room, the beauty of the hotel, the luxurious aura, location etc that all gets 4.5 stars, but the service here is what lacks. . . We were the only group in line for check in, and I know I was waiting at least 45 minutes. Thank goodness for the cozy beautiful seating area.. . *****Important!!! It wasn't an issue that they only have valet parking-but the drivers clearly didn't know how to handle a car with after market modifications and lowered cars.They scraped the bottom of our car while taking it to the garage and when bringing it out. The valet dude yelled at us and told us that it should have never been parked in the garage since it was so low and pointed to an area just in front of the hotel where they have a few spaces reserved for certain clientele I am assuming??? OH OK thanks for letting us know after our stay there and when we are leaving!!!!. . Top notch hotel, but needs a refresher course on hotel hospitality and service.
Really nice hotel, but a little out of the way from the main scene on the strip. Rooms were nice, but our AC broke and the pull out beds are pretty rough to sleep on. Would go back though, as we had a great room rate.
Got an awesome upgrade for Mexican Independence Day weekend! They overbooked the standard room so my friends and I were upgraded to the 51st floor (of 56) corner suite! Nice!. . 1.5 bathrooms, one king bed, a pullout sofa (which sucked -- better to sleep on the reg sofa -- more cushioning), and a kitchen which was perrrrfect for having pre drinking parties. . . Great service (friendly, prompt, and accomodating when we asked for 7 glasses and a whole case of water for the day after) and the hotel staff was super friendly about sneaking people in heehee... . . oh and the gym was pretty naice (though I have never before worked out while in Vegas so I really have no point of reference). . Things Against?. -No casino!! Although it may be a bonus that I couldn't gamble away all my $$. -the pool, while gorgeous, is a bit small and underwhelming. -the room was set up sort of weirdly -- so it felt small even though it was big. -the bathroom with the glass doors everywhere and open toilet -- be prepared to friendship to that next level w your friends. . Honestly, this hotel was fantastico but Vegas is VEGAS. It's supposed to be increeeeible and I wasn't blown away by this hotel. I could stay here again but I'm down for adventuring to other places as well.
Nice hotel! Very classy and modern, but they don't  have much going on. Conveniently, Aria, its sister hotel, is just a block away. You can also take a tram to Bellagio, but be prepared to walk! . . The room is an adequate size. A bit smaller than I expected, but still some space if you move the furniture around. There's a couch with a pull out bed and two flat screens (one in front of the couch and the other in front of the bed. Though I doubt you can have both on at the same time since they're mounted back to back. . . Some other nice perks were an empty mini fridge, electronically controlled shades, and a real blow dryer. . . The not so good things: . There were no Aveda products like other reviewers had mentioned. We got the deluxe suite so maybe they only have them when you upgrade? . . Not really convenient when walking to the strip.   Even though only a mile walk, it's not centrally located. It's sort of tucked away between Aria and the Cosmopolitan. . . The $20 per day resort fee and $2.40 tax or additional charge to the resort fee is ridiculous! What does it pay for? The two mini water bottles we get per day? Oh, and the death ray from the pool? . . The exorbitant resort fee is enough for me to avoid this place. Even though I only paid under $300 for two nights (through Orbitz), I feel like I was ripped off!
I stayed at Vdara only one night on a "mystery hotel" deal offered by a travel reservations website. I was just looking for a comfortable, affordable place close to the Cosmopolitan, where I was planning to spend most of my time before my flight the next day.. . Vdara did a fine job of fulfilling the basic requirements I had, but I felt the experience was lacking in areas that were less of a necessity -- the areas that might have bumped this review to 4 or 5 stars. Check in was fast and the woman at the desk was polite. She told me she would upgrade me to some sort of deluxe suite, but I'm not sure what was deluxe about it except that it was more like an apartment than a hotel room (but it seems that all rooms are like this? I could be wrong).. . The room had a dining area, kitchen, living area, work station, and a separate bedroom/bathroom. There were two water bottles included in the resort fee found in the refrigerator. Robes and slippers were comfy.. . I just read through some of the reviews here and looked through pictures. I'm seeing this large soaking tub that I was hoping for, but my bathroom just had a regular bathtub like the one I have at home. That was extremely disappointing. I also got regular Vdara toiletries instead of Aveda that I am reading about here. Are these only found in certain rooms? If so, Vdara should not advertise themselves as a fancy retreat sort of hotel if they won't provide this fancy treatment to all guests. That's not what I call service. Even if they're doing this because they want to save money, don't make it so obvious that you're cutting costs starting with me, the customer.. . There were support bars almost everywhere in the bathroom and a seat in the shower, so if you are someone that requires some stability assistance or just likes to sit while in the shower, Vdara is very accommodating.. . Complimentary wifi was great because I was tired of paying for it at the other place I stayed. It was a tiny bit spotty when I first logged on at midnight, but was working again with no problems in the morning in my room and the afternoon where I camped out at the lobby cafe with overpriced, okay food when I needed to telecommute.. . Of course, everyone should know that this is a non-gaming hotel. I like to gamble, but I was totally fine with the short walk over to the Cosmopolitan where I found $5 minimum craps tables in the morning. How could I resist?. . Vdara definitely suited my needs for the one night I needed a place to stay, but as potential for my future typical Vegas trip accommodations, it wouldn't make my top list. I wouldn't fully object to staying here again, but I certainly wouldn't be very excited.
I'm a true-blue Palazzo girl, but the man had a conference at the Bellagio so we thought we'd switch it up and stay at Vdara for the convenience factor.  . . One of the best things about this hotel is that when you walk in, you aren't slapped in the face with the smell of cigarettes.  Why?  Because it's a non-smoking hotel.  It's also a non-gambling hotel which means it's quiet when you walk in.  Ahhhh.  . . For me, the goodness mostly ends there.  The pool leaves A LOT to be desired.  The dining options are EXTREMELY limited and the restroom (inside the room itself), couldn't be any closer to the bed if the designers tried.. . The room was larger than most standard Vegas rooms (except for The Palazzo, ahem) because it also boasts a small kitchen which can be useful, I guess.  The living room area was small and the couch was very uncomfortable.  Actually, the bedroom and living room are basically just one big room with a TV wall unit separating the two.  . . The biggest plus for the room was that the bed was super comfortable.  And like I mentioned earlier, I have to take away points for the location of the restroom.  Forget the fact that it has one ofthose frosted glass doors so if you go in there in the middle of the night, the bedroom still gets illuminated if you turn on the light in the bathroom.  Dumb design. Oh, the decorators also need a little schooling on blackout shades because what they had in these rooms certainly did not fit the bill.  Sure they made the room darkER, but that's about it.  There was no blackout to be found.. . Overall, it was a pretty hotel in a great location with great access to the Bellagio, but I can't say that I would ever choose to stay there in the future.. . Viva Las Vegas.
Getting to the Vdara is but a mere illusion, walking, driving, cabbing what have you.  Driving oneself here is similar to navigating the Penrose Stairs (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penrose_stairs).  You see it but can you get to it?  Are we getting closer or just staying still?  Do we take a left, right, straight, u-turn?. . Buddy of mine booked a room (#46-034) via Priceline for about $125.  Simple, modern, functional...sterile and a great view of the Strip including Bellagio fountain...aromatic esp. the shampoo which literally smells like red starbursts.  An indoor hallway connects directly to the Bellagio.. . Cons: . 1) I have been diagnosed with multiple sclerosis after 3 nights on the couch bed.. 2) Aria is the closest hotel with tables...with the most disgruntled and possibly mute dealers.. . Save yourself the trouble and stay north at the Wynn or Venetian unless you enjoy 5k walks and believe in the secondhand smoke myth.
The Hotel itself is kind of tucked away within the City Centre. It was hard to find the entrance to the hotel because there wasn't direct access from the strip... I guess i took cabs most the time so i wasnt too concerned with this. The rooms and service at this hotel were good. I just wish it's cafe was open later then 8pm for emergency snack needs, or if I needed to get a bandaid/advil/water etc. . . The hotel does not have a casino, which is nice.. no strangers walking around the lobby, no smoke smell lingering in the halls, no noisy slot machines.... . The thing i LOVED most about this hotel, is the proximity to other City Center hotels (Aria & Cosmopolitan) thru the monorail and there is direct walking access to the Bellagio and Caesar's Palace, if you walk a little further (10-12 minutes)
3.5 stars.. . Don't get me wrong, the Vdarra is a great alternative option for accommodations on The Strip.  I like how this hotel doesn't have a casino and is smoke free.  My room was upgraded to an executive suite which included a washer/dryer, kitchen, king sized bed and a couch that converted into a mattress.  It was perfect for my group of friends and I to rest comfortably.  One thing that bugged me about the suite was that you can smell a hint of mildew (?) in the air.  Luckily it wasn't too strong and was easy to cover up with an air freshener.. . The pool area was fine. I'm in the minority of those who doesn't like to tan my skin to death so it would have been nice if there were shaded areas to lounge around in.  . . We also were not aware that the Vdarra charges a $22.40 front desk fee after our stay.  One of my girls called to inquire why we were charged for that.  The reason was that this covered the use of the pool and spa, water bottles and phone usage (which we all didn't take advantage of minus the pool).  If I stay here again, I definitely will take advantage of all of the amenities the Vdarra has to offer.
Our last stay was not what we have experienced in the past. Our room door would not close easily, there was a horrible smell in the hallway. It was not addressed until we were leaving. They adjusted our bill when we left, but had no answer about why this was not taken care of earlier. I love Vdara, but this soured me a bit
This place was ok as a hotel but for the price the rooms were too small and you had better be comfortable with the person you are sharing the room with because the bathroom door slides and didn't shut all the way and was right next to the bed so everyone in the room can hear EVERYTHING you are doing in there! Also if you stand too close to the frosted glass door everyone can see you. There's also not enough choices for food but the Aria is close enough to use their restaurants. The bed is super comfortable but I probably wouldn't return.
3.5 stars...Yelp where are the 1/2 stars!!!!!!!!. . Totally agree with a bunch of the other reviewers that the wonderful fresh smell of the lobby and throughout the hotel is a welcome change from the hotel/casinos around.  The front desk was great and got us a wonderful upgrade.  Minor glitch was that we checked in early and our first room was still being cleaned but they quickly reassigned us to an even better room!  Our room on the 48th floor had an awesome view of the strip and the water fountains at Bellagio.. . The actual rooms are nice but there are a bunch of minor complaints that I have!  I think it's silly that they don't leave robes and that they just leave you a note that says you can request for robes and slippers.  How does a 4 diamond hotel not provide robes and slippers, especially since many of their guests are Asian, slippers are a must!  Also, what's the point of a kitchen if you don't leave at least a pot and some basic plates and cutlery.  The one plus is that their housekeeping is super fast and we got everything that we requested fairly quickly.  You pay a $20 daily resort fee which includes wifi in the room.  The wifi was pretty fast.  Oh I wish that the market store was open later so that we could pick up random snacks at any time. . . Our spa experience had a couple hiccups but overall I think the spa is not bad.  We were booked for a couples facial and I guess one of the aestheticism was out sick and without informing us they split up our appointment.  So while we were each in our respective spa areas they tried to rush my other half into his facial without telling me.  Luckily my other half is good at complaining and worked everything out and rescheduled us for the next day...secretly I think he was just afraid to get his first facial without me there =).  So we got to use the spa facilities twice.  The facilities aren't large but I think quite nice - all Aveda products for use.  They even gave us a 20% discount on our services for all the troubles.. . All in all Vdara is a nice hotel but I'm not totally sure I'd go back again.  I kind of miss hearing the hustle and bustle of a casino when I walk out of the elevators!
Hotel:  The Vdara is a non-smoking facility!  Excellent!  For this reason alone, they will have my business during future visits to Las Vegas.. . City Corner Suite / 24th Floor:  Outstanding!  The largest, best appointed hotel I have had the pleasure of staying in. Fantastic view of the Bellagio Fountains.  Our floor had an excellent view, but higher floors would be even more dramatic.. . Amenities:  . Full Kitchen: with four burner electric cook-top, full size refrigerator, Kuerig coffee maker, sink with garbage disposal and dishwasher. There is a washer / dryer in the hallway.  The dryer was not vented properly and essentially did not work properly.  Note:  You can call the front desk for laundry soap and they will bring it up to your room.  They will also bring cooking equipment if you request it.. . Living Room with sleeper sofa and 42" flatscreen TV.  Note, there is an A/V panel in the cabnet below the living room TV.  This will allow you to hook up your digital devices to the TV via HDMI or RCA cables.  . . Dressing Room with large closet, safe and a dressing table / mirror.. . Bathroom with a huge soaker tub and shower with glass surround.  . . Bedroom with 42" flatscreen TV and a king size bed.  The reception for the TV was excellent.. . Location:  Set off the strip to the south of Bellagio.  There is a wonky tram that runs from the Bellagio to the Crystals shopping center, but you essentially have to walk from Vdara to Bellagio to board the tram.  Like most things in Vegas, the idea of the tram is excellent, but the execution falls short.. . Vdara is also across the street from The Cosmopolitan.  It is a somewhat confusing walk to get to this casino, even though it is next door.. . Service / House Keeping:  The service fails to live up to the fantastic facilities at this hotel.  The front desk was not especially friendly during check-in and not responsive to our requests for room service.  Keep in mind there is a steep $20/Day resort fee.  The service is why my rating is no higher than three stars. . . When we arrived there were hand prints on the windows and spots on the tile floors.  Most of this dirt stayed with us for our 4 night stay.  . . We also had issues with housekeeping not providing refills for our Kuerig coffee machine.  We had to track down housekeepers on our floor and ask for more packs of caffeinated coffee.  . . Price:  We had a fantastic price for our room ~$120 / night + fees.  We would definitely go back.  All rooms are suites and we did see a smaller room.  It did not have a separate kitchen / living room and it does not have a the washer / dryer.
This is the second most luxurious hotel I've stayed in Vegas, right behind the MGM Grand Skylofts.  Located in the City Center, its location absolutely kills the Skylofts which is at the end of strip.  Unfortunately service slightly soured my experience here.. . The trip started off on a slightly bad foot.  My boys were flying in from New Orleans while I flew in from New York.  Our arrival times were 15 minutes apart.  They arrived first, and the limo service from Vdararushed them and wouldn't wait for me.  They sent the limo back out to get me, but it ended up being a 30 minute wait.  By that point, I just decided to catch a cab.  Definitely was pretty pissed off the limo driver couldn't wait 15 minutes.  It turned into a 45 minute ordeal and an expensive cab ride.. . For this last trip, we were able to get a corner two-bedroom penthouse suite.  The rooms are nice.  Amazing views of the mountains, the strip, and The Cosmopolitan Hotel.  Super spacious, clean and modern.  The bedrooms are slightly smallish but overall quite comfortable.  The one downfall is the dreaded hotel iron.  That shit sucks balls.  In-house washer and dryer was pretty money though.. . As for the Hotel itself, the energy was slightly missing without a casino downstairs, which meant we spent a considerable amount of time walking to Aria.  This wasn't a big deal, but merely noting, if you wanted something a little bit more high energy, this place might not be for you.  Also there aren't any buffets so that meant more walking to get fed.. . For a room, it's about as good as it gets.  Super comfortable and spacious.  For an experience, there are probably better options on the strip.
My husband and I stayed here for two nights last week for the first time and I must say that my first impression of the hotel was pretty positive, but then they let me down in the end (which I'll explain later).  . . The hotel does not have a self-parking garage so you will have to valet it each time you arrive/leave.  We arrived a couple of hours before check-in time, but they allowed us to check-in early which was nice.  The thing that was most unique about the hotel was that they don't have a casino inside so it's "kid friendly" if you're sensitive to that type of stuff.  . . The room was nice and modern with plenty of space for the two of us.  Our room had a small kitchen with a two burner stove, fridge, sink and small dining table for four.  There was a sofa and flat screen t.v. in the living room area and on the other side was our bed and another flat screen t.v.  The bathroom was a good size, but I did notice the water does not keep it's temperature well.  It goes from cold to extremely hot when trying to adjust the temp slightly.. . We had a great view of the Bellagio fountain as well as the Eiffel tower, but I did notice we could hear the freeway noise a bit from our room so not sure if I'll choose that side again.  Now for the bad part.. . The e-mail promotion we booked our reservations through said that there was a $50 daily resort credit.  The Vdara Resort Credit can be used towards: Spa & Salon Vdara, Bar Vdara, Market Cafe, and In-Room Dining.  That was word for word of what the actual e-mail said.  My husband also went up to the counter to find out exactly what we could use the credit for just to be sure and the person behind the counter said that we could use it at the market cafe.  So, we bought goods from the market cafe both days for a total of $100 that we were supposed to get a credit for when checking out.  Turns out, the credit is only valid for "behind the counter goods" in the market and NOT for anything else in the store.  The e-mail didn't specify that nor did the person working at the check-in desk?!  After much arguing we ended up paying a portion of the $100, which still made me mad because we felt deceived.  It was a sour ending to what was a really great trip to Vegas and I don't think we'll be staying there in the future.
Ok so my first real Las Vegas experience....super excited!  What I like about this hotel that it was really clean, our room were really nice, and was very chill since there wasnt a casino in the hotel, and the staff were very accomdating. My biggest grip was that it was not easy access to the strip!  Everytime we went somewhere we had to cab it.  I wouldnt object staying here again but this wouldnt be my first choice!
I'm not surprised this place has a 3.5-star average. A clear step below Wynn/Encore, Bellagio, Cosmo for wow factor. It's very nice.  It's just not that nice. As the review count has piled up I'll limit mine to a few tips in summary of our stay.. . THE SAGA WITH THE VIEW:. Though we booked from an external travel site as a part of a package, don't be misled by the "upgraded view."  Wife booked & added a modest upgrade (additional fee) on the travel site to get a room with a view.  Called right after booking to inquire and/or request a Bellagio fountain view.  Told "No prob, call back on morning of your stay (2 mos later) to confirm."  . . [You guessed it gentle reader ! ]  Morning of, Desk Agent #1 @ hotel--"you are confirmed for 'pool view,' that is all your reservation guarantees, cannot offer you more."  . Wife--"but we don't arrive until midnight."  She is given number for "external reservations agent.". Agent #2 --"Sure, no prob, you are confirmed for a Fountain view. Enjoy your stay.". . Arrive on delayed flight @ 1am Las Vegas time [You guessed it !, dang, you're good, reader!]     Desk Agent:  "So sorry, we could not confirm that preference for your booking. But you do have a pool view!"  [pool view= overlooking taxi pull up of Aria, & if lean face against window, can see pool sitting in its vacant, winter glory.]  . . Wrapping up the long part:  they did move us to Fountain view on floor #31 (Room 31-008) the next day.  Completely worth the move!  Views= incredible @ a fraction of the price of a Cosmopolitan fountain terrace room.. . STAFF OTHERWISE:  Elevator guys, business center attendant, doormen, front desk, & taxi stand guy are all very pleasant to deal with.  . . ROOM LAYOUT & FEATURES:  Other reviews are accurate--bed is comfy, tv is good, bathroom is spacious, in-room art is pleasant. Blackout shades are far from it, but we mostly slept in the 2-9a range, not living la vida loca, so we were ok.. . HOUSEKEEPING:  Rooms both clean. Daily service was poor. Didn't pick up glasses in room (cough:::carried over from another resort); left us without a single hand towel when making up room after Day #2. Wife called requesting turndown service on Day #1 @630 pm, told "sorry, need to request before 5" !!. . SHOWERHEADS:  Oh yes, believe those other reviews.  This place boasts its "green" qualifications.  Why would anyone think they would stop short of small-capacity toilets, and restrictive-flow shower heads ?  This is not the rainforest shower you were hoping to wash away all the tension in your life.  It's true... you're going to have to work at removing the conditioner in your hair.  Wife took all baths, with exception of a single shower to wash hair, during our stay.. . WALKING TO OTHER RESORTS:  Aria is easy, stay left of the taxi stand, take the sidewalk; don't go right, you'll have to walk right through the middle of the driveway around taxi traffic!  Bellagio likewise is just a short walk way & you're there coming into the conference area, shops, garden, past front desk to the casino floor.  Cosmo was clearly re-planned when MGM sold it off.  You have to work to get there!  Best route: to the left by the taxi stand, down the outdoor staircase (you're then walking briefly through the service alley!) into the street level parking / taxi entrance to the floor of Cosmo (highly recommend the Chandelier Bar & Wicked Spoon buffet there).. . THE VERDICT:  Since I started writing this review, I've changed from 4* to 3* back to 4* and finally *3.  You'll see what I mean when you stay.  Proximity to City Center/ Bellagio / Cosmo & the possible view of fountains (but see above!) are awesome.  Stayed here after Encore & Wynn last 2 visits.  It's not in the same bracket as those.  We're unlikely to stay here again because of the choices available (and because I am a Steve Wynn nut).  But if you find good rate, when they're not full from conventions, book here with confidence.
Location sucks, not meant to be a hotel, tricky billing.. . I will not stay here again.   It's far from everything.  Yes, the room is nice, but it's meant to be a condo.  Everything is so spread out.  . . They gave me a $100 food & beverage credit.  Great!  When I used it to buy an overpriced bottle of wine at the hotel store they said that was merchandise instead of food & beverage.  So really the credit is only for PREPARED food and PREPARED coffee ($4/cup!).  Of course, they don't tell you this when you buy the wine - only when you check out.  Gotcha!. . In the morning, the only place to get a cup of coffee is the "market cafe" and the line is LONG!  Who needs that?  But you're trapped!  In the morning you don't want to walk a 1/2 mile to the nearest alternative?. . Anyway... despite the cheap price this is not a great place to stay.  It is mighty swanky, though, just beause it is so new.
We usually stay at the Aria when we are in Vegas, but this time we decided to live life on the wild side and stay at the Vdara.  . All in all, the whole experience was very nice.  Staffs were friendly, nice rooms, complimentary valet, BUT the bed was soooooo uncomfortable!  We stayed there six nights and not one night did we have a good night sleep.  The mattress felt hard and the pillows were too low.. Next time we come back to Vegas, we will be staying at the Aria, no more living life on the wild side.
If you want a nice, relatively quiet place in Vegas, the Vdara is definitely for you.  That's generally not what I want in Vegas, but the Aria is so close, it makes that less of a factor.. Lots of cool touches. -doorbells on the rooms (nice to not have to hear people knocking at doors down the hall).. -button inside the room for Do Not Disturb and Housekeeping that changes the color of the light around the doorbell to alert the housekeeping staff. -Market Cafe has good food, although they're pretty slow.. -Master light switch that cuts off all lights in the room. -Automatic shades. -two free 12 oz water bottles left in the room each day by housekeeping.  . -housekeeping exceeded expectations with lots of nice little touches (like putting my dirty laundry in a laundry bag).  . -overall, the rooms are very nice aesthetically - but I'm more of a functional guy, so this doesn't carry a whole lot of weight with me beyond that it's clean and has a good TV.  . . Things I didn't like:. -The alarm clock is idiotically designed. Any alarm clock that you can look at for more than 3 seconds and not know how to set the alarm is poorly designed.. -The bed is a bit hard for my taste. -There was a pair of dirty tighty whities sitting on the shelf in the closet when I arrived. Seriously. Although I guess this was good for a few laughs, which is  a positive!. -The shampoo/body wash they provide is in a square bottle, and you can't really squeeze them out. Really, really stupid design.. -uber-cheap towels - felt like sand paper. This is just unacceptable for a place trying to be high end.  More like an EconoLodge.. -Similarly, really cheap toilet paper.  Hey, little things like this are important!  =). -Drinks at the bar are absurdly expensive (typical for the high end places in Vegas).  $11 for a Jack and Coke.  . -Electrical outlets weren't very well placed - this is inexcusable for a new hotel.  There was no outlet were I could plug in my phone and leave it within reach of the bed, and finding an outlet accessible for the iron was impossible without moving stuff around.  . . Vdara falls into the category of "I'd stay there again, but it's far from my top choice."
Throughout this review I've debated between 3 and 4.. . Yes, there is no casino, but that isn't a problem at all. The point of staying here is to be in the middle of the craziness that is Vegas but have a nice quiet hotel room to stroll into at 6am.  And since there is no casino the rooms are cheaper than Aria. However, don't come here in groups just yet. They don't offer a 2 bedroom room, so it really is for couples. . . The desk and all other staff were very nice and attentive. The parking was confusing which is a (-) but the staff helped us figure it out very quickly(+). . The room is very nice, pull out bed, nice decor and great view. My friends and I were very impressed with the room and ended up laying on the bed and couch, playing with the TV for 90 minutes when we just wanted to place our bags and leave again (maybe childish...but isn't Vegas the adult playground?). . Choices are pretty limited in Vdara. It's not a great overall hotel for a "Vegas experience." However, for those who want to relax and enjoy a nice luxurious vegas hotel, this is great.  It's a beautiful looking hotel, but just not my type of Vegas experience.. . I'd stay here again, just not very often.
Not bad!
The hotel is very nice and clean. My boyfriend and I decided to stay here to try something new. We usually stay right on the strip. When we first walked into the room, we were pleasantly surprised. It exceeded my expectations. Unfortunately about 5 minutes after we arrived, we were in the entry area and we heard the door unlock and a strange man walked in with his luggage. Apparently the hotel booked this room for 2 parties. We called down and they didn't do much about it but say sorry once. I was expecting a little more for a very uncomfortable situation and a big mistake on their part. At least breakfast the next day. ANYTHING! We spoke to a couple different employees about it and didn't receive any compensation. Thank God we were fully dressed and had just got their ourselves. If the situation was any different, we would've made a bigger deal about it. After that ordeal, we went to get into our mini bar for a soda and it was locked. Called downstairs again and they proceeded to unlock it, which didn't work. She said she would send up someone from maintenance to help us out. After waiting for awhile we decided to  just leave. We didn't want to waste time sitting in our room for a coke when it was our first night in Vegas. All in all the guy never showed up. I was expecting alittle better customer service from such a highly rated hotel. I was less than pleased. Not taking away from how nice the room was or how clean everything was kept, but I probably will not stay here again because of this stay. Also, it is a little walk from the strip. We did enjoy our room though after all was said and done.
Our first stay at the Vdara was a mixed bag: mostly positive, offset by a batch of odd inconveniences. On the positive side: very attractive and well-appointed rooms, amazing location in City Center, walking distance to Aria, a non-casino hotel with a very friendly staff.. . However, the friendly staff seemed uniformly underinformed. When my wife asked about using the pool, she learned that it was closed, but she could hike half a mile and use the pool at Aria. She hiked, only to find out that Aira pool didn't open until 9 A.M. No one bother to mention that fact. When she returned to Vdara, she was told she could use the jacuzzis in the fitness center. She wandered around the spa level looking for the jacuzzis, only to be told that she could use the fitness room (very crowded already), but would need to pay another $20 to use the spa. The "resort fee" didn't include that little extra. . . Other odd invconvenience include the mysterious locations and functions of the light switches in the room. You can't turn on lamp A without first having turned on switch B, which is not only across the room, but in the kitchenette. As another reviewer pointed out the "suite" aspect means that you walk through a kitchenette to reach the bedroom. . . Our room was very comfortable as a place to spend time, and not just a crash pad. The sofa was comfy, but positioned at a90-degree angle to the TV (which didn't matter to us, since we don't watch TV). . . The bathroom had one little peg about half the size of your little finger, but no hooks or racks for hanging clothes or towels. There's a closet in the bathroom, but it's not deep enough for the standard hangers provided in the main closet. No bathrobes (as similar properties in Las Vegas provide). Hard time finding washclothes. However, the free-standing tub was VERY nice. . . Bring a flashlight or your own nightlight, because the bathroom sliding door is translucent glass, which is very fashionable until someone wants to use the bathroom at 2 A.M. Thankfully, one of the bathroom lights is on a rheostat, but can't be turned down low enough to prevent a flood of light on the remaining sleepers. . . This may be getting picky, but the elevators were always hot, as tho there was no air ciruculation at all. Small point, but it is just one more minor discomfort that adds up to a general feeling of something being not quite right.. . Overall, we enjoyed our first experience at Vdara, but wouldn't choose it again over other places we have stayed in Las Vegas. Too bad. It seemed like a place that was designed by a very creative person who never stayed in hotels.
Location/design: this hotel has many very odd and confusing designs. The driving entrance and lanes leading to parking/valet are HORRIBLY DESIGNED!! It is very confusing to drive into the hotel..it is not on the front of the strip, you have to turn onto the side street...then you have to find a TINY ramp on the side with a small sign that says Vdara. we missed it twice and had to uturn to get in. Why did they make such a TINY, out of the way entrance to the hotel? do they not want to people to come here or to be able to find it? is this supposed to be part of their "cool/modern/exclusive" aesthetic??. Then once you get on this tiny, out-of-place ramp the parking situation is additionally CONFUSING and HORRIBLY designed!!!! there's several more crazy openings leading to self-parking or valet or leaving back to the streets. when we got in, we almost got onto the one leading right back into the street, cuz the tiny openings are everywhere and so confusing...and it makes you drive in circles... this place is horribly designed. then when we were leaving, we were driving the right way to go back to the strip (there were no "wrong way" arrows anywhere) and then in the lane next to the one that's supposed to lead you the strip is the lane for valet but it was so confusing i drove on to the valet lane and the guy just stopped and gave us a dirty look and said WRONG WAY you have to LEAVE and so we had to back out into the dangerous intersection of confusing lanes and risk getting crashed into just cuz they wouldn't let us circle back around using the valet lane... . The location was good for us, cuz we just wanted to go to Marquee. It was a short maybe 10 min? walk to Marquee in the Cosmopolitan which is right next door. However it was freezing cold at night and we had to walk outside to get to it! The location is pretty centrally located on the strip. Except, it's located a little in the back of the cosmopolitan so that you can't see it or get to it directly from the front of the strip.... . Customer service - SUCKS!!!! The check-in only had two people working even though there were like 7 check-in lanes. It was sooooo slowwww!!! and we were in a rush cuz we speeded there to get to the club since we were only staying for one night. i was soooo annoyed!!! and there's no line...so this other party of girls who i'm not sure was there before me or not got served before us. and the workers don't even acknowledge you when you walk to the check-in to let you know "we'll be with you shortly" or to let you know if you're next in the non-existent "line". . . Price - good compared to the other hotel prices i found online at the time. it was similarly priced to other older/less modern/ less aesthetically-pleasing hotels, and to hotels also in good location on strip. BUT i am not happy with the $28 "resort fee"!! when the only extra thing we get is a couple small bottles of water...and there is nothing else to do in the hotel, no casino... . aesthetics: the hotel is new and pretty modern-looking...but when compared to the Cosmo next door t's def not as fancy or pretty-looking, it is pretty plain. and it has no casino or anything to do, so the lobby area is pretty small, and you just either go to the elevator to get to your room...or go outside to go to cosmo lol. . We got the Suite with a king-size bed and queen-size couch bed. The room looked nice and modern i was happy with it! however i slept on the queen size bed and i wasn't happy with it cuz i was really cold because they didnt have any sheets or blankets for the queen size bed :((((
Wasn't exactly too impressed with the Vdara.  . . First off, it was freezing cold during our stay here.  The Vdara is remotely located so you have to walk outside to get to the Aria, Crystals, or the Cosmopolitan.  It doesn't sound so bad, but imagine when it's freezing cold and windy outside.  Also, the wind seems to circle outside the Vdara..  Yes, it was painful running back and forth from the Aria!. . Secondly, Vdara bills itself as a hotel spa.  Umm, the spa was very lackluster but SUPER expensive as well.  I got a hot stone manicure, which is a basic manicure + 10 minutes of rubbing two hot stones on my arms.  $65..  I was expecting much more for that price. . The spa was an additional $20..  It's upstairs and itty bitty.  There's a hot tub that will fit about 8 people max.  Everything except your own makeup is provided..  The vanity area was well lit and very clean.. . Now on to the rooms....  The mini suites had a kitchenette so it's useful if you plan on a longer stay.  The rooms were clean and bright, very similar to a room you'd find at the W..  . . $25 Resort fee.  Umm, the pool was closed.  They have free wi-fi, but that's all you're getting for the fee.  Not worth it.. . There is a small cafe and bar downstairs.  Be prepared to head elsewhere if you're in search of dining, entertainment, or some nightlife.
The rooms are spacious, clean and new. The reason for 3 stars is personal for me. When I go to Vegas, I like to be in the middle of the action. While the location of this hotel is central, there is absolutely 0 fun in the hotel itself. There is no casino, no restaurants, really nothing at all. So if you are looking for only a room - stay here. But if you're looking for a true Vegas experience - try the other City Center hotels - Cosmopolitan and Aria - you'll be eating and playing there anyway.
For a new hotel in Vegas, it is great.  The room was very nice.  Service was very average, but seems to be the norm for Vegas.  The pool was small and disappointing.  No bar or food service.
I'd definitely say this is a decent option when visiting Vegas.  While far from perfect, the pros definitely outweighed the cons.. . Pros:. - No casino.  The lobby was never crowded and the hotel in general was pretty quiet.. - Excellent, spacious rooms.. - Kitchenette in room.. - Friendly staff.  Quick to respond to requests or issues.. . Cons:. -  Not directly on the strip.. - Broken items (Blow Dryer, Remote). - No outlets near the bed.. . While there are a handful of things I'd change, I really did enjoy my stay here.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  The more low key environment and the spacious rooms make this a quality option.  However, if you're going to Vegas to party or plan to spend the vast majority of your time gambling, you might want to look into other places to stay.
A bit of a pretender... professes to be a high end hotel and the furnishings certainly support this but then come the details and that is where there is room for improvement.. . Pros:. Quiet. Excellent mattresses . . Cons:. No outlets near the bed. Gimmicky window blinds/shades with electric motors but which still let light in. Not a pencil or pen to be found anywhere. Kitchenette but  no kitchen supplies like pots or cutlery or cups - those have to be ordered. No coffee or coffee maker. Only one hanger/hook in the bathroom. Very weak shower. The room is somewhat overcrowded with furniture which is set up in an unusual manner. DUST ! - we saw housekeeping dust the room daily and after half a day everything was covered in dust again! You better not be allergic - there has to be a problem with the air conditioning - quite unreal.. The speed checkout via the TV didn't work for us - still had to go to the lobby to check out.. Overall OK but quite gimmicky!. The WiFi is very slow and unreliable - this is a problem for this type of hotel.
This was originally going to be a 4 star review, but the lack of a personal response from management turned it into a 3.. . I was planning on asking for management in order to share my concerns during checkout, but as others have stated, the lines were so long we didn't want to wait.  Instead I emailed these concerns to guest services and only got a form letter response.  I feel I put enough time into writing my concerns that they warranted a personal response.  I want to provide them with this feedback to make the experience better for future guests.. . My wife and I stated at the Vdara for our anniversary in May 2012.  We both thought the hotel was very nice, and enjoyed our stay, but there were several items that kept it from being the "three diamond" experience they so heavily advertise.. . When we checked into our room and did a quick inspection of the room, we noticed the minibar was locked, the TV in the "living room" area didn't work, and the guest refrigerator on the right was slightly cooler than lukewarm.  I called the front desk and they told me they would open the mini-bar remotely.  I called housekeeping and they said they'd send a technician up for the TV.  The technician came up and fixed the TV by reconnecting a cable in the back.  I asked him about the fridge and he said it needed to be defrosted.  I let it go, since it was more trouble than it was worth, and it at least provided a minimum amount of refrigeration.  . . Two hours later, I checked the minbar and it was still locked.  I called the front desk again and they said they'd have to send someone to look at it, but since it was after 5PM it would have to be the next day.  Nobody came or contacted me otherwise for the rest of the weekend, and the minibar stayed shut.  It is probably still broken.  Luckily I had a cooler that I used with ice from the hall machine to keep the wine and champagne that I bought in the lobby cold.. . Saturday morning the bedside alarm went off at 5:30AM, waking us both up.. . I recommend to management that they add the following items to the maid service routine: check the minibar to see if it opens, check the TVs to see if they turn on, check the fridge for refrigeration, and turn off the alarm.  This would be three diamond service.. . Another couple of notes.  In the hallway, one of the lights was burned out.  It was a ceiling light shining on the wall paintings between 29036 and 29038.  It may still be burned out as I write this.. . Finally, the parking situation is difficult because of the poor signage.  Driving up to the hotel, I went down a closed road and had to back up and go around twice until I could figure out how to get to the valet.  Leaving, we went out the wrong exit and had to turn around to get back to the strip.  With aggressive cab drivers it is particularly challenging.  It would be relatively easy to redesign the signage to point out specifically where one has to drive to get to the valet.  For example, if they were to place one large sign on the spot where the current small Vdara "loop" sign sits, showing a diagram with ALL four (five?) road options that diverge from the front of the hotel, and label each of them, the problem will be minimized.  The valet affirmed that I was not the first person to complain about this.. . We liked the fact that there was no casino and no smoke.  The pool was nice although crowded even on a super hot day.  We didn't notice the death ray reflections from the other buildings that other critics have talked about - the large umbrella helped.  We'll come back, and hopefully will get a fully functioning room next time.
Its like a veneer of cool. The hotel is really modern and at first glance kind of cool but when you take the time to really look...Youll notice that its kind of fake luxury. The furniture, wall paper , fixtures make you feel like you are in an Ikea show room. The pillows were un useable..  Really wish we had stayed at Wynn instead.
Yes, I am rating this lower than Imperial Palace. A few gripes:. . 1) It is impossible to figure out how to get to this hotel by car. There is only one ramp entrance, and it so well-hidden it would win in hide-and-seek.. . 2) We paid for the Vdara Suite, but due to the high occupancy on Memorial Day Weekend, we were downgraded to a tiny room WITHOUT being told so!!! Imagine downgrading from a suite that is supposed to have two rooms, a full-sized fridge, and TWICE the square footage of the tiny single room you're "mistakenly" assigned to. Thankfully, some angry ranting fixed the problem for the following night, which included an upgrade to the Executive Suite, $100 in room service credit, and complimentary champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries.. . 3) Free wifi is unreliable on the iPhone.. . 4) The shower walls are transparent, so if you're taking a dump, you'll get a show. And vice versa, except not so pleasant for the person showering.. . But I guess it has some perks:. . 1) It is ridiculously close to Marquee Dayclub and Nightclub at the Cosmopolitan, so you don't have to taxi back. Just make sure you're sober enough to take advantage of the short distance.. . 2) Parking is mandatory valet, which is convenient.. . 3) It doesn't have a casino since it's the sister of Aria, so it's slightly cheaper.. . 4) The interior is beautiful, hip, and modern.. . 5) The downstairs cafe has bomb iced coffee, apparently.. . I'm still miffed about the room mixup though. Not cool.
Oh Vdara, if only I was writing a review for your actual hotel room, I'd give you 5-stars, but unfortunately due to your poor management, you definitely would NEVER deserve 5. . . I booked the "Vdara Suite" (800 sq ft vs the 500 sq ft of the regular deluxe room) in February for Memorial Day Weekend (yes..3 freakin months in advance), knowing prices were going to go ridiculously high as MDW got closer. Once arriving on Saturday, after waiting in a ridiculously long and slow moving line in the lobby, I checked-in thinking everything was a-ok. Too bad once I arrived to the room, I was shocked by how small it was. Um...this definitely CANNOT be a suite--one, it only had 1 bathroom, no separate kitchen, and everything was much more cramped than what I remembered in the pictures online. I called the front desk to see if there was a mistake and of course, they put us in the wrong room. . . So giving them the benefit of the doubt and knowing MDW is one of Vegas' busiest weekends, I figured it was a small mistake and they could move us to our actual room quickly. Too bad they end up telling us because it is MDW, they completely sold out of rooms and OVERBOOKED so they had no choice but to DOWNGRADE us into a smaller room. Apparently, hotwire or expedia sold more Vdara rooms than they had available, so in order to accommodate those rooms, they kicked a few of us who  actually BOOKED ON VDARA'S WEBSITE into their regular rooms. . . To compensate for this "mistake" they did offer us $100 room service credit and $60 off our two-night stay (which wasn't much of a discount considering we booked it 3 months ahead--so our room was already cheap to begin with and they were going off the current-day rates) but ONLY after we complained and made them realize they put us in the wrong room. To think they weren't even going to tell us they managed to downgrade our reservation, until we walked in and realized something was off about our initial room, is ridiculous.. . I heard good things about Vdara and had high hopes for a good stay here, but unfortunately I will not be coming back.
The hotel is pretty nice...nothing mind.blowing though. Considering they have a kitchen setup I hoped they would have a bigger fridge (could only fit 2 bottles of wine and nothing else) . . they charge 25 a night "resort fee" which includes wi fi which does.not.work very well. . Also heads up they charge $130 a night for.icidentals which they make you sign a waiver stating that they will hold your $$ for 10 days....crazy!
meehhhhhh... this hotel is ALRIGHT... had some troubling experiences here during EDC weekend....... I don't really want to talk about it too much on here. Let's just say their staff is unprofessional and not very friendly and courteous. It's not what you expect from a 5 star resort. It is very modern and beautiful, that I will agree on... but their rooms are not very impressive. We booked the corner suite and thought it'd be nice and a bit spacious.. when we arrived it felt cramped and I felt claustrophobic because it was so small and basically you are stuck in a square. Everything is connected and the guy from house keeping told us that Vdara was suppose to be condo's and you can definitely see it in the layout. The suites come with a kitchen (stove, dishwasher and fridge) but none of the tools to cook.. you have to call house keeping for pots/pans and forks and plates. It was weird how it wasn't just stocked in the kitchen for guests to use. I felt like a pain in the arse to house keeping because everything I needed was not in the room beforehand. I don't know if I'd stay here again, plus it's pretty expensive and I could spend that much elsewhere and be much happier.......
Getting to Vdara or just the City Center makes you go in circles, literally. So after getting onto the correct ramp and taking the correct "exit here" sign, we pulled up to the VALET ONLY parking, which is FREE but we just tipped.. . Walking into the lobby, the concierge is up front, there's a bar, sitting area and the tram that you can take back to Monte Carlo I believe. FYI, I didn't know that Vdara was a non-gaming hotel. Before you can even get to the elevators, you must show your room key or the old probably ex strip club bouncers won't let you thru. Maybe because the hotel is so damn tall, but the elevators were shaky all the way up. They were pretty fast, but I've been to the Empire State Building ... I don't remember that elevator shaking left to right. . . Once you walk out of the elevators, the floors look like a high end condo or apartments. My cousin's suite was a corner suite which was nice since it only shared one wall. The suite was nice, windows galore with views of the Cosmopolitan, PH and the rest of the strip. No matter where you are, sunsets are pretty and there was a good 180degree view from the room. The blinds were those automatic control blinds with the remote control. There was a half bath off the entrance, table for 4, kitchen with fridge, oven, stove top & microwave. You had your living room, flat screen, desk in the corner with views of the strip. The bedroom was a king bed and I don't know where they got there sheets, but they had to have been 1000 thread count! LOL. Softest hotel sheets ever! The bathroom was pretty big, glassed in shower, two sinks, soaking tub also with strip views.. . All in all, its a nice hotel. Would I stay here?! Maybe. It sucks that its a non-gaming hotel, because what happens when you get bored?! You can't just go down and play on some machines. You'd have to gown down and walk next door to Aria. Also, some of the finishes in the room looked like "luxury" but you could tell they weren't. But it the location is good because you're pretty much in the center of the strip and getting to other hotels is easy. And there's a tram that you can take.
Vdara is a nice hotel, but it is not a 5-star one (as advertised). Some features are nice like the in-room kitchen (that you probably won't use), electronic housekeeping and privacy status, and 2 TVs. It's the little things that make a hotel 5 stars and it is the combination of a lot of small mis-steps that lower Vdara to 3-stars.. .  * Check-in/check-out - quick check-in and easy TV-based check-out 4/5. .  * Room - decent size with entry kitchenette, and bed on one side of entertainment console/desk and sofa on the other 4/5. .  * Bed - King size bed is standard. Couch can be a 2nd bed (good for kids?) 4/5. .  * Bathroom - Seperate shower & tub (deep, but narrow with stopper in middle) with 1 sink 3/5. .  * Housekeeping - 2 days didn't clean room without calling; 2 bottles of water included, but missing 2/5. .  * Amenities - very basic amenities. Bonus: ask for slippers & robe 3/5. .  * Pool - basic Vegas pool with stellar service. Older crowd 3/5. .  * Parking - Valet only. No Self Parking 2/5. .  * Location - you are off the Strip and must go thru Aria, Bellagio, or Cosmopolitan to get to the strip. Why not just stay at one of those? 2/5. .  * Atmosphere - Quiet... Really quiet. Does smell great inside & is smoke free 2/5. .  * Casino - none. Go elsewhere or stay elsewhere for fun 1/5. .  * Restaurants - one lobby bar which is ... a lobby bar 1/5. .  * View - we had a partial view of Bellagio fountains and Paris hotel 3/5. .  * WiFi - "free" with $25 resort fee; worked in room, pool, and lobby 4/5. .  * Value - $25 resort fee + $3 Tax adds up. So do taxi rides to actually go anywhere else. Plan at least $20/day for those, too. 2/5. .  * Oddity - On 2nd day, a stranger opened our door with a key and then quickly apologized and left. Called front desk to warn them and was told "it happens sometimes." Well, not to me it hadn't before.... .  * Overall - Vdara met our needs for a quiet place to sleep, but it also felt isolated and boring. We spent much of our time going to other hotels ... Hotels we could of stayed at for just a little more than Vdara.
Oh, Vdara. I wish I could like you more, but you're not as wonderful as you look on the outside.. . Check-in was at 3 p.m., but since me and my friends arrived around 11 a.m., we wanted to see if they could check us in early. The front desk said they'd have the room ready in the next two hours. 1 p.m. arrived and there was no phone call about being able to check-in yet. It was almost 3 p.m. and by then, we went back to the front desk and they said it was still not ready. What?! At first, they said it would take another half hour or so before we'd be able to go up and I'm not sure what happened, but after a couple of minutes, they said it was ready and we were on our way up.. . Although we got a nice, panoramic view of Vegas, we were a bit disappointed to find trash still underneath the sink, sticky table tops, traces of dry vomit on the sheets, and empty bottles left in the refrigerator. While they were very professional about taking care of the situation, it was still frustrating having to call the manager and explain the situation when all this could have been avoided if it was cleaned properly the first time.. . Not sure if I'd consider checking-in here again, but the hotel did do its job for the weekend. I'm just glad to be back home now - sans vomit-stained bed.
The hotel has the biggest rooms I have ever stayed in.Me and my family (5 including me).. Pros:. -Kitchen in the hotel. -Very Nice Hotel. -2 entrance bathroom(Only in the CityCorner suites). . Cons:. -Only 1 King Bed and 1 sofa Queen.(average 2 queens). -Not Kid friendly (Good or Bad). .       Me giving a 3 is because the service was not good.When we checked in(2-3 Pm) ,the employee told us that the room was not finished.We waited for a little over an hour and my dad decided to ask the customer service desk and we were told that 1 side of room's shades were broken.Later the employee gave us ONLY 2 keys and told us that the mechanic would come to fix the shades at 7:00 Pm.That was a good time for us because we would be out for dinner.. I would give this hotel a 4 like how my dad does it,but the horrible service makes it a three.When we went into our room,the view was horrible.We paid more money for a bigger room with a better view,but we didn't get a good view and the room was in bad shape.We asked the front desk for a better view,but another view faces the freeway and the Rio hotel and Casino.ONCE AGAIN,MGM...........................FIX YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!. . Room:4 stars. Service:2 stars
*FIRST TIME REVIEW FOR VDARA*. . i arrived here for my stay at Vdara for the 8/8/12-8/10/12..i sure wouldve stayed an extra day if it didnt cost me a whole body or two to stay here! . . my bf and i drove to vegas and when we first got here, we were a bit confused at their valet system because the roads were a lil weird since they share it with Aria. but we got the hang out of it, right when we got our of car..we were imediately greeted and offered for bell hop service. we politely declined and moved onto the lobby.. . front desk-. i got here around 2pm (since that is the check in time for several hotels) so i guess that would be a reason why the line was going really slow to check in. but NO, it was because they only had TWO employees/ladies working the frront desk and had two needy ass couples they had to dealt with. so the line i was in which did have 3 people waiting to check in (including myself) turned into 12 people in line! you would think they would call for back up or something. no they didnt..they did have a random guy in the front desk area who had glasses on with a caramel complexion just walking back and front and doing nothing. i didnt get it. front desk was a breeze after 25 mins waiting in line. i had to ask for my complimentary buffet tickets (which i wish i didnt have to because it should be a given) and the weird thing was usually every hotel ive been at usually asks if i would like to upgrade my room..they didnt, but if they did i think i wouldve. $$ lost for them and btw $25 for resort fees each night PLUS  an extra $3 resort tax to it each day as well. total $56 bucks! yes, its ridiculous!. . the room-. we got the standard deluxe suite and the room was amazingly clean. i loved the dark wood decor and modern feel to it. i was a little bit dissapointed in the size of the room. i mean, i knew it was their standard room but i wouldve just called it a deluxe room instead of a suite...prb because it had a mini kitchen thats why they had to call it a suite? LOL.. . we did use their kitchen to save money on us buying food out on the strip, their fridge SUCKS in size/space!!! i mean cmon why give us a kitchen if we cant store the food we bring in it. it was like the depth of a boot size shoe box. i had to sit on the floor and reconfigure every container of meat i brought so the door can close! their electric stove IS amazing though...i dont why there wasnt any dish soap or even a place to hang your dry dishes after you washed them..so i had to improvise by using their bathsoap to wash. . . the bathroom was on the small size in my opinion but every amenity in there was a great. we used the bathtub - which was a decent  size and the shower can fit two people but it was smaller than what i was used to. the countertop/sink area was on the small size for me as well..i had to move their vdara products and bath dishes to my bf's side because it was so small for me to put all of my bath necessities there.. . the view was great and the bed was probably THE MOST AMAZING BED i ever slept on. my bf and i would be so damn tired from the day/night's events and when we woke up the next day -we were def refreshed and none of our muscles ached!. . the hotel itself-. vdara doesnt tolerate any smoking nor does it have a casino. at first i thought it wouldnt be a problem but since my bf and i do like to gamble here and there..it wouldve been nice to gamble inside of our own hotel. although it was a nice change and i could see vdaras view on why they did so. we didnt mind walking to aria or bellagio to gamble and eat anyways. i didnt see why people were complaining about the walk from vdara to the strip...youre gonna walk everywhere and for a good amount of distrance anyways! vdara didnt have a great selection or should i say nearly any resturant/food options..they had a lil market area but that place was so overpriced than usual vegas prices...because it was organic and all the natural fancy nancy foods haha. so my bf and i just ate at aria or any other close by estashblishments. . . would i stay here again or not? -. . most likely not, although i did enjoy the convience of the location and modern amaneties..it didnt live up to some of the cons i had for this hotel. i think im more drawn and spoiled from my last stay at cosmopolitan. i would  probably stay next door to Aria since it did have the ameneties i was looking for and etc;or back to cosmo.
I have mixed feelings for this hotel because I came here with a group of girls. I think it isn't really a good place for a group but aside from that the room is beautiful, the bathroom is great, the shower is good and the view in the city corner suite is amazing.. . I think in general, I love the innovations that Vdara has made. Yes it's a non-gaming hotel which I like a lot since there is a lot less fuss when you walk in about navigating your way to the elevators to get into your rooms. There is also a lot less smoke which is always nice. . . I do like the innovative way in which you can open and close your blinds, except one of ours was stuck and didn't work at all so I think with technology comes some challenges. It was also confusing getting our room cleaned, apparently we have to press some buttons and someone accidentally pressed the do not disturb. Although I like this idea, haha I still like the traditional door tag a little better.. . The bed was comfortable, the shower was good but for a lot of girls and only one shower with a bathroom that does not have a door? Even if I'm staying with a significant other I don't want to use the toilet in front of them. How weird! . . The mini kitchen was nice, but I think we were promised some kind of media station and that did not happen. Overall I'd stay here again, but I don't know if it would be worth full price considering some of the traditional amenities you'd get in more traditional Vegas hotels and the price you pay for all the gadgets in Vdara...
I recently stayed here for my b-day and a mini family get-a-way. Over all my experience was so-so? When staying at hotels like Vdara I expect to have a wonderful experience.  When In fact it was quite the opposite. When booking our stay we were offered a $50 room credit, but when checking out they were not going to apply it, until we reminded them. Also, when booking they asked the nature of our stay. I told them it was for my bday, and I was taking my family there who where coming from Michigan. They did not acknowledge my b-day  during our stay (disappointment). We decided to stay at Vdara because the rooms where built to be like apartments. They have a kitchen in them, which is great when you are coming with your family. You can make and prepare food in your room. But upon our arrival we discovered they did not offer any kind of kitchen utensiles, pots, pans, etc... Which just seems ridiculous! Why would you have a kitchen with out providing these items? No one travels with cooking equipment! Not even a coffee machine in the room, or a tea selection! Which is standard in any room I have stayed in. And I travel frequently..world wide! Ohh, yeah and they double charged us for our stay. Now dealing with the credit card companies and hotel. That is extra annoying! . . On a positive note, the hotel was clean. Amazing beds and bedding!
edit 8/29 - well VDARA reached out to me saying they've addressed the issues with the departments, and apologized for our previous stay. They asked us for another chance to stay with them to show how Vdara truly is.  I appreciate the offer, plus the quick response to my issues.  Though we have no immediate plans to visit Vegas, Guest Relations extended the offer even longer due to the distance of where I live. thank you VDARA - hopefully our next stay will be better!. . . Im not sure how anyone could consider this a 5-star resort. Some employees are obviously not up to par.  But some are amazing.  Front desk and valets were awesome! House keeping not so much. The elevator security may look the part in a suit... but lack refinement.. . The first day of housekeeping was a disaster. Mixture of us first forgetting to turn on DND light, forgetting to turn off when we had lunch. We had it done at 2pm when we hit the pool.  When we came back the door was not closed. They left cleaning solution in the room. Nothing was missing, so we decided to just let it be.. . 2nd morning again we forgot the DND light. A guy rings bells saying he needed to stock mini bar. I told him we were still sleeping...but he was insistent/rude about being quick. I just let him in so I could get back to sleep. So our mini bar wasn't filled before we got in? And it took 2 days of our stay before you planned to do it? It was locked, so we never bothered to open...and had our drinks at the pool.. . The pool...on a Saturday had 2 girls for drinks. We were at the front of the pool closer to bar.  We waited 30 mins for A girl to pass by..then 15-20 for her to return.  On a Saturday? At the Mandalay bay/Moorea we had 5 girls serving 15 max patrons in a small pool.. . The elevator guys need to get that stick out of their but.  If we have a key card in hand..facing you as we walk by...there is little reason to slow us down...even stop us. We did have one incident that was a fault of our friends visiting. He didn't know it was a smoke free resort. So the guy told him to take it outside to extinguish. I could tell the guy was upset at our guest, but tries to hold it in.  Rest of us were still there by elevator waiting, and when he returned without the CIG..we tried to go in...this guy stops us saying he needed to see the room key again. Are you serious? You just saw my card 2 minutes ago.  Either make new room keys that they can see better...or train them better.  I orig gave it 3-stars... but as I drafted this review...I realized how much worse the stay was.  We decided to switch from a Caesars property because of a wonderful stay at Mandalay bay a few months earlier. Paying that much more for 1 extra star...and plain horrible exp....I can't say I'd recommend the Vdara to anyone.. .  The positives (2 stats earned). Room was better then avg.  The beds were great. The gym was nicely equipped for us gym junkies. Pool itself was nice. Front desk friendly... valets were friendly.
nice sized rooms. pool is small but serves its purpose. good deal.
I do have to admit that this place AIMS to impress, and at first glance, it sure does. We were in awe of the modern styling and color palette, which fits perfectly to my personal taste.  The room we were given was on the 14th floor with no strip view (which is fine by me) and included:. . KITCHEN:  with a 2-burner induction range, mini fridge (1/2 filled with mini-bar goods), microwave, sink, and lots of empty cabinet space (dishes and cookware available upon request). . LIVING AREA: King Sized bed with flexy individual reading lights, closet, Sofabed (with the most uncomfortable mattress), dining table, large flat screen wall mounted over a dresser, automatic shades and blackout shades, and an over abundance of small end and coffee tables. . BATHROOM: Large soaker tub, individual shower stall, Toto toilet, and very contemporary shallow sink and other details.. . Additionally, the key card needs to be shown to the guard in the lobby so you can enter the guest areas of the hotel. Also, you don't need to insert the key card into the door, but rather, hold it in front. It was a great convenience when your hands are full.. . After getting over the initial overall impression, we started finding a lot of things amiss with the room, especially with this property being so new.  For instance, the shower head holder was missing, the shower curtain was just too small for the opening of the shower door, and the rug was coming out of the edging of the wall.  There was a weird smell coming out of the kitchen sink and we had to have maintenance/housekeeping come up and clean it up. The smell never really completely went away, but was much better than when we first got there. Also, while the overall look of the bed and the headboard screams STYLE, the obvious ugly cheap bed frame really took away from it.  They should have gone with the complete look of a platform bed or at least put a bed skirt to hide the cheap frame.  Toiletries were actually pretty good, bed was so-so in comfort, overhead reading lights were loose at the base and unusable. . The hotel is VALET ONLY so you'll be dishing out tips for the Valet. You COULD always park at the Aria or Bellagio and walk over -- the walk isn't far and the parking is free.  . . The only food place in the hotel is the "market place" with lots of over priced convenience store goods, as well as a coffee bar, and plated meals. Again, all over priced, but for the "image" of the hotel, you should already know better.. . Would I stay here again? Probably not unless I found the great online deal I found.  It seems that they tried really hard, but never really completely got all the details necessary for a complete flawless package.
My friends and I stayed in the standard room here when we had our Vegas trip in July. We were actually only like 5 rooms down the hall from our other friends who got the bigger suite, which included a kitchen and table. . . For our room, it had a standard queen size bed, but also a couch that pulled out to a pretty big full size bed. The bathroom was a decent size. It had a separate shower, along with another shower/bed combo on the other side. The only downside was that the sink was clogged and broken, but it didn't take long for us to have someone come up and get it fixed for us. My friends' room down the hall from us, had a living room with a pull out couch, a kitchen area with a stove, microwave, and fridge, a separate bedroom with a queen size bed, a full size bathroom with the separate shower area and a bath/shower combo, along with a small bathroom near the kitchen/entrance area.. . Another annoying thing that happened was that our keys wouldn't work at times. I think we had to go to the front desk 2-3 times to get new keys. Anyways, I didn't really go anywhere else besides the rooms to be honest. It seemed like an okay place. I appreciated the maid service we had though. They were very thorough - especially since one of the boys made the unfortunate mistake of not being able to hold his liquor and making a mess in both bathrooms in the big room. . . Overall, I personally wouldn't book a room here. My friends like it because it's close to The Cosmopolitan, which includes Marquee, a club we most likely will go to during our trip there. And also the fact that for the price you pay, you can get a suite with a kitchen. I'm a bit more partial to Encore to be honest. I'll shell out a couple hundred for Encore any day of the week.
Stayed here one night.  The room was just ok for a luxury hotel (Encore's suite was better). The hotel is non-gaming which is great, except it only provides semi-easy access to Aria and Bellagio.  If you want to game somewhere else, like say the cosmopolitan, then it is a chore to get there.  Would I stay here again, not likely since for the money there are better hotels on the strip with gaming.  It is also to pricey for a family friendly trip even though this is the perfect family friendly hotel with no gaming and smoking.
Last year's love fest with Aria left a "to be continued" with me and Bun.  Vying to get back to where we left off, I thought we'd try our hand at Vdara.  Across the beautiful fountain playing centerpiece connector to the sister resort to Aria; they follow the same modern artsy tone next door.  The hotel contains all suites without a casino and no smoking allowed.  . . You read that right, no casino.  Take it in for a second.  This may bug many, but I didn't care much.  Simply step foot in any other casino if gambling is on your mind, it's harder to find a place without smoking allowed than you'd think in Vegas.   . . Like any resort, they do have a pool and spa.  The pool area is moderately sized with only one main pool.  While disappointing compared to the one at the Aria and other hotels I've visited, food can be served to you while soaking in the sun.  I didn't partake in any spa related activities, but used their fitness center.  . . The fitness center is somewhat limited yet had enough for a to the point workout.  Some "reserved" signs were on the treadmills; that's a nice benefit.  In the free weight section there is a gigantic eye gluing television which extended my breaks between reps longer than expected.  When all said and done, why am I even commenting on their fitness center?  It's Vegas.       . . Downstairs in the lobby besides the front desk, there are only a few things worth mentioning.  They have a bar, the name I do not remember, most of the people staying at the Vdara got their drink on there.  On the opposite side, there is the Vdara Marketplace.  This is their general store and cafe mixed in one.  Want a roast beef sandwich or some band aids, you'll find them both there.  Since we didn't find a gift shop downstairs, I guess that was it.   . . With limited things to do, Bun and I spent most of our time away from Vdara.  A handy walkway toward the Bellagio and a tram that stops at City Center and Monte Carlo is around the corner.  That was the easiest route toward the Strip.  Given the price of the stay, it was worth it.  The resort fee is somewhat of an annoyance, yet many places have the fee anyway.  Vdara is a reasonable value stay and more appropriate for the older folk.  For the same price or close, I'd rather go back to Aria.
Minuses:. -No self park, valet only. This is a royal pain. Costs me quite a bit since I tip.. -No coffee maker, no tea bags etc. Even the the 3star suite places provide this.. -The kitchenware must be requested and only include a two pans , plates and bowls. So if you plan on using the kitchen for breakfast it is barely useable. I am not sure why the kitchen wasprovided in the first place.. -No walkway to Cosmo, but the walk is relatively short.. . Pluses:. -Nice rooms with great views.. -Great service.. -Walkway to Belagio (and Aria but not sure).. -Smoke free.. -Provides a  calmer atmosphere than the surrounding casinos.. . Overall not the most practice place if you planning on renting a car or using the kitchen. I would chose a different place for the price the next time.
I'd like to preface this review with the fact that I hold a Las Vegas hotel to different standards than other cities.  There is an experience expectation that is an integral part in the rating of a Vegas lodging. . . That being said, the Vdara would be a strong 4 stars in most cities.  It is a new modern hotel. Clean and crisp with dark wood, comfortable beds and spacious rooms. However, for a new hotel it misses the mark on several levels. Coarse uncomfortable towels, lack of plugs by the bed (alert to architects: everyone has a cellphone) and lack of basic essentials such as a coffee maker in the room are inexcusable. The hotel also lacks other basic amenities such as a full service restaurant.  A small coffee shop style bistro is not a restaurant.  The fact that the Vdara staff has to direct guests to sister properties for so much is a problem.  Also, the fact that it has no casino and is offset from the strip may be nice for some, however for most it is extremely inconvenient. In order to walk anywhere at all you need to fully walk through either the Aria or Bellagio or take an expensive cab ride.. . Unless you are a troglodyte, stay somewhere else that will give you the full experience... or at least... a meal?
If Bunny and I hadn't stayed at Aria prior to our stay at Vdara, my rating would most likely be higher. However because our last visit to Vegas was such a wonderful experience, Vdara paled in comparison to Aria. Don't get me wrong, I still enjoyed our vacation and had a great time, but no matter how much I tried to be positive, there seem to always be something missing.. . Being that I'm not a huge gambler, it didn't really matter to me that Vdara didn't have a casino. With so many hotels in the vacinity, we were bound to find one anyway. The upside in not having a casino was that the hotel was smoke free. The lobby was quite small and there was only a cafe, which closed at 10, and a bar. Not having any restaurants wasn't too big of a day either since we could easily find somewhere to eat within the city center. . . It was quite unique Vdara lacked a casino and restuarants, but the thing which bothered  me was there wasn't a gift shop. I know, going to Vegas was not like traveling to a foreign county or somewhere that not many  have been to. However, I like purchasing keychains, postcards and little knick knacks for some close friends. So I had to go to Elements, the gift store at Aria, to see if they sold any of Vdara's items. Unfortunately that was not the case, so I had settled on a few postcards of Cystals, the shopping center in the city center. Not exactly what I was looking for, but close enough.. . The amenities were nice. We visited the fitness center and pool once. There were plenty of machines and equipment. Each treadmill and bicycle had a towel and water bottle. There was one main pool, as opposed to having mulitple pools, like at Aria. While sitting by the poolside at Vdara, you could hear the music from Aria's side.. . Aside from the lack of restaurants, casino, hip pool area, the most important part of the hotel met our expectations. The rooms were very spacious, nice and clean. There would be buttons to press when we needed housekeeping, which would alert the front desk. One night, we even had a message on our phone from the front desk apologizing for not cleaning our room when in fact it had already been cleaned. If that's not great customer service, than I don't know what is.. . Vdara would not be my first choice to stay at. However if there are some good deals again and the opportunity comes up, I wouldn't mind coming back.
Stayed here for a one night staycation in November. I didn't see much of the hotel other than the room and the lobby, but everything I did see looked clean and modern. The only dining options are room service and a small cafe located off the lobby. I didn't try either. . . A standard room is pretty spacious. There's a small kitchenette as you enter complete with a stove top, two-person dining table, microwave and mini fridge. Half of the fridge is used for the minibar (don't touch anything in there!) and the other half is empty. You have to request plates and silverware if you need them. Past the kitchen is a large room with a sofa, chair and bed. The mattress was really soft and comfy, as were the pillows. The bathroom was fairly standard -- nothing to write home about.. . I've only checked out a few hotel rooms on the strip but I'd have to rate this one below the ones I've experienced at The Palazzo, Cosmo, and Caesars. All of which have more interesting layouts, design, and amenities. Our room at Vdara wasn't bad, it was just kinda dull. . . One big positive (if you're looking for a place that's quiet) is that it doesn't have a casino or club so there's a lot less noise. Another positive is the front desk. We didn't have to wait long to get checked in and they were nice enough to send up a complimentary bottle of champagne to our room.. . The negatives are:. - Few dining options. - Not convenient if you plan to walk to other casinos since it's not directly on the Strip (it's set back behind the Cosmo on Harmon). - No self parking. It's all valet, which is nice when you drop off your car. But waiting for your car when you want to leave can take a while during peak hours.
The new Vdara is in a great location. It's close to the Cosmopolitan, Aria, and Bellagio with larger rooms for a little less $$. As someone else pointed out, there is currently construction going on that starts at 7 am! We were on the 11th floor and could hear the fork lift moving around wood and dropping pallets loud and clear first thing in the morning. I want to point out that we aren't light sleepers either- we live right near a major airport at home and can sleep through the jets above us any day. This wasn't something easy to ignore and it woke us up bright and early each morning. The annoying part was when we went to the Aria for breakfast to escape the noise (right next door), paid $4 for a croissant and $9 for a breakfast sandwich, but still had front row seats to more loud construction. They're remodeling their lobby FYI. . . Also, the internet in the rooms doesn't work and I spent over 2 hours trying to connect via wifi and LAN to send work emails that I composed on the flight over. Thankfully, it connected for about 3 minutes at one point and sent them, but we never established a connection again and on a side note- the LAN cable was less than 3 feet long, and not located on a desk or usable workspace, so I had to keep my laptop on the chair and sit on the floor to use it. The bad connection was also passed to our iPhones that couldn't get us any internet service in our room so figuring out our day plan was a pain. Also- half of the room is dark because there's no light in the living area for some reason so it's hard to . . We had a $75 resort credit, which was just enough for the two of us to eat breakfast at Jean Phillipe one morning, and then it covered half of the next day. The $22 breakfast buffet at the Aria is...you got it- under construction and closed so you will need to go to another hotel for a buffet. The good news is that the Cosmopolitan has a great brunch buffet until 2pm everyday for $22. You can't use your resort credit, but it's worth it since you'll end up skipping lunch after so much food anyway. . . The spa at Vdara is still expensive, but the least expensive out of the hotels in the area. A 50 min pedicure is $60, where as it's closer to $80 at the Bellagio and Mandalay. The $25 resort fee ($28 after taxes) is a joke since the Internet doesn't work and the pool isn't open this time of year.
I booked a room at a really great rate which included a view upgrade, a $50 Food & Beverage credit and $50 Salon Spa credit. Parking is valet only (complimentary) and we had to wait quite a while when we first arrived to valet the car.  Check-in also took FOREVER and I was told that I couldn't get a view upgrade because the hotel was sold out that night. The problem with the Food & Beverage credit is that it can only be used for room service, the lobby bar, or the market cafe (but not the market part).  We ended up using it for coffees, sandwiches, juice, and desserts at the market cafe and it took 35 minutes after we ordered to get our food.  I used my Salon Spa credit for a nice manicure but I would never pay $50 for that service.. . The room seemed really small despite its square footage. The kitchenette, dining area, and hall are just wasted space. The bathroom is also laid out kind of oddly, with the tub at a diagonal.  It seemed like the lack of a towel rack was a design flaw so they placed a little towel cart next to the shower. The area just didn't flow well.  Since over half of the suite is poorly laid out, the living room/bedroom area seemed really cramped.  Oh, let me also mention that the "blackout" blinds leave a huge gapof light coming in.. . Anyway, I thought the idea of a smoke-free/gaming-free hotel is what I wanted but I ended up not liking it very much and my bf really missed the casino. We're definitely going elsewhere next time.
Stayed there for my 21st bday sat-mon. The hotel is very nice. Like very nice. Their standard room is probably a high level room at any other hotel. The staff go out of their way for youand are super friendly; our room had a view of the freeway (eww) so my bf called the front desk and asked if we could get a better view and we were upgraded (for free) to pool view room on the 42nd floor and that room was bigger than our original. . . For some people it might be a negative but I really enjoyed the no casino aspect of vdara. Its soo nice to just walk right up to the elevators and to your room instead of wandering through an endless sea of machines and rude drunk people to find your room tower/elevator like at other hotels.. . But the reason I'm giving only 3 stars is because the Vdara's location SUCKS! Big time! Its such a hassle getting to it! And since its situated behind Aria its a real pain in the ass to even walk onto the strip. Which is something I did not need coming back from the club in heels at 3AM.
Vdara is a mixed bag.  The rooms are fine, beds are comfy, and the fact that the rooms come equipped with a kitchenette is a plus.  You might ss well stock your own food because their market cafe where you buy small meals gets too busy, food is tasteless and service lacking.  It gives the impression of being a quick eats spot, but if you order any egg dishes, or even oatmeal, there is a 15-20 'minute wait, and that's after youve waited 15 minutes in line to place your order!  Since this and the pool are only place to get something to eat at this hotel, it's a problem.    Also, the pool has very tight seating and there is a time of day when, because of the reflection off the hotel, you can get scorched.  Literally. (see Vdara death ray on Google).  Finally, you cannot call for valet to bring your car around as they never answer the phone and once or twice the front desk was seemingly unavailable as well. Generally, Las Vegas hotels provide much better service than I found to exist at the Vdara.  But they did permit us to extend our checkout time for an hour which was very gracious. So, as I said, a mixed bag.
In January I was in Vegas and a friend was staying at the Vdara.  I liked the modern look of the spacious room and their view of the Bellagio fountains so I suggested that my friends and I stay there on our April trip.  Ugh... not worth over $200 a night.  . . First, through a reservation error, we didn't get a fountain view.  They were booked so we couldn't change and ended up with only a view of the parking garage and delivery trucks.  Gross.  Then, we were charged a $25 resort fee... which would have been fine if the amenities that were included in the charge were nice.  But they weren't.  The internet that's 'included' didn't work with our cell phones, only the laptops... slowly. If the pool would have been a nice one, that would have been cool... but it's not.  And, the 2 'complimentary' waters are about 4oz bottles... if that.  That's almost insulting and definitely laughable since you're in the desert.   So much for a 'resort fee'.  They don't even provide dryers in the bathroom.  . . The rooms look nice but there is nothing open 24 hours so if you get in late, you have to walk over to Aria for food/water/etc.  Also, when we tried to call down for Valet they apparently didn't feel like taking call downs.  Not a crisis but just an inconvenience when you're in a hurry to get to a show and thought you could have your car waiting for you.  . . These things I didn't realize when I was a brief visitor at my friend's room.  I only saw the nice room, bathroom and kitchenette.  . . Needless to say, there are so many other options in Vegas, I won't be back.  . . Won't see ya there.
If I could give 2.5 stars I would.. . The devil is in the details!! Vdara is nice enough but what you get for what you pay for isn't really worth it.. . Pros: nice furnishings in room, liked the little grocery store in the lobby, pool was nice (a little small) cabanas are reasonable priced (250 for the day), non smoking, easy to get a cab.. . Cons: had to call down all three days to ask for water, coffee, sugars/creamers..at least one was missing from the room every day. Towels sucked. We put down a credit card at check in $25/day resort fee and $100 deposit. We went to the pool and got a few drinks and they said that we were not set up for room charges. I called the front desk to ask what the problem was...b/c be put down a card. And they said we had to hold another $200 to do room charges...embarrassing and a pain in the a$$. . . Finally, and no fault of the hotel was the fact that there was not a casino, restaurants, and shopping at the hotel. I knew this before making the reservation and didn't think it would bother me...but it did. I like having places to grab a quick bite or hit the casino after dinner or a show. . Next time I will spend a little more each night and stay at Encore!
Pros: Still relatively new and in good shape. All suite rooms. Modern design. Feels upscale (but just feels that way, more to come on that point). Great location on the Strip. Easy to get to Bellagio and Aria. Nice bathrooms. Nice flat screens.. . Cons: Feels like the majority of the furniture in the room is made of Ikea. The rooms are very dark at night - not much strong or useful lighting in the rooms. No restaurant on site. There's a small deli counter, but if you want a real meal, you're probably going to find yourself at Aria. Customer service was lacking big time. Check-in desk was friendly, but nothing exceptional or especially welcoming or helpful. Valet were not very friendly or attentive. Not once did anyone open the front door for me, whether I had luggage in my hand or not. A few times there was an employee just standing there watching me struggle with the items in my hand and while trying to open the door. Thought this was a clear representation of their service: physically there, but not helpful. Had multiple issues with service and different people throughout my stay. . . Will I go back? It's going to have to be the right circumstances with an exceptional offer. If I had to choose, I'd rather spend the extra money and go somewhere with really great service and higher quality rooms. Overall, I think it's a nice hotel, but definitely not the luxury class that it's presented to be.
Las Vegas is my favorite city and I love the hotels there (I just love staying in hotels in general) so 3 stars is a very disappointing rating to me. I would rate it 2.5 stars if I could. . . Vdara isn't exactly on the Strip but it's very close to it. It is connected to Bellagio so you can easily get on the Strip that way. A lot of people prefer this because it's less congested but getting to the Strip will take some walking, which I didn't mind. . . On the outside, Vdara looks very sleek and modern and I was impressed. But the inside is SO. BORING. It's got the worst lobby ever; no defining features or statues. Casars has statues and cool architecture, Bellagio has the glass flower petals, but Vdara just a check in/out area and looks like a typical hotel. Also the lobby smells like RAID. Yes Raid the insect killing spray. I'd rather smell the sweatiness of all the humanity walking the Strip than endure Vdara's smell. The lobby also only contains 1 bar and 2 restaurants, so it's pretty barren. Plus there's NO CASINO. Yes it's a major hotel with no casino. In Las Vegas. Let that sink in.... . The best part of Vdara is definitely the rooms, which look very chique like the homes you would find on HGTV or something. It was very spacious and everything was clean. The bathrooms were also very nice with plenty of towels. I liked how the door numbers were digital and you can change the light on the door to indicate if you want room service to come by and clean or not. . . I would say that my stay at Vdara was average overall. If you just want to stay in Vegas and don't really care where you sleep, Vdara is fine. But if you're going to soak in the hotel, casino, and strip experience, book one of the many hotels on the Strip.
I stayed here because my friend had comp rooms. I forgot what the suite was called, corner something... First off. Vdara is like hidden behind the strip. You can't just walk out of the casino right onto the strip. It is also non smoking and there is no casino. The crowd here is very much more conservative and for an older crowd... Aside from that, the rooms are pretty nice. Customer service however, was satisfactory at best. They forgot to clean our room one day and whenever we asked for extra towels and such, it took a very long time to receive. If you're more conservative, stay here I guess, but as for me, i'd rather stay at cosmopolitan right next door.
I've stayed at Vdara a few times and always had a good stay. It's one of the few hotels on the strip that doesn't have a casino floor, so it is a better fit for families and in general for the people that do not really gamble. Modern decor for the rooms, and if you get a high floor, the view is absolutely gorgeous.. . The standard rooms at Vdara has an amazing king-size bed, and a nice size bathroom. TV in the bathroom as well. . . It does seem like some rooms have seen some abuse over the years. Fridge didn't really work properly at my most recent stay and the sofa bed actually gave me a small one inch gash from one of the rods being exposed. Asked for some gauze and tape when security came up to do some basic dressing, so I can change it myself later but they just said they only had "one roll of tape" so just gave me some band-aids instead.. . Foodwise, there's a cafe downstairs, but it is overpriced. There's more options over at Aria and Monte Carlo so make the short trek if you're not too lazy.. . Vdara is good for family and for the business traveler that's doesn't really need a casino floor. Just wish they can start inspecting the rooms a bit more!
FREE valet service, stylish interior, tasteful hallways, wonderful rooms BUTTTTT their service is horrible.. . Waited over an hour for blankets and plates - they forgot the rest of our stuff.. Called several times to ask when they'll bring stuff to our room. Waited almost an hour for someone to unclog our toilet. Valet never picked up. The housekeeper failed to check our rooms to refill water/throw out trash. Their house/room service was just plain old horrible.
I stayed at Vadara for 3 nights and I must say that the hotel is not running as smoothly as it should be. Upon check-in, my wife and I were given a view upgrade due to it being our 7 year anniversary. We very much appreciated this. However, Vadara charged my debit card an unexpected additional $100.00 that im supposed to get back within 5 to 10 days. My wife and I saved for several months to fly to Las Vegas for a vacation and the missing $100.00 put limitations on what we could do.  I talked to the concierge about this but there was nothing they could do for me. The room was very nice and clean (aside from a layer of dust covering the tv and dresser). We especially enjoyed the deep soaker tub and separate shower. .    The second problem I encountered at Vadara was the housekeeping services, we slept in one morning and had the "Do not disturb" option illuminated on the door, when we eventually left for the day we illuminated the "Request cleaning services" option. We then returned to the room roughly 4 hours later expecting to relax but the room remained un-cleaned. Im unsure if they were just too busy to get around to it or if the illumination on the door simply wasn't working properly. Yet it kind of ruined the relaxing mood we were in, I had to call downto housekeeping and have them send someone up, which they did another few hours later. I don't mean to sound like a spoiled brat who wants my room cleaned immediately, but we were paying close to $150.00 a night to stay at Vadara so the expectations were naturally higher. .    The third problem I had was with drinks at the pool. I had flown to Las Vegas with drinks in my check-in luggage in an attempt to avoid paying for overpriced beer at the pool side. I called the Spa in advance to ask if I was allowed to bring my own alcoholic beverages to which they replied "yes, as long as they are not glass", as I entered the pool area I was stopped by the staff and told I couldn't bring outside drinks, when I informed them of my previous call they allowed it but made it seem like they were doing me a favor. While they were polite it was very embarrassing being stopped by them and having other people look at me as though I got caught trying to get away with something sneaky, I called in advance as a way to avoid this but it still happened. Moreover, the pool closes at 7:00 PM for some weird reason, I was looking forward to swimming at night but couldn't. .     While I enjoyed my experience there I probably would not return to Vadara, with so many luxurious hotels in Las Vegas I don't see any reason to visit the same one twice. I also couldn't recommend Vadara to anyone who is looking to stay at a hotel in the $150.00 range because there are so many other options out there, most of which get better reviews.
Vdara is ok. The spa is small but very relaxing and that staff there are lovely, their hair and makeup people are awesome. The Vdara hotel staff however are dismissive and their house keeping is not timely at all and usually forgets to restock the bathroom or take out the trash.  The rooms themselves however are wonderful. I'm a local and I spent a birthday weekend there as a treat to myself and would say that there wasn't anything really special about it. Nothing I can't get at any of the other new hotels on the strip.  I don't gamble at all anyway so the fact that it is a "no casino" hotel didn't matter to me one bit.
I liked Vdara - don't get me wrong... But there were two real deal breakers for me... The first was the scent that they pump into the lobby. It is a perfume smell that I just hated! Really. Like, give you a headache stink. ...Next - for as nice a place as it is - our Vdara Suite tub needed to be re-grouted around the base. There was this nasty looking brown stuff in the grout. ...We did like the relative quiet of the hotel. It has no casino. The staff at the pool weremostly friendly. ...The hotel is a short walk from Aria's casino or the Cosmopolitan casino.
Ask for a high floor, the view is amazing. This a beautiful hotel. Wonderful bed, clean very modern. There is a small kitchen in each room but you have to call down to get plates and silverware. ( I get it people steal) what really got me was no coffee maker in the room.  When I called for one, I was told that they ran out.  Come on that is lame. If you're going to pay the prices for this type of room you can go out and get me a coffee maker.  Would I stay her again?  Maybe, I like my coffee.
Second time here this year and this time was not as good as the first was, room was not as cleaned as it should have been, dusty, furniture not in place and it appears the carpet was not vacuumed. But still enjoy the hotel because of the non-smoking environment and for the price compared to other hotels it is reasonable. One of the reason we like the hotel is the full kitchen, we bring food in and eat in the room to save money on food cost, it just seems the price to eat in Las Vegas has tripled on the past 5 years.
We came into town for a girlfriends' weekend and picked Vdara for a few reasons.  I personally love the no smoking policy and the lack of the insessent ding-ding-ding Casino noise.  Vdara is also in a great location with easy access to Aria, the Cosmopolitain, Bellagio and evan Cesars, a short walk away.  The room was OK, the king size bed was comfortable, the sitting area and mini kitchenette were fine.  The bathroom was great, lots of counter space which 3 girls getting ready for a night out need. We were promised a fold out couch which did not happen. The service and concierge were not a helpful as I would have expected though the bar in the lobby was pleasant enough. Probably more geared towards a business hotel than a girls weekend away, but I would come back.
An update from my past review. We decided to try the hotel 1 whole year later. They offered a suite upgrade and free breakfast for two. Extremely nice of the management because of our past bad experience. . . Pros. -Fantastic clean rooms with a great view. They still have some of the best rooms on the strip.. -Friendly Staff. . Cons. -The Cafe needs some serious help. There is ALWAYS a huge line to get breakfast and a wait for your food. Much rather walk somewhere else (like the Aria or Cosmo) to get faster service. It's just a reminder this hotel was built originally as condos not to have the capacity as a major Vegas hotel. -The staff isextremely slow to respond. 30-45 minutes on hold to talk to someone at the front desk, 1 hour wait for Valet, 1 hour wait to get extra SHAMPOO, and 1 hour wait to get extra COFFEE (both separate occasions). . . They waived the resort fee after we complained about the bad service they have. The Vdara is a very nice hotel but don't expect to get the same service here you would get at a major hotel in Vegas. At least bring some patience with you.
We were really excited to stay at Vdara for my birthday last weekend.  It was pretty good.  Okay on most levels, but there were a lot of things that just seemed OFF.. . First for the good:. . - room design was cool. - love the no gaming vibe. - great view of Bellagio Lake/Fountain show. - central location - loved the ability to walk straight to Aria or Bellagio. - overall great service. - comfy bed. - great tub. - room service was great overall and even toasted our bread in the room. . The bad:. . - Asked for upgrade options at check-in and was ignored.  We thought she was looking, but she wasn't - and just handed us the keys. - First room stank like there was a sewer problem - was moved to a 2nd room with slightly better view of Bellagio fountains. - although you get a kitchen/dining area, they don't provide a coffee maker at all. - you have to call housekeeping to request robes. - our room was incredibly dusty. - one of our 2 phones didn't work at all (we didn't call about that - but it just seemed low rent). - our minibar was locked upon arrival.  I called the next morning to have it opened, and they said they would send someone up.  No one came.  I called again and they opened it from downstairs magically.. - room service included a jam that was half-used. - only restaurant downstairs closed at midnight (hello - this is Vegas). - room service isapparently shared with Aria, so it took over 50 minutes for a simple breakfast to be delivered. . Overall, I have to say I did not feel pampered and it did not live up to other luxury properties like the Wynn.  I wouldn't put out the money in the future.
3.5 stars. . My bf and I had recently stayed here looking to try something different after reading it was quiet, smoke-free and had no casinos in the lobby area.  It's always nice to come back to some place quiet after going around the strip and whatnot.  You won't find a big crowd of people around the lobby area and it's connected to Aria and Bellagio, which is so much better than walking outside in the scorching heat.  . . Valet and the staff were really nice and friendly.  Our suite had a kitchen, spacious bathroom and an ample amount of space.  It doesn't look as nice as other hotels in comparison but that's just my personal opinion.  . . There really are no restaurants here so you COULD go to the small lobby and visit their market/cafe that closes at 10 pm on weekdays and midnight during weekends.  They also have this small area for their bar but there are other places to go for a drink that seems more social.  We never went to these places Vdara offered because Bellagio is right next door!. . Overall, it's a decent place but it's perfect if you want to stay at a quiet hotel.
I'm torn on my review... The suites are beautiful and always clean, but there are things that bothered me at my stay... The good things I enjoyed were the beautiful suites, comfortable beds, and good view of the Bellagio Fountains.  The bad things about the hotel are that you are charged $25/night regardless of whether you use high speed Internet, house keeping, waters, etc.  BE SURE YOU KNOW THERE WILL BE A BILL AT CHECKOUT!  Also, there were staff that constantly hound you at the elevators asking to see your room key.  VERY ANNOYING especially when you have full hands and have to stop and dig the room key out of your wallet!  After the 1st night I got so sick of being asked constantly for my room key that I kept walking passed them when I was asked.  The resort itself is beautiful however the hidden fees and annoying pestering of staff wanting to see my room key every time I want to go to my room took away my enjoyment of staying at the Vdara.  I probably would not stay here again!
I've stayed in a few resorts on the strip before. This is a relatively new hotel on the strip. The road to the resort is a little confusing. Rooms are clean and pretty neat. Pictures on yelp are good representatives of what you could expect. Note that there is no coffee machine in the room. When I set up the morning call, they did offer complimentary coffee if I recalled properly. The suite comes with a kitchenette, but has no pots/pots/plates/bowls/forks or what so ever. If you need anything, housekeeping would bring them up. It is just a bit odd. Restroom is okay too. I found it relatively on the small side for a 5-star hotel on the strip. There is no restaurant in the hotel please note. There is no room service either. They have a small fast-food style food counter/mini-grocery store and a bar. Aria is close-by so it normally wouldn't be an issue unless you are pressing for time.  . . The hotel does not have casino and is not situated on Las Vegas Blvd. So it is relatively quiet and has less traffic. It has tram train that travels to a few resorts around. Maybe it is the time I stayed at the resort, there were a lot of college folks here for parties. You also got the regular party folks here for a good time as well.  . . I booked two rooms through hotwire. There was some communication issue between hotwire and the hotel. It was resolved within half an hour or so. So it wasn't too bad. However, judging from the Vegas standard, this will not be my best choice and likely we won't come back.
For a "nicer" hotel, I didn't think this place lived up. The rooms were extremely "cozy"...when the pullout sofa was pulled out, it actually touched the regular bed and there was no walking space in between. The pull out sofa was also REALLY uncomfortable! I mean, I've had my trips where I find myself coming back to the hotel room and just falling asleep on the floor, but even that was better than sleeping on the pullout mattress. You could feel the circles on your back from every single spring! It was also very inconvenient that the toilet was not separated from the rest of the bathroom with a door or something. Really awkward having to go to the bathroom while the other 3 girls are getting ready in front of the mirror. :X. . The good thing is that this hotel has a connecting walkway to Bellagio which was uber convenient. I also ordered the room service twice and the food was really good! Ingredients tasted fresh and the waiter was very courteous when setting it up in the room. . . Verdict: Room is ideal for couples seeking a quiet hotel to go back to. No gambling and minimal food/drink options. Not good for 4 Asian girls looking to party.
This place is a hidden gem. I liked this place because of the location, and I didn't have to worry about walking through noisy and smoke filled casinos.   The price is reasonable, and there is a kitchenette for leftovers and drinks.  This place would be a great place for business travelers who stay long term or for families who don't want to deal with the crowds.  . . I just wish that this place had a better cafe downstairs. The food was not good. They had some healthy options in the grocery section, which was great. I like how they had some gluten free options as well.  . . I also wish this place had a better pull out sofa. This was the worst pull out couch I've ever slept on! For that, I had to bring down the rating to a 3.  Seriously horrible.  I had pain in my back.
While I loved our suite on the top floor with ridiculously stunning views of the Strip and the mountains surrounding Las Vegas, a number of issues marred our stay. First, the $28 daily resort fee is ridiculous and provides no value other than microscopic water bottles and "free" (and extremely slow) WiFi, which logs you out after about 5 minutes of non-use. Annoying. Also we were underwhelmed by the small-ish pool, and we did experience the "Vdara Death Ray" - it's like the building's glass walls are magnifying the heat onto the pool deck. The housekeepers were stingy with the coffee for the in-room Keurig brewer. I like that there's no casino, but that also means the lobby is very dead and there's no on-site restaurant. Were it not for the $28 extortion fee (resort fee) I might consider staying here again.
I honestly expected a little more from Vdara. The suite was nice and spacious and the view spectacular but it was missing a few details especially in the bathrooms. First of all, lack of shelves and space to put your stuff. We're chicks! We have A LOT of stuff! Then lack of hooks, as in there was only one. One! C'mon really? One hook for such a large bathroom made no sense. The furniture including the bed were not that comfy. Kinda thin and 'springy'. The room service along with housekeeping were phenomenal tho! We ordered in quite a few times and it was delicious and the service extremely pleasant and courteous. Expensive tho. Wi-fi, forget it, worst connection EVER. Elevators were fast, you do have to show urkey card to get up to ur room FYI. The hotel has no casino so it's quieter, less smoky, and more laid back. Check in was pretty fast but then again it was a Thursday so I'm sure it gets crazy for the weekend. Valet services were good but the guy didn't help us with our bags when were leaving! Wtf! For the price and location (off strippish) I expected a lil more. Encore is still my number 1.
I am giving the Vdara three stars because they just didn't work hard enough to get 4.. . Inconsistency:. I prepaid the reservation before arrival ( for three Panoramic Suites). I called the day before an asked how much the deposit was. I was told $100 cash deposit plus the resort fee.. . Got there and it was $300 cash OR  $100 on a debit card. TO THEIR CREDIT: the money on the debit cards were credit back AS SOON as we checked out.. . . Resort Fee:. What a bunch of bull. Low speed internet that you have to manually connect to every time your screen times out. Sigh! Not even worth it. Two bottles of water daily for a suite?! Whatevs.. . Rooms:. My room looked like it has seen better days. Couch looked very slept on, colors were very muted. Reminded me of aLoft a little. . . To their credit they let us check in to the room at like 11am. Very cool. Front desk people get 3 stars. There were three and they went in order of fantastic, new, newer. Checked into three rooms, were told three different things and had three different experiences simultaneously. . . My mom's room was dirty upon check in. They told her they were upgrading her to another room. When I went to look it was not the upgrade they promised, but I didn't have time to argue with them. . . The concierge was a joke. The cafe was a joke. The bar was also a joke. This reminded me of an apartment building where people sometimes stay as an hotel.. . Overall, it was ok. But I wouldn't stay here again. . . Inconsistency from employees really had me miffed.. . Housekeeping was a little TOO thorough. They put up EVERYTHING that was out. Sounds good in theory but I don't want my dirty clothes stuffed in my friends suitcase while we are out all day. Spent almost an hour sorting clothes & toiletries from each others suitcases. SIGH! . . Last, but certainly not least, they were checking room cards every time you neared the elevator. This applied to everyone except the hookers. There were so many!  I can't make this up! I guess I am a little green when it comes to how this works, but it doesn't seem okay for them to be openly negotiating prices in the lobby.
The Vdara hotel is a clean, modern and upscale hotel located off the Strip but very close to the Bellagio. I really appreciated the location as it was quiet, but still close to everything. A non smoking and non gaming establishment, the Vdara prides itself in high quality service and support. Any complaints I had (e.g. phones didn't work well) were compensated directly as a reduction in our room rate. Direct compensation is by far the best way to deal with things! Bellman were of high quality and had pleasant demeanor.  One should note that given the location of the hotel, the frequency of cabs may not be desirable for the business traveler irrespective of the efforts of the bellman.. . Rooms had some minor issues with heating and ventilating. That being said, the rooms are generally very large with a nice sitting area. I also had access to in-suite washer/dryer and a very convenient kitchenette. The bed was good and bed sheets had fairly good thread count. Television was large enough for the rooms in question and offered a wide assortment of channels. The TV was HD quality, but would have liked a surround sound styled environment (we are in Las Vegas)! The bathroom was just OK. The shower pressure was extremely poor and even though the bathroom appeared large there was very little counter-space. Further, the toilet should have been in a more private/secure area. Just seemed that the layout was poorly planned. Towels were not soft and should have been larger.. . In summary, stay at the Vdara for less than $130 a night. That is roughly the appropriate price range if you can secure it.. . Enjoy Las Vegas!
Another fun staycation. I'm just glad it was free! The room was clean and spacious enough for us. We let them know ahead of time that we would need to use the sofa bed and they assured us that it would have a blanket, sheets and pillows, but it didn't. The sofa bed was not comfortable and flimsy. The following morning were able to get room service to set the bed up right. It still wasn't comfy, but at least had sheets and such. The regular bed was comfy and roomy. Room service spoiled me with a bag of yummy caramel popcorn that I couldn't put down. The kitchen area is nice if you bring your own pots, pans, utensils and food! The kitchen was bare. I didn't plan on cooking a meal anyway so found it useless. There is a small stove-top yet no coffee maker? I didn't get that. At least at a "motel" I would have had a coffee maker and coffee/tea packets complimentary. The fridge was stocked, but I didn't get anything from it since it is overpriced. Be careful when opening these fridges because if you even pick something up to look at, the sensor will know and charge your room for it. . . There is a cafe, bar, starbucks and of course room service for food options, but nothing else as far as I could see for dining. At least there are other hotels within City Center to check out dining options at and of course shopping. I can't say I would recommend this place to anyone but if you get the chance to stay here for free, do it!
I'm ok with this Vegas hotel - what I do like, is that it's sorta away from the strip and slightly quieter than the ones on the strip. A plus, it's a non-smoking hotel and it's close enough to everything that you can hoof it.. . The valet is awesome. They have waters for you, as well as a little spot that has air conditioning if it's too hot, and they're efficient where you're not waiting forever for your car. If you need a bellboy, person, girl, hop? (hah what's the PC term now?), they're in abundance and waiting to take your luggage as you check in, and ready to be sent up to your room.. . Easy check-in and check-out. You can use your room tv to check out (which was awesome!) Check-in was awesome, since I was able to ask for an upgrade (free) woohoo!! So it was a slightly bigger room and on the corner of the property so you have a fantastic view of something - depending on what part of the area you're in. Plus we got a full refrigerator, microwave, and almost a half kitchen (because there are no stoves), but they have plates, cups, utensils and a coffee maker stocked with coffee. Not that you're gonna be cooking and stuff, but it's great to have all those amenities available. Also, there was a washer and dryer if you feel like doing laundry.. . The rooms come with a pull out couch (which was terribly uncomfortable, so some people ended up just sleeping on the floor instead). hehe So sorry peeps! But we had a king sized bed, and a pretty sizable bathroom filled with your normally toiletries, nothing too special. In addition, we had a 1/2 bathroom in the living room, so sharing the room was a bit more comfortable.. . However, when hoofing around Vdara, it's quite a trek, because there is no direct route in there - you have to go through the city center to the aria, then to vdara or from the other side, you enter through the Cosmopolitan. So if you're wanting some exercise, this hotel is perfect. . . The swimming pool is kinda small for such a large hotel, by Vegas standards. We ended up hitting up day clubs instead. :) There's no casino - boo! Overall I wouldn't mind staying here again. We got a pretty decent deal off Jetsetter. It's nice and clean.
After staying at the Cosmopolitan last week for 3 days I think in kind of spoiled: :-(.. I'm comparing item for item though:. The room was not well cleaned, surfaces had glass and hand marks, bed was caving in, toiletries awful bring your own, bedding was soft but very worn, sliding bathroom door did not work, fitness center was good, customer service was nothing special.. The view was amazing though, we had a suite , with incredible views to the east and south of Las Vegas.We are on the 49th floor so if you are going to stay try to get a floor that's up high. Oh yes I would say one good thing is no casino which means no smoke and no noise from people getting in late and  partying.. Hands-down if I could choose between the Cosmopolitan and this hotel I would say I'm going back to the Cosmopolitan!
