So, the first thing I have to say is that the food here is amazing. If you care about nothing else except the taste of your food--go here.. . If you care about things like: customer service and appropriate wait times (at the University location, not the other one), I would suggest not vising this restaurant.. . I've had many experiences with Cornish Pasty. My friends love it, and when it comes to the food, I love it too. (Especially the pork pasty.). . I've only had one good one though--and that was when I sat directly at the bar and told the woman standing there what I wanted. . . The a few of the other times happened something like this:. . 1.Went in alone, waited fifteen minutes for anyone to come over and even wipe down my table, let alone ask for a drink or dinner order.. . 2. Went there with 4 other friends, waited 2 hours for a table, and the gentleman acting the 'host' was especially rude when we would ask him about how long he thought it would be (roughly ever 30 minutes) and he always said "Looks like 15 more minutes." Then when we were finally seated our drinks came back half empty and my pasty was cold in the center.. . The truth is, is that while the food is great the company needs to retrain it's workers. Customer service should be at the top of their list, and from what I can tell it's at the bottom.
Imagine you are a hot pocket.... . Now imagine you could be filled with any type of food.... . Throw in some great music.... . Some faint allusion to a microwave.... . Godspeed!
Four stars, but I knocked one off because the pasties are pre-made and you can't ask for substitutions. . . I've been here twice. I will definitely go back, and I've recommended this spot to friends, but I was pretty bummed to find out last time that I can't ask for more of this or none of that. . . Seating is VERY limited. Unless you're going to be there the minute they open, I would call ahead for take-out. If you're dead set on satisfying a craving, you'll want to call ahead to make sure they're not out of whatever you want,too. We found that out the hard way. . . All in all, it's a tasty spot. Best for take-out.
I came here a while back based on the reviews from yelp. The place is a dark bar with little seating on the side. The vibe is a cool hang out. It was very dark so I can't be sure but the place didn't seem very clean.... . The menu was so creative! Everything comes as a Pasty which is like a thicker skinned hot pocket!! yum! The flavors are tasty things like curry or pesto chicken overall it is good but I feel the baked shell is a little thick and the whole thing tasted quite doughy. Maybe I'll give it another try?
Cornish pasty = upscale hot pocket. . I had the shepherd's pie pasty and Cole slaw. Both were fairly tasty. The Cole slaw had great crunch but was too oniony. The pasty was perfectly cooked unlike a hot pocket which is either frozen in the middle or scorching hot. The pasty had a lot of different flavors going for it and a good gravy accompanying it. Also the restaurant has a good vibe to it. All in all, the pasty was good but not good enough to come back.. . HOT POCKET
I'm disappointed other Yelpers didn't point out the time it would take for the pastry to bake... I dined alone and given the advice about it been filling, I didn't order an appetizer. The about 20 min wait felt like forever. Of course one could start drafting the reviews or distract oneself with these devices we couldn't get our hands off.... . . I had the lamb vindaloo and I finished the whole thing!! It's 90 degrees out and freezing in here... the vindaloo was so hot (spicy) it totally warmed me up. The mint yogurt balances the heat very well I just wish there is more... the pastry was over cooked and hard (maybe that's why I waited so long?) I would've liked it flaky. Overall a great value meal and good eats.. . This place has a real English pub feel which is cool.  Very friendly atmosphere.
How often do you see a pasty shop in US? I went to Cornish Pasty with a lot of expectations (since I'm a big lover of pasties). Maybe because of my high expectations, I found the pasties to be just good enough. The sticky toffee pudding was great though (again, how often do you see sticky toffee pudding on the menu!).. . Service staff is very nice and friendly . Food takes forever to get.
It was a nice change from the same old takeout we have to choose from in Az. I was really excited at first, because they have a Reuban, my fav sandwich ever. The fact that they delivered to me, being a good hike from here was an added bonus.. . It was good, a bit overpriced for what you get. The bread was slightly too thick. . . It's the type of place I'd order from maybe twice a year if that. Staff was very nice though
We went to The Cornish Pasty Co. yesterday (Sunday) around 1:00pm and it was packed. Granted, the place is tiny, so it doesn't take many people to fill the restaurant. We waited a few minutes and were able to get two chairs at the bar. If you're sitting at the bar, you're essentially in the open kitchen as well. Like I said, it's very small! We had an awkward few minutes at the bar (sitting in front of people's empty plates), but someone finally gave us menus. . . We ordered draft beer - Rogue Hazelnut Brown, which happens to be one of our favorites. I've never seen it on tap before, so we were pretty excited to try it. It did not disappoint! We ordered our pasties; I had the bangers and mash and my husband had the chicken tikka masala. I think we'd agree that they were both good, but nothing mind-blowing.  My husband is from England and thought the sausages didn't taste authentic. They were extremely sage-y and a bit tough. I was a bit disappointed that the "mash" was really just chunks of potatoes. The red wine gravy served on the side was good. . . I think it was a bit pricey for what we got - two pasties and two beers for $28. I wouldn't make a special trip to Tempe to have it again.
good food, different - never would of thought there was an english flavor in Phoenix!
I hoped for more from Cornish Pasty Co.  I ordered the Rosemary Chicken (pictured) and while the chicken was pleasantly moist, there was absolutely NO hint of rosemary.  The peppers were fine, but the entire pasty was overpowered by the taste of vinegar the peppers were soaked in.  :(. . I also ordered a half-baked Oggie (pictured) to go for a friend and am told it largely tasted like a pot pie.  I guess that's fine of that's what you're looking for, but the only flavor stand out seemed to be the wine-flavored gravy.. . The dining room near the entrance was rather small, but it seems they're expanding into the space next door to create a second, larger dining room and second bar (pictured.)It's unclear if they intend to continue remodeling or of it's complete, but it currently has a combination of very dated details as well as newer, more modern ones.  The second dining room is filled with old church pews for seating which I have mixed feelings about.  I'm happy to see they've been re-purposed, but can't help but wonder how many funerals they've "seen."  It's slightly creepy while trying to eat.. . The sever was nice enough, but I have a pet peeve about restaurant cleanliness.  It was rather slow and the server amused himself between visits to the table by playing darts with another patron.  I could care less how he spends his down time, but would have appreciated seeing him wash his hands after touching the same darts other people have used.  Who knows where THEIR hands have been???. . If I ever pay CPC another visit, I think I'll skip the entree and try dessert, instead.  Or better yet, skip the dessert and plunk down $3 for a Happy Hour Car Bomb and hope they offer free WiFi by then.  Hopefully, the bartender's hands will be clean.
Since my last review in 2008 I have probably been here 20+ times. The food is always top notch, but I have to say since the recent expansion the service has really suffered. On each of my last 3 visits it has taken over an hour to get my food. I am patient (especially when the food is so delicious) but the lack of concern from the servers is a bit much. . . Last time I came in I ordered the tikka masala salad, now I know they may be busy, but over an hour for a salad is pretty poor service. The time before that I was served a cold pasty and you could tell it had sat for quite a while before making it to my table. Each time I pointed these things out and was met with blank stares or a passive "we're working on it.". . I think I will wait a couple of months before returning so they work out the kinks in their service. I still love the food, but I don't usually have 2 hours for lunch.
Dark & dink, among the whispers and the music lies the CPC! -- Don Don Da....!. . Halloween comes and it goes, but not the CPC. First thought was how dark and weird this place was when I first walked up and opened the doors!  What is this a vampire joint!?  Why so dark!?  I guess the sun will melt away the patrons.. . I've heard about the meat pies of the CPC and finally made my way here.  I ordered The Oggie - The Traditional Pasty.  Not bad and very good to say, but I do recommend having it during the winter months.  It's pretty hot during the summer here in PHX if you haven't notice.  I would say the CPC is a seasonal restaurant and perfect during the cooler months.  Unless you need your meat pie fix!. . Service was good overall and quick.  Needless to say they had more employees that day then Vampires. - Enjoy!
Pasties are good, yes? The service at this location blows. Who wants to drive all the way to Mesa, though?
The food is delicious. The downside is the small cramped and dingy atmosphere.  The one in Mesa is much better because of the seating and patio area that it has that the Tempe location is missing.  I would order the food ahead to go at Tempe.
I tried the southwest chicken pasty and it was very tasty. The crust was thin, crispy, and flavorful. The mixture of chicken, cheese, beans, corn,and salsa inside had a nice and slightly spicy Mexican flare. The pasty was something like $6 and plenty for one person. The food is definitely the high point for this place.. . The place was very busy when we arrived with about 8 people and we had to wait a long time to snatch a table (we were on "the list" but they don't appear to actually honor any such arrangements versus a free-for-all). There was also only one server running around the whole place, so it was difficult to place orders, get refills, remove leftover encrusted plates, etc. The drinks are priced relatively low and there were many types of beers on tap, which probably makes it a popular place for the college crowd. . . Overall, this might be a nice place to actually dine if it had better service and wasn't such a dive bar rather than an eatery. It would be nice if there were separate areas for a dinning room and bar. Right now, it seems like it really wants to be a bar, but it happens to randomly serve some good food.
I did not like this location AT ALL.   I was overwhelmed on where to park... I couldn't figure out if you park in front or back.  Then I couldn't figure out where the front door was or where you get seated at.  I walked in a complete circle around the place 1 1/2 times.  Then it is dark and crowded.  The service was very hurried and it was not conducive to sitting and enjoying a meal together as there were people waiting for our table (if you are even lucky enough to get a private table).  I much much much prefer the Dobson/Guadalupe location and won't return to this one.. . However, the food is delicious.  The potato leek soup.  Yummmmm... the bread it is served with is Yummmmm... the pasty was Yummmm (I had the vegetarian potato one with ketchup).  Wish I had saved room for the peanut butter and jelly dessert one as I like it so much.
flavor was good, but there was more bread than I expected. Price was a bit high for what I got
sorry to sort of buck the trend, but  I wasn't overly impressed. the service was friendly, but a little shaky. they got my order wrong, and I ended up eating part of a chicken sandwich, when I had ordered a vegetarian pasty (and yes, I am a vegetarian). they also served me tepid coffee, and I did overhear some slight staff bickering. the overall atmosphere is very hipster, dark, with fairly loud music playing (good tunes, but a little too loud). the booth was so flimsy, that every time I leaned forward to take a bite of food, the seat tipped with me completely. now the pasty...good flavor (if too many at once), but far too rich and unnaturally dense for me. and way too SALTY. after eating half of the sandwich, I felt like I was overloaded with salt (and full). how do you place items like cheese, olives, dressing, and meats in a pasty without there naturally being too much sodium content? you don't. not without things like lettuce, tomato, etc. (didn't have any). it desperately needed a salad to go along with it. it was nearly as salt-horrific as their neighbor, rosita's mexican food (not recommended). and anyone who thinks this is healthy food is mistaken. this place could make a vegan fat.  the only reason they get 3 stars is because of their unusual menu items, the fantastic side we ordered (broccoli and cauliflower cheese thing), the delicious desert (banana cream crusty thing),  and the potential for a better pasty experience next time (mental note: for god's sake, order a side salad!!).
Decent enough. Definitely filling. I'd come back.
Now, we might have gotten some strange looks from other patrons cause we brought Baby C here cause well...this place IS a pub after all.  But they do serve food and we weren't ordering Baby C car bombs or anything and he was behaved - so those people can go "Sit On It"!. . J ordered a cup of Cream of Leek, Potato and Stilton soup and an order oven chips with garlic.  . My Pasty - The Mexican. J's Pasty - Bangers and Mash. . The soup was awesome - he shared a few spoonfuls with me and Baby C.  Baby C went crazy for it!  . . My Pasty - Very tasty.  The right amount of spice.  Not oily.  Very filling!  I could only eat 1/2 of my pasty.  . . J didn't like his pasty all that much.  He said it was extremely salty and heavy.  Wished he would have ordered something else instead of trying to go somewhat authentic.  . . The oven chips were kind of a disappointment.  I wouldn't order them again due to a good portion of them being still on the raw side.    . . So it was kind of a hit or miss depending on what you ordered.  Might be able to talk J into going back again and have him try a different pasty.
These weren't the "pasties" I was thinking of.... . Joking, obviously. . . I was here to celebrate a friend's birthday. They told us 20 people would fit at one of the long tables. Uh, no. Not unless we all sat shoulder-to-shoulder with our arms squeezed under the table. Oh well, all 20 people weren't there at the same time, and a few people stood, so the 14ish people that were sitting, were comfortable. But, being a looooooong bench at a table, it was kind of a pain when the person in the middle wanted to get out of their seat.. . The pasty I had (some southwesternish thing, I think) was okay. I've never had a pasty before and if I ever return (which I have no objection to), I will order something different. The drink menu listed cider on tap. They didn't have any. I don't know if it was just that night, or permanently, but I was sad. Our server was great, though. For a busy night, he was pretty attentive.
Loved that place (great pastys) until I found a hair - hopefully not of pubic origin - on my last visit (in February 2013)....
Let me first start off by saying that I love Cornish Pasty. So why the three star review? Well, their food is great, but the service is lousy. But let me back up a bit.. . The very first time someone told me about "The Pasty," as I refer to it, they described a pasty as "a gourmet hot pocket." Let me tell you, that did not sound appealing. Despite how great they tried to make it sound, I could not get over the idea of a gourmet hot pocket. So I never checked it out until maybe a year ago when I was recommended by another friend, and figured I'd just give it a shot. It was delightful!. . I've since been to The Pasty multiple times. It's the food that keeps me coming back. "The Pilgrim" is like Thanksgiving! I get it almost every time. It's a combination of turkey, sweet potatoes, onions, mushrooms, and other wonderful flavors inside. Served with a side of cranberry sauce and a red wine gravy. I'm not too crazy about the gravy, but the cranberry sauce is awesome. I've also tried their Greek salad and black bean soup, which are just as wonderful. I love the bread that comes with the soup, and the dressing on the salad.. . Although this location is closer to my house, I prefer going to the one on Guadalupe and Dobson because the service is slightly better (although both locations have poor service). And this location on University is way too dark and full of hipsters. But, I guess people dig that nowadays.. . The main reason I'm writing this review is because of a trip I made to this location yesterday. I went with my boyfriend and we split all three items mentioned above. The Greek salad, black bean soup, and The Pilgrim. I was starving and was hoping our server would bring the soup and salad out first. I was thrilled when she came back after a couple minutes with the soup and was hoping the salad would come out shortly after. I love bread and when we ran out of bread (meaning after I scarfed all the bread down), I patiently waited for our server to come back around so I could ask for more bread, as well as the status on our salad. Remember when I said I was starving? Well, I start to get a little cranky when I'm hungry, and our server was not making any rounds to see how her tables were doing. After fifteen or so minutes, I decide to go over to where our server is talking with another server, and ask for more bread, nicely of course. Once she comes back with our bread, the soup is cold, but I don't really mind. I was just happy she put more bread in front of me. A few minutes later our pasty comes out. She had obviously forgotten about our salad (guess that's what happens when you don't write anything down) so I reminded her and she comes back shortly with it. Only after we had been sitting there for ten minutes after we had finished everything and the busser, who was much friendly than our server, had already cleared the table, did our server appear from the darkness and we were finally able to get our check, pay, and leave. I'm used to the service being not so great, but this was just awful.. . I thought maybe if I wrote a review about my last experience, they'd change the service up or hire better servers. Serving itself isn't very hard, I know, I've done it. And it doesn't take much effort to check up on a table. But the people who work at The Pasty just don't seem to care about anything. I guess that's just a hipster thing. (I would love to see their interview process, if there even is one. "Do you know how to carry food?" "Yes." "Okay, you're hired."). . Anyway, I think I will be driving out of the way to go to the other Pasty instead. Since their servers are a little more attentive and I can actually see who I'm eating with, and what I'm eating for that matter. Hah, I can only imagine what that place looks like in the light. Maybe they keep it dark for a reason.. . It's not like I'm expecting five star service or anything, I get that it's a bar too. But come on. If you're the type that doesn't like their server to stop by a lot, or you don't need any refills, then this place would be perfect for you.
I have tried both the pesto chicken and the spicy asiago chicken. Neither were really that amazing, as I was expecting from the reviews. It was good, but not amazing. My friends that I've come here with agreed. The people who work here are so nice though, service was great. The pasties are very filling, you will leave stuffed (I couldn't finish a full pasty in one sitting).. . I'll probably go back sometime to try one more pasty, maybe I was just expecting too much?
Mmmm. Hipster Hot Pockets. Twice we've gone, and both times I've had the Peppercorn Steak, and the BF has had the Royale with Cheese. Both times, they were great.  Crispy on the outside, piping hot on the inside and they come with yummy dipping sauces. Great beer selection as well, too bad there isn't a location conveniently located near me! Locale is Ok-ish, typical college-area pub/eatery-like atmosphere. A bit dark, the only complaint is the church pews for seating of large groups. Not gonna lie, they straight up feel like they're about to collapse, and they make it damned near impossible to get out of if you're not sitting on the end. Hope you don't have to get up to pee! Eek. But hey, it's about the food, right?
