More like 3.5 stars, but you'll get the picture.  . . THEhotel (besides being kind of obnoxious to say) is a gorgeous hotel.  Stylish and chic--as a lot of other people have pointed out.  Nothing outdated here, so far as I could tell.  The suite was roomy, the bed was incredibly comfortable, and we loved having the extra bathroom/TVs, etc. . . The clientele was generally young/trendy and attractive, or this is at least the clientele THEhotel is trying to target--we'll have to go back when the pools are open and the weather is warmer to check out the pool scene at Mandalay Bay.  . . Service was generally good.  The $18/day resort fee was painful, especially because it included things like newspapers that you have to specifically request, spotty internet service, and the ability to use a gym with no weight room (access to the weight room costs an extra $15.)  . . Location is basically the Mandalay Bay, so you're on the edge of the Strip, and will need to either cab, limo, drive, or build in a lot of time to walk.  We walked during the day to the strip (taking advantage of the shuttle that gets you to the Excalibur) but generally cabbed it at night.  It's only a $10 cab ride to the center/other side of the strip, so not too bad.  . . Within THEhotel, there's no casino but it's connected by a short hallway to the Mandalay Bay hotel and casino, which is huge, and has tons of restaurants, bars, etc. . . Hint: there are a couple of nice pool tables hidden back near the lounge near the front desk.  It's a great diversion if you're looking to spend some time away from the tables. . . I would probably recommend staying here in the summer, given the reviews I've seen for the pool next door.  In the winter, it's not quite worth being so far off the strip, when you have similarly trendy options like the Cosmopolitan or Aria that are right in the center of things.
I was here in post-Christmas December 2010 and put a lot of things in my body, said a lot of things out of my mouth, and let yet other things hang out of my mouth in here with little to no care. We had a view of the Luxor next door, and an ok view of thestrip. Room was about $130 for a King bed, fairly large and hospitable bathroom and separated living room if you wanted to segregate business and ...well, sleep.. . The lobby is appetizing and gives you a fair prelude of what you'll have in the rooms, but alas, I still find it a letdown that flat screen TVs are still not the norm in Vegas. But to THEhotel's credit, there is a flat screen, 14"-ish, TV in the restroom so that you could watch from the bathtub, which unfortunately has no jets.. . The suite will make you feel like you got a good deal in Vegas, but that you're still missing out on some key throw-ins that should be part of any no-holds-barred sojourn of hedonism in LV---jets in a bathtub, comps for at least a day to a resort, FLAT SCREENED TVs, and slightly sleeker furniture. When your furniture itches your skin a bit, you know you've probably skimmed a little too much and should reassess why you came to Vegas in the first place.. . This up and coming hotel can't compete (except for with location) against the Palms, where your bathroom will be fit for the sultan of Brunei and prices for rooms at heights above the 50th floor are comparable if not $10 cheaper. If you have to have the strip, this is a good place to experiment with.
Room was very nicely furnished.  I had two complaints.  Gorgeous Flat screen tvs but very few channels to watch.  No Bravo etc.. We heard weird music late evening.  Husband thinks it was coming through AC vents.  Wasn't really loud but when you pay that much for a really nice room you don't expect noise to be an issue
Arrived 2 hours early and they told us they only had a handicap accessible room. We were told that the only difference was that there would be handlebars in the bath tub. We decided to just take the room. After unpacking,  I checked out the bathroom- the floors of the bathtub were dirty- I mean dirt marks stained into the bathtub floor. It was pretty gross. You have to not wash the bathroom floor for a while to get it stained like that.. There was also a chair with a plastic cover that was installed in the bathtub (the front desk did not mention this).. Don't take a handicap accessible room if they offer one- I wish we waited 2 hours for a normal room- my husband didn't want to repack our bags so we stayed but I wish we hadn't.  .. It also smells of some kind of very strong aromatherapy oil in the lobby. I swear I'm not high maintenance, but it was so strong it made me sneeze every time we walked through the lobby.  I'm giving a very generous 3 stars- but only bc this review is for the handicap accessible room, and I will give this place the benefit of the doubt and assume that the other rooms had cleaner bathrooms. Make sure to check out the bathrooms and all other parts of the room before unpacking. Lesson learned the hard way for me..
We've been to Vegas before and decided to choose a little more low-key hotel because, as much fun as Vegas is, we also wanted some relaxation and to take a break.. . Upon check in, we were immediately displeased. They had no king bed suites available. I wouldn't be so upset about it if, making my reservation, I chose a king size bed over a double queen. If they weren't going to promise it to me, why in the world did I even choose? We threw a little fit about why we bothered to spend our money on this hotel if we couldn't get what we requested, she went to "talk to the manager," and, voila, we got our king bed suite in less than 10 minutes. I actually feel bad for the couple in front of us because they were offered a smoking king room or a double queen. Obviously they wanted non-smoking, just like us, but took the smoking room just to have the king bed. Seems they might could have complained like we did and gotten the room they wanted anyways.. . And I find it even more ridiculous that we got our request so fast after throwing a small fit...obviously they have what we want available...they just didn't want to give it to us. . . Otherwise, the rooms were nice. The bathtub is huge, but not jetted. The shower was spacious, but a plain shower. The TV in the entertaining area was huge, and the bedroom tv was large. The bed was comfortable. The food at the hotel was ok, high priced just like all of Vegas. . . One of my complaints, however, is strange. The sheer amount of static electricity that was built up purely by walking around the hotel and worse in the rooms was astounding. My husband and I were shocking each other by accident all the time. I was shocked by the light switches or doorknobs or whatever else could get to me. That was a weird experience and did not happen when we were in Mandalay Bay Casino..but everywhere at THEhotel.. . Ultimately, it was nice, but we were put off from the get go and nothing just overwhelmed us as, "Wow, this hotel is cool." The biggest benefit was being part of Mandalay Bay, and being so close to the Luxor and Excalibur (which means easy access to the MGM Grand) with trams to both running during the day.
Arrived May 8th, service was friendly and efficient. Flying in at 11pm. It was hard enough figuring out how and where to park but also where the hotel lobby was. After walking through Mandalay bays casino we finally found it. The rooms are nice however, if you plan to use the pool expect to walk through the entire Mandalay bay casino to get there. Not exactly convenient. Bring your own drinks and snacks too as the treats in your room are priced high. The drinks in the casinos are high too, $13 to $7 for a beer.  My rating for this place is that it is nice but I will not be coming back.  It did not work for me. One thing I forgot to mention was the wave pool, I arrived early to get a great spot poolside at the wave pool, while enjoying the feeling of the waves I was approached by one of the several young and over zealous life guard type people who insists that I need to stand in front of a red line, seriously? I complied and shrugged it off, I decided to swim out into the deep area to feel the power of the waves as they pass, another one of the life guard types swims up on a surf board and tells me that I was to far out, it was at that moment I decided that this place was not much fun.  If you need constant supervision when your poolside, you'll love it!
Likes:  seperate living and sleeping quarters, 1.5 bathrooms, quick elevators, friendly staff, price (based on a internet special), location in reference to the rest of the strip and Mandalay.. . Dislike:  attention to detail on the cleaning (dirty wallpaper in the bathroom, small holes in the hallways, not having their own private pool.
Being the only hotel I have stayed at in Las Vegas, I really don't have anything else to compare it to. Except the fact that I have traveled a lot and stayed at many hotels around the country. The check-in was relatively painless. They did upgrade my room for free to one of the suites because they were unable to get all of our group next to each other as promised. . The room was amazing, just beautiful, especially the bathroom. . . I know this is Vegas and may be common practice, but I don't appreciate having a fridge in my room that I can't use unless I pay an arm and a leg. Also having candy, snacks and liquor sitting out that I also can't reasonably use without paying an exorbitant amount. I just can't condone the business practice of preying on stupid drunk people to make a buck. It's ridiculous. . . The cardio room was free but you had to pay extra to use the weight room, stupid. I didn't get a robe and slippers in my room, yet my other friends did in their room. I don't know..I just feel that I'm already paying enough for the room and actually picking this hotel over the other ones, so I shouldn't be screwed on prices for everything else.
Now normally this type of hotel deserves a five or four minimum star rating. It's a great place. And I've stayed here about four times now. But I gotta tell you my last stay was disappointing.. . For starters, I booked my room at least a month in advance. A few days before my trip. I double checked the room rates. And wow they dropped at least by a hundred dollars. I was pretty upset. No worries. That wouldnt ruin my Vegas, birthday trip might I add. So upon arrival, and check in. The desk cleark at check in says oh you booked a one bed suite correct. I was like no! WTF. I booked my room a month ago I said two beds. One for me one for my brother. Oh she says were all out. But well send a free roll away. And Sunday we can put you in a two bed suite. Really? Why the fuck would I want to repack my stuff come back down and recheck in to another room. It's too late, forget it.  That pissed me off. But I kept my cool. . . The stupid bitch didn't  even bother saying happy birthday or sorry. Nothing. She could of at least upgraded our room for free. A strip view, something. Whatever. We go to our room. Every things cool. Same typical suite. I was just over it at that point. Did not care.. . This hotel is real is unique, and I loved it up until that point. It has it's own separate entrance. Own check in. It's own spa. The room has a door bell which is neat. A useless fridge, but a fridge none the less. Floor to ceiling windows. Granite restroom counter tops. A tv in the restroom, and tv in the seperate toilet room. It's a really nice setup inside. And every room is a suite. So I think it is. Theres robes and free slippers to take home in the closets. Also I gotta give recognition to the free shoe polish for dress shoes. Very handy. It's a good place to stay For the very fair price. And honestly, I'd love to come back my next Go around. But that last stunt kinda killed my hopes and dreams for this place. Maybe next year. Or if a get a much better deal.
I'd rate this a 3+.  Nice suite with two separate baths, lovely soaking tub (would have been much nicer with jets, but take a side trip to the Lush store in the Mandalay shops and get some nice bath bombs!), tvs in living room, bedroom and in the bathroom which was small but nice to watch while in the tub.  No separate pool and quite a haul to the Mandalay pools.  Check in service was really subpar.  Location at the very south end of the strip not particularly convenient (although they do have tram to Luxor and Excalibur).  I did enjoy the Bathhouse spa, which was small but nice and very peaceful and not crowded.  Spotty wifi (but free) and bad cell phone reception (but I'll blame AT&T for that one).  Nice enough hotel overall, but next time I'll be at the Encore.
I just absolutely have to get this out of the way first - my first night here, I was woken in the morning by a huge ant crawling around my bed. Not fun. No action taken on their part. . . Besides the one terrible experience, I must say their suites are amazing - the embedded speakers in the ceiling throughout the suite, the 15ft floor to ceiling glass windows with night-blind shades and a large bathroom. . . Concierge was super helpful and the front desk did their job okay too. The location is a little far for the strip but perfect for the convention center!. . The decor is simplistic and not heavy on theme, so a good break from the neighboring hotels with the glitz and the glamour of the 70s Vegas.
Mixed reviews for this place so decided to give theHOTEL 3 stars.. . Let's start with the good:. . Love how the whole hotel offers all-suites with separate living room and bed room.  1 1/2 baths is great.  Dark tones for the room's color scheme makes the room like calming and elegant.  Huge flat screen with a DVD player in the living room was nice to watch movies.  . . Now the bad:. . No fridge that comes with the room, it's a suite, I figured a fridge would come by default.  Called for housekeeping, they didn't come for 2 hours.  The water pressure for the shower was kinda weak. . . Now the horrible:. . EVERYONE, if you walk up to registration and run into a kruella De-ville named Gigi...don't look at her directly or else you'll turn into stone.  She was the worst front desk rep I have ever dealt with in my life.  She was cold...(how cold?)...ice cold!  C' mon, i'm starting my mini-wknd vacay and it gets started with this mean lady?. . Here's what happened:  she nodded at me from the line so I walk over.   She asks for ID, which i gave to her.  Keep in mind, so far, no verbal greeting.  Then she does one of those receptionist/fast-keyboarding typing for  good 5 minutes.  Without telling me what's going on or what's taking so long.  So another 3 minutes goes by and still does not look up at me to acknowledge the lengthy check-in process.  Ok, whatever...just get me in my room and I'll be happy.  Then she asks for a credit card, so i obliged.  Can you tell me WHY she swiped my card 3 times so my bank ended up authorizing my  card for $1590, 3 times the price of my stay??  That caused a HUGE headache! arrgh! Originally I reserved a one-king suite, while she was banging away on the keyboard, I confirmed with her "what room do I have?"  She said "one moment."  Ok...now I see her coding my room keys.  Um...what happened to telling me what kind of room I have?  She ended up giving me a room with 2 queens.  Um, you witch...I asked you what kind of room I had so you can accommodate my requests before you assign my room.  She responded that there are no more King suites. Then said, "here are your keys, elevators are behind you."  WTF!? what happened to giving me a fake apology or something or offering to move me to a one-King suite when it becomes available?  I guess she was in a rush to get home to start making potions or something.  Whatever, I didn't wanna bother with her face anymore and just went to my room.. . It may not seem like my experience was that bad, but I guess you had to be there to know what I mean.  It was horrible. :/  Thanks for reading
We have stayed at THEHotel since it was new. After a 1.5 year gap in visits, we booked a room for two nights. Upon arrival we noticed the carpet in the hallways are worn out and dingy. Wall paper is peeling as well. The room was as we remembered, 1.5 baths, living area, sofa, arm chair and a desk. The flat panel TV is worn out and difficult to view due to the faded image. The two queen beds need replacing as they felt exactly like a Motel 6 would have in their rooms. The staff was friendly and the waiters were terrific in THECafe. Food was terrific in THECafe as well. A solicitor shoved pizza menus under our door which made us wonder about security. . . The pool is VERY family friendly, so if you want a kid free experience, try the Moorea instead. The wave/lazy river/lagoon pool area was very cowded on friday afternoon. Although we watched the lifeguards and security remove a surly guest. Floaty tubes for the lazy river are STUPID expensive (over $20 each), there are no rentals, and they will only allow life guard approved floatation toys.
We loved it! The service was great. We had the suite. Perfect for 3 girls. We had a tub and a shower. Plenty of room for lots of luggage. No complaints! The shower was our favorite. PS: the TV turns off on you in the middle of the show. Strange.
Worth a 3.5, but hey... that options isn't available.. . When it comes to Vegas hotels it seems like it'll come down to your preference of style and how much you're willing to pay of course.  THEhotel is a very modern and new hotel.  If you want your modern styling with granite counters, dark woods, etc... this is a good choice.  Unlike some hotels, these suites are "real" suites with separated rooms.  The bathroom is also very large and has a TV (sometimes it's useful).  The powder room out toward the entrance is also handy when you don't want people seeing the mess you've created.. . The service is what drops this place down to a 3.  Between our group we had 3 rooms, so this is the combined whining of all three rooms.  An ash tray took over 90 minutes to be delivered.  Room service took close the same amount of time.  And a shard of glass was found in one bathroom (perhaps some partiers dropped a bottle), but you'd expect that cleaned up.. . Overall... might be worth another visit just for the amenities and themodern styling, but... I'll definitely hesitate before I click confirm.
I booked a room and air package for 6 nights through THEHotel website. I noticed the room description for THE Suite said either 1 king or 2 queen beds. This being our honeymoon I wanted to make sure we had a king sized bed. I called the reservation line after I booked everything online and asked if there was a way to make sure we got a king sized bed in our suite. The operator insisted there was no way they could guarantee that. Really?? Why am I reserving a suite almost a year ahead of time? so you can decide the day I check in whether or not you have one? It makes no sense to me. She did say she could "make a note" on the reservation that we would prefer a king sized bed but again, there is no guarantee we will get one. Thankfully we ended up getting a king sized bed.. . Upon checking in I was asked for my credit card, not for the resort fees, (we will get to those later) but for him to put a 600 dollar "Pre-authorization" on my card. What?? The room is paid for a year in advance, I will pay your stupid resort fees whether I like them or not, why are you charging my credit card for something that appears to be 100 dollars a night security deposit? He says not to worry, I won't actually be charged 600 dollars and it will come off of my card when we check out. Actually it took 2 days after we checked out for the pre-auth to come off.. . Our luggage arrived at our room about a minute after we unlocked the door. The bell service was great. They brought my tuxedo to my room when it arrived the day before our wedding, and they came up and got it to be sent back to the rental service the day after. The maid service was also very good. We would leave for breakfast in the morning and come back later in the afternoon to a clean room, clean towels and the bed made. . . Everything worked in the room, electronic safe, alarm clock, hair dryer, etc. The TV's were older flatscreens (non-HD) and the channel offerings were limited, most of which seemed to be advertising Mandalay Bay restaurants and shows. It was nice to have a TV in the bathroom. The waterfall bath was nice and spacious..  . Outside of the room the carpets in the hallways are starting to show their age, kinda expected after being in operation for 8 years. Also noticed a few rips and tears in the hallway wallpaper. Not exactly what one wants to see in THEHotel.. . Saw some people complaining about the elevators, but even when the place was packed with rodeo cowboys and marathon runners, we never had to wait more than a minute or so for an elevator. We did hear people stuck in one of them, hollering for help. Really.. . I was not a fan of the confounded walk to get to the strip. I was starting to think they did not want us to find the strip. First hotel employee I asked "how do I get to the strip to catch the Deuce bus?" said I would be better off using cabs to get around. I told him we had alot of things to do and preferred to use the Deuce. So he gave me directions that sent me to an area with a sign "no pedestrians" and no sidewalks. We had to back track and then go a different route through a maze of walkways to get to Las Vegas Blvd. It was on our second day we realized the tram to Excalibur was the fastest route to get to the strip. Unfortunately the tram only runs till 10:30 pm weeknights. . . Upon checking out I was charged the 20 dollars a day (+12% tax) resort fees. At the end of our week, those fees came out to $134. More than the cost of a night's stay. I know it has been asked before, but I had to ask what they were for. I was told that the resort fees were for the pool, internet, and "other amenities" such as a free newspaper. Well, all of the pools were closed except 1 small heated pool while it was cold and rainy. We did not use the internet, and I did not get a newspaper. Why are we forced to pay for things we do not want? Why aren't these things FREE! included with the price of the room? If you insist on gouging us, split them up and charge for them IF WE USE THEM! Even if this is the norm in many Vegas hotels, you need to give your guests a break. Not all of us are high rollers. Some of us want to enjoy a vacation without getting nickel and dimed for things we don't want.. . Two of our wedding guests that also stayed at THEHotel were given 4 free buffet comps with their stay. They used them for breakfast and dinner 2 days in a row but were only given credit for 2 of the 4. Some rule they were told about at checkout, only 1 free buffet comp per day. Seriously?. . THEHotel was nice but next time I will stay somewhere else.
We checked into THEhotel on Tuesday for a 2 night stay.  The hotel rooms are beautiful and gigantic!  Very well maintained and luxe.  Reasons why only 3 stars were given:.  . -  No in-room coffee. -  Only allowed access to the "cardio" gym and not the full service gym.  To gain access to the full service gym, you have to pay an additional $15!  sheessssh!. -  Shower spouts out cold to lukewarm water for about 3 minutes after the water is turned on.  It also doesnt ever get really hot.  I don't understand why this is because the sink water went from zero to scalding in 2 seconds.. -  Thin walls or something - we could hear all this outside racket and noise while we were trying to snooze.. . The coffee and gym complaints are especially annoying because they charge you a $20 resort fee and then go nickel and diming you on these amenities.. . I don't think I'd return to this hotel.  It is pretty far from the center of the strip and also because of the complaints above.
Nice suites in a new wing of Mandalay. Rooms were great, but Casino was not - slow nights, dead floors. . . I ended up at the Luxor most of the time. Not much happening at the far end of the strip.
I really like The Hotel at Mandalay Bay because its off the beaten path. No casino just a hotel, but you can walk 500 feet and be in the middle of a casino. The only problem is the last two times I've stayed here it took forever to check in.. . I like the 2000sq foot suite, it is large, and has tremendous views,but this time it wasn't ready. I had to wait for approximately an additional hour. And then the room wasn't really meticulous. . . Next visit I'll be staying at the Aria or Mandarin Oriental. It's a shame because I've been staying at THEhotel for the  last several years but it's getting old and service is lacking.
To my great and appreciative surprise I received a gracious reply to my letter to M Bay. They were very apologetic and credited an additional night to my bill. Every point was touched upon and an effort made to rectify the problems. Unusual but welcome response.
The Mandalay Bay was a great place to stay of for the price that was found on Expedia. I thought cool, I saved 20% by using there service for purchasing. When I arrived at the hotel, I was informed that there would be a mandatory $28 "convenience charge" this included a poor bandwidth connection at best (speed test performed by speakeasy.net) good thing i brought my Clear mobile access which which ran circles around their "bandwidth" its only a 4g connection too! access to the cardio room (didn't use it) a daily news paper ( I could care less) access to dial 800 in room calls (unlimited cell service from my phone........and the best part.......outgoing fax service. I should have faxed a couple hundred pages to some Random fax in India just for the hell of it!.......it was nothing more than a convenient way of re-cooping the 20% I saved........you guys suck!. . Other than that, I had a great time........THANKS MANDALAY BAY!
I have to say, after dropping $250 a night to stay in a suite I was somewhat disappointed with my experience here.  Check in was fast and the gentlemen at the front desk was super nice; however, I go to my room and I have to say that it was pretty gross.  The tub was dirty, dust everywhere and the sheets and spread looked too worn and dirty for my liking (its called bleach, use it). I also expected the room to be updated a bit more. The TVs were old as was the furniture.  Outside of my room the staff was just ok.  I expected more but I am fairly low maintenance so I didn't require much. I happened to noticed it as I walked through and smiled at employees.  I gotnothing in return. MAYBE a curt nod.  We asked the conceirge for some recommendations for our night out and he acted as though we were a complete bother to his sitting on his butt and doing nothing.  I was offered the upgrade prior to my arrival for an extra fee.  Since I do not travel often, I took it in a way to spoil myself. I regret this decision. I feel like I was ripped off.
The price was right since we went on an off day and their computers were down, $100 before taxes and fees for one of their suites but we kinda got what we paid for-- The staff was helpful and nice and the room was spacious but cleanliness had a bit to be desired.  . . The towels were stiff and smelled a little peculiar (though we felt certain they must have gone through a wash), one of the complimentary robes smelled strongly of women's perfume, and the sheets had a gray residue like clean sheets had been rubbed against something dirty.  We didn't have a chance to work with the staff on a resolution so I don't know if they would have compensated us in some way.. . All in all, for our 8h Vegas layover it was a decent place to rest your head just not the luxurious get-away experience for which I was hoping.
i hated the hotel, loved the hotel, loathed the hotel, and resented this hotel all throughout my stay this past weekend.... . we arrived at the hotel around 330pm on friday...we waited in line to check in until 430 no JOKE. they had 3 people working the check-in (WHY IN THE WORLD DONT  YOU HAVE MORE EMPLOYEES CHECKING PEOPLE IN ON A FRIDAY AT 3PM CHECK IN TIME!) it was quite irritating and tiring after a long drive to wait but they walked around with water tryna make people more comfortable...no, everyone was hydrated but still annoyed.  we checked in and WHATTYA KNOW she told us our room was still being cleaned and we would have to wait an HOUR for it to be ready...what the crappp when I asked her why it wasn't ready when checkin is at 3 she said "thats not a guarantee" ew...so ew...after the girls and i settled in a corner for 40minutes and no call with our room number we moved over to sit in the lobby seating area...after almost 55minutes we went to the concierge and he gave us the room number ...WHEN WAS THE ROOM READY!!!!!!!!! why didn't they call me as soon as it was done?? why did we have to wait till past 5pm! right when we turned away from the concierge i got a call with our room number...u bastards.... . btw why are there so many dogs in the lobby??. . we got to our room and we loved that there was a bathroom outside with the living room and a large bathroom 2 sinks a tub & shower and toilet in the bedroom with our 2 queens... LOTS of mirrors everywhere which is amazing for a room full of girls getting ready in vegas!!. . the sinks were clogged and water in the 2 sinks in the bathroom would drain at a disturbingly slow pace but we couldn't move rooms we were too tired so we just dealt with it.  there were some stains on the duvet and the couches and the leather desk chair had been chewed apart on the arm rest...from a doggy for SURE!. . pools are lovely @ mandalay....the walk from the entrance to your room is QUICK unlike other hotels where you have to walk through a casino, the valet service was quick, and everything else was a-ok. . i loved the room set up but i didn't enjoy everything wrong with the room.  the fact that they are so inefficient at check in, its a dog friendly hotel (i love dogs but not in the rooms I'm sleeping in), and the uncleanliness is a turn off... . btw quiet hotel considering its vegas...if ur here to party go elsewhere...if ur here to rest with ur dog and have a nice weekend at the pool come here!
Since I am newer to Yelp, I am just getting around to posting this.  This is a review for Memorial day weekend last year. . . We decided that we loved the look and feel of the Hotel and decided to stay. I booked a suite, and they are located at the end of each hallway. The "panoramic view" is not panoramic at all. The windows are tiny slivers of a view.  And I found what "view" we did have, disappointing.  The room itself was clean and beautifully decorated.   Staying at the Hotel in a suite, I was hoping the view would match the price tag.  Not so much.  I have stayed at Mandalay and their standard room is just as adequate and boasts breathtaking views.  . . The pool, while nice, is dated.  You can't relax in a wave pool, order drinks from the pool etc.  I don't want to go to a water park, I want to relax.  It's definitely something the other hotels have a leg up on.
5 of us show up and only one has a room. The reservation on our printed documents were correct but the check in staff stated we should have arrived the day before. We were told..."we can give you a room tonight but tomorrow you are on your own". Each of us had a different check in staff person, and each was given the same answer word for word. We fought for hours and finally got the rooms we had reserved. The check in staff told others the same story. I would not stay here again unless it was for a convention and the room was paid for. I would call the week before and make sure that they didn't try to pull this again.. . Room amazing, housekeeping amazing, check in staff....epic fail!
We stay here every time we visit because we are noir card holders.  Which is pretty sweet actually.  Free accommodations, free limo service, front of the line access.  I wouldn't say that this is the best hotel I have ever stayed at but its decent and much better than Mandalay Bay.  It's dog friendly and has a nice spa and gym.  The only thing I would say I don't like is that it's so dark and drab.  Maybe that's the appeal but I would like it more if it were more vibrant.. . I don't mind staying here.  If given a choice, I would choose a more vibrant hotel.
Stayed at The Hotel while in town for a conference at the Mandalay Bay Convention Center. Overall, it's a very nice hotel. The rooms are very large and spacious and the beds are very comfortable. I also like that you are not part of the casino so your contact with smoke is limited. My only complaint is for the slow room service and lobby staff. Both checking in and checking out proved to be quite the process and room service had a consistent 60+ minute wait. Neither deal breakers, but worth mentioning.
Expected more from The Hotel. Can't believe they overbooked the hotel and was already turning people away at noon.
As others have pointed out, the parking situation is a pain. Signs for THEhotel aren't very good and you can't pull up to the front of the Mandalay to Valet because it's a separate hotel. . . At check-in we were upgraded to a corner suite, which was great because our room for the previous 3 days at Vdara wasn't very large at all. However, I noticed several things when we got up to our room that made me a little uncomfortable. There were some fingerprints on the pictures, makeup on the bed pillow sham, a hair in the jar holding cotton balls...little things that were missed by housekeeping that made question the overall cleanliness of our room. Had we paid for the upgrade, I would have called to complain. There are 2 tvs in the room, but neither are HD. There also is a $25 per night resort fee that after taxes is $28 per night. Beware though that most of the pool area is closed in December and the wifi can be spotty so I'm not sure why they're even charging a resort fee during these months. The room was huge and the living room was still nice to lounge in and catch an on demand movie. . . Breakfast isn't nearly as expensive in THEhotel as it is up the strip at some other casinos and it's spoke free and a quiet place to eat. One of the days, we took the trams up the strip to Ceasar's for their buffet, which is only $24 and worth every penny. We didn't try the buffet at Mandalay because the reviews weren't very good and it's the same price as Ceasar's Palace.. . The free tram to the Luxor and Excalibur is convenient and we used it a lot, which saved on cab fares. You can actually get off at the Luxor, walk past NY, NY and then hop on another that will bring you to the Bellagio pretty quickly. All in all, it wasn't a bad place to stay, but for the price, there are better MGM properties up the strip at Aria and Vdara. If you're looking to club, this isn't in the right location for you either.
It was not the hotel that I expected.. You can hear noise from next door. It was so loud when next door open and. close the door.. There is no amenities other than shampoo and conditioner.
Used to be my favorite hotel in Las Vegas, but it's just not as nice as it used to be. It doesn't really have that "new hotel" feel anymore, cracked tiles in the lobby, old TVs, weird elevator noises, etc, but it has held up pretty well and isn't showing it's age as badly as some of the other newer hotels.  . . Everything seemed better before MGM took over Mandalay Resort Group. Maybe it's just because it was newer. It always seemed cleaner, the players club was better, and the staff was friendlier. I still recognize some of the same employees from years ago when it was still MRG, so I don't know why customer service has gone downhill. . . Still a very nice hotel though, and a great property. We always stay here when we go to conventions because there's three of us and the 2 queen room with the living room couch for the third person works pretty well for us without getting two rooms. . . When I come to Vegas for any other reason these days, I prefer to stay closer to the center of the strip, especially if I don't have a car. More to do in walking distance. I'm sure the south end of the strip will eventually make a comeback.
The Hotel is very nice, but as far as great hotels go, this one is good.  I have stayed here twice now and both stays were about the same.. . The rooms are spacious, and nice.  I love having the living room, bedroom and extra powder room.  The beds were comfortable, the bathroom is amazing (love the huge tub and shower).. . It would have been 4 stars except for the quirkiness!  First stay, the shower didn't drain the first morning and filled up to the top and almost flooded the bathroom, the room safe was already locked when we arrived in the room and we had to call to have it unlocked by the locksmith.  The mini-bar is the old fashioned, need a key style, which we didn't get our key when we checked in (I have a mini-bar thing!), we called, someone brought one up (very nice!)...and the next morning housekeeping took it.  Hmmm.. . Second stay, 1/2 of the lights in our room didn't work.  Except for the one's in the closets...which we had to slam the doors shut a few times to get them to go off.. . One thing I will say is that I completely understand that hotels have issues and guests will have problems.  However, it's how the hotel deals with the issues that makes all the difference.  They did a great job of that.  The service makes me go back and forth between 3 and 4 stars - but I'm settling on 3 because I think they could do just a little better on the room maintenance/upkeep.
We booked this hotel via Expedia.  the room was clean and a good size.   The pools were all closed except one tiny one.  They had as many chairs as they could stuff in there.  It was packed and super unpleasant.  We stayed on the 34 th floor and on Saturday night, you could hear the music from the nightclub.  It was pretty bad.  The staff was very pleasant.  The resort fee covers the cost of wifi. Not awful but not remarkable.
FIRST STOP! i was super confused when i got to the hotel. i was told i was staying at The Hotel but when i went to check into my reservation, i was told i was staying at Mandalay Bay. O_O anyways, they were able to check me in and didn't make me walk all the way to the other side and wait in line just to check in.. . There were 3 conferences happening at the Mandalay Bay that weekend, and when i checked into my stay i wasn't given any coupons or further information that i needed to know while i was there. not until i was asked to give my email address. AND THEN the girl who checked me in said 'OH! you are here for the conference! well, here's blah blah blah" i was given a fancy card key for those who were staying for the conference. i guess she thought i was staying for a fun time in vegas.. . it is seriously a maze at this hotel. good thing i already had a mini tour of this side of the hotel because i had to go back for a dinner meeting in one of their conference rooms.. . The conference room we had was pretty nice. good appetizers and lots of drinks! . . THEhotel looks very classy and luxurious with the dim lights.. . good thing this hotel is super near the airport so the taxi ride wasn't that expensive.
This is the second time I stay at this hotel. My company booked a suite for me there. The suite is ok. You have to walk a little to gamble at Mandalay Bay. The beach is awesome and it's heated, but the lazy river is not. For some reason the lazy river is not heated and there is no tube for rent.
"The Hotel" is just a hotel, no better. They want to pretend that they are on the level of the other Suite hotels (i.e. Bellagio, Venetian, Cosmopolitan) but the place is just not up to that standard. Service is little better than the average large strip hotel. Decor is average. Rooms are smallish and amenities in the rooms are only average. The WiFi is HORRIBLE in the rooms, and at the pool the only way to get decent WiFi is to PAY for it. . . Shower leaked constantly. Not enough power outlets for chargers (when was this place built? 1970?). No refrigerator. . . -----DO NOT RENT FROM AVIS AT MANDALAY------.  They were rude and they make you clean THEIR CAR since they have no cleaning facility on site. We were told that their $35 to $75 "cleaning fee" was assessed on MOST OF THEIR CUSTOMERS upon return. I could not get ANY answer as to what constituted "too much" dirt. Evidently ANY dirt inside or out results in a fee. It's completely up to them to decide if you get the fee. This is ridiculous! It's just a scam to get more money on top of the extra they charge for the "Convenience" of renting at the hotel. Then to top it off, the car we got was dirty on the outside with FOOD spread around the inside. To avoid the "FEE" we cleaned the car. What a great SCAM- rent dirty cars then charge people if they don't clean them up!
Got to the room and there was a random open bottle of water ..... . Enough Said
Aquarium is totally NOT worth it, unless you never been to an acquiring before. I wouldn't waste money on it.
THEhotel, the sister hotel to Mandalay Bay, was slightly disappointing.  Although I really liked the modern decor and large rooms, there were a few downsides that were quite unpleasant.  First of all, the whole hotel reeked of sulfur, from the lobby to the hallways.  I'm not sure what the cause of that smell was but it was pretty disgusting.  Luckily the smell wasn't in our room!  The rooms are spacious but the beds are not very comfortable.  Even though it was nice that the hotel didn't have a casino, thus no smoke, it would have been convenient to have its own pool.  If you want to go to the pool, its a 10-15 minute walk from the bottom of the elevators.Overall, it's not the best hotel, and I probably won't be returning.
Our stay was at the Four Seasons, but we had access to use all the Mandalay Bay facilities.. This hotel is as far of the south end of the strip as you can get and has a monorail tram connecting to the Luxor & Excalibur Hotels. We used this a lot to get as far north as possible. An easy walk from the tram stop over the bridges to NY, NY then to MGM Grand will connect you to the larger monorail system. . Do NOT eat at: The Noodle Shop, worst Pad Thai that ever was served.  The Bayside buffet was "meh" for breakfast. Seeing waffles freshly made we selected and although steaming fresh, they were cardboard-y and the scrambled eggs were surely powder eggs, yuk, prison food. . The Orchid had the BEST cup of coffee ever, serious. An OK breakfast, but not worthy of the $25 per person for awesome coffee. The service was excellent though.  . The casino was big and after finding some video poker machines with 9/5 odds settled in to serious gambling & cocktails waitresses were regular & kept the drinks at hand. Casino bathrooms are too few and far between. Heavy on the slots, few video poker, most offered 8/4 odds.. The pool was crowed and the chaises were so close together, there was no way to gracefully get in to one. The wave pool was interesting, didn't use the lazy river as we didn't buy/rent a float (I think hotel quests should get one per room, gratis rental).  . We used the tram to the Luxor/ Excalibur a lot to get north to the action part of the strip. . The service overall was excellent.
My husband and I stayed at Mandalay Bay only because there was a concert there we were attending and received a discount from the concert event. We paid 99 a night and I feel very badly for the people writing reviews saying they paid over 200 dollars to stay here...it's definitely not worth THAT much money. We flew from Fl so we were very tired when we arrived and lucky for us the room we booked was not available. We booked a king room and the new trainy girl said for the same money she could give us 2 queens. We thought that was considerate of her to down grade our bed size for the same price. We told her that we booked the king room through the website and that's what we wanted. Well after pitching a fit, she said she'd have a king ready in about 1 hour b/c they were cleaning it. The manager was right there and didn't apologize or offer anything for our inconvenience. Even though we were tired, we decided to wait for the king. We were hoping they would at least give us vouchers to eat, upgrade us for a night or anything b/c we had to wait, but they didn't feel it was necessary. Soo we just hung out in the lobby with our luggage for an hour until they called our cell phone to let us know the room was ready. We were on the 12th floor, view was of the pools/beach and airport. We heard the helicopters and planes but it really wasn't so loud you couldn't sleep. The only problem we did have was when there was another concert on their beach,  we could hear it perfectly as well as the screaming from the crowd right through the window. The room was nice though. We loved the flat screen tv in the bathroom...that was fun. The bed was comfortable. After settling in, getting undressed and trying to relax we got a knock on the door. After trying to get dressed to answer the door, the maintenance man almost started to come into the room b/c nobody was answering quickly enough. He said he was there to fix the drain in the shower, which we never called about. Well, he came in anyway and fixed something with it. I thought it was pretty rude to almost come barging in.  Nobody notified us that housekeeping was who called mainenance, so we called down to the desk and we actually received some customer service. Surprise for us. They comped us for the buffet downstairs. Also, we asked if we'd be charged to use the fridge and when we said we'd like to use it but were scared to open it b/c of the charges, they brought us a mini fridge free of charge. .  The location of this hotel is really why we'd never ever stay here again. It's so much farther from the strip then you'd think. We figured no big deal, we'll take the monorail and we'll walk. Well, when you're up late at night the monorail is out b/c it closes at 10:30. Walking from the strip through Excalibur, then Luxor and then through Mandalay is a loooong haul. We took taxis after awhile b/c my husband was sick and too tired to walk from the hotel down to the middle of the strip. The taxis are a total rip off. Instead of taking the strip they took the back roads and highway every single time. It was about 15-17 dollars a ride. Even when we wanted to go to MGM which is about a 5 minute car ride, the guy took us all around town. 15 dollars! to go 2/10 of a mile. It's just very inconvenient if you are wanting to go do a lot of things on the strip. If you're satisfied with just staying at the hotel and/or the other 2 hotels next door then this hotel would be fine for you (also at a decent rate) But for the same money it would normally cost to stay here, you can find better hotels on the strip or towards the center that are more convenient. Also, the only 24 hr restaurant was Raffles. Because it was the only one open at this hotel, there was always a huge line and all the other hotels were so far you really don't have many choices to eat. They need more restaurants that are open late. They had a hidden food court by the Shark Reef Aquarium but the restaurants weren't even open at 4:00 in the afternoon! We ended up ordering pizza from El Verde which was really good, cheap (10$ for a large) and delivered in 30 min. Look them up if you go!
We stayed here while my husband was working in Vegas.  I chose Mandalay because it looked the most family friendly.  We have two small children, there was no changing table in the pool area.  The pack and plays and fridges are $35 a night... I think those are amenities that should be included at a 4 star hotel.  I would probably look for another hotel next time - it was just okay.
Nice hotel, excellent pool and relaxing spa
Took the family for the weekend. We had a good time. Good pool.  Wasn't disappointed but not blown away. About what I expected    No specific problems, but nothing memorable.
I booked a 4-night stay in TheHotel the Su-Th on the week of Thanksgiving, and I have some mixed feelings about my stay. I booked through the Amex FHR program, so along with my stay, came some benefits that I received. . . Upon arriving at TheHotel at around 2:30pm, the line for check in wasn't bad. Under the FHR program, I get a one category upgrade (if available) complimentary upon arrival, and when checking in, the clerk at the front desk told me that the upgrade was available, but I would have to wait an unknown amount of time, or I could just accept the current room (TheSuite) and call guest services in about 2 hours and I would be able to get my upgrade. Since I had a sleepy toddler with me, I opted for getting a room right away and getting my upgrade 2 hours later. . . We made our way to the 6th floor, and opened our door to the room. I put my daughter down for a nap, and went to use the bathroom. Bad idea. I was immediately grossed out by hair in the tub. For a supposed 5-star hotel, this is just unacceptable. Furthermore, we called guest services and let them know what we were told about our upgrade, and were told that the upgrade was only available upon check-in. Feeling like we got ripped off, we waited for our kid to wake up and then went down to the front desk to alert them of our nasty bathroom situation, as well as the denial of our upgrade that was promised to us. The lady at the counter took care of us and we got an upgraded room (V Suite) on the 11th floor, a slightly better view... . . As mentioned before, the FHR program had some benefits, and one of them at this hotel was an $80/night free breakfast at TheCafe or TheCofeeBar. We were disappointed that TheCafe was closed for our entire stay (something I wished was explained to me at check-in), so I went back to the front desk and asked them what options were available to me. I was pleased to find out that I would be able to use the credit on room service, as well as at Raffles Cafe. Throughout our stay, we used it mostly on room service and at TheCoffeeBar, and once at Raffles (Raffles was awful). The credit took care of all charges except gratuity (awesome! Thanks, Amex!). . . The room itself seemed a bit dated, and this is understandable, since the Delano is about to move in; no real need for TheHotel to engage in expensive renovations. I liked that we had a 1.5 bath room, with a separate living area. It was convenient when I woke up early, that I could lounge in the second room without disturbing my wife and kid, and that I had somewhere to eat and put the room service trays, without taking up bedroom space. The bathroom was nice (his and hers sinks), and the tub (we got a clean one this time) was really deep and felt luxurious. . . To note, when walking into TheHotel from Mandalay Bay (a short walk), it's like you're entering a different world. There are fresh flowers that are replaced daily, and the staff are fairly nice (especially housekeeping and room service). My wife opted to go to the spa at Mandalay Bay instead of using the one at TheHotel, so nothing on that in this review, except that spa services at this resort are pricey. . . There was a resort fee, and it covered wireless internet, a cardio room (we didn't use it because it was at Mandalay Bay), free newspaper (nobody explained to us how to get our newspaper, and we only got it one day when room service brought it over. If it's really a benefit that we're paying for, then why not make it accessible to us, or drop it off outside our doors? Seems like a scam.) But, for the price I paid for the 3-night stay, plus the benefits, I'm not going to complain too much. . . The parking situation is pretty neat. The self-park area is right outside the hotel doors, so it was easy to get from the parking garage to our rooms. Also pretty convenient to us that it was in the same resort as The Four Seasons, because they didn't have a parking garage (pricey valet parking only there), so we just left our car at the parking garage when we checked into The Four Seasons on Thanksgiving Day. . . Check out was fairly simple. I did get a credit card charge of $6.50 afterward, which I am still confused about... . . Barring the nasty bathroom, issues getting my room upgrade, and unexplained credit card charge, I would say that this hotel stay was a good experience. This is nothing compared to The Four Seasons, but the pricing also reflects this discrepancy. It seems like there is some division in the 5-star hotel ranks, and I'm somewhat surprised that TheHotel is considered 5-star... . . All that being said, I am booked for another stay in February, and hopefully it will be better.
