Nostalgic... . Low hanging ceilings, more than comfortable beds. Flashy and cheesy, but that's the whole point of staying here.. . Confusing parking garage layout. People heckling, tons of kids running around and into you.. . The carnival games are still pretty fun. I have finally conquered the chicken pot game that as eluded me my entire life.. . They need more than a McDonald's in the play section.. . West bar  -$6 combo for tequila shot and beer. Funny bartender with a less than funny story of how he is where he is. Ah, the consequences of life and excess.. . This hotel is still pretty cool, in a random hodgepodge of a little-bit-of-everything-that-makes-it-all-random-but-adds-its-own-character kind of way.. . Kind of like an actual circus.
There are a lot of haters hating on this hotel, probably for good reason, but I am rating the arcade portion, because inside I am a child. . . It's dirty and a money hole, but I always have a good time there. . . The best game in the arcade was Deal or No Deal. I had the most frickin fun playing that game. I'm also a fan of the quarter pushing games, namely the Pharaoh one, but I'm probably the only fan of quarter games ever. . . Prizes are god-awful. I got a pretty decent bear and headphones.
This place is not the nicest/fanciest place to go. I definitely wouldn't stay at this hotel. BUT I will go to play in the midway and gamble. My favorite game is the horse racing one! ;) I'm a sucker for stuffed animals. . . Also they have $5 black jack tables, monopoly/deal or no deal slots. So thats good for me.. . Plus, it is a nice for kids, since most hotels in vegas are not really children friendly. They have a circus show every 30 mins or hour upstairs in the midway.
This place was not the bomb.  It was in fact anti- "the bomb".  Lucky for me I wasn't there for the casino but for an awesome gathering with 50 of my closest friends.  We got a set of suites in the main tower which were in fact THE BOMB.  So hey if you're here and you need a place to hang or a home base then definitely go for it.  Otherwise...damn....the casino is like ghetto plus twelve.  There were kids literally EVERYWHERE and I *LOVE* kids.  I was just appalled that people would want or be encouraged to bring their kids to a place that was SO filled with smoke and ilk just so their parents can get their gamble on.  I heard that ALL THREE pools were closed..that's just trifling.  The games on the midway did not seem to be outrageously priced at all but I was just taken aback by the need for this sort of 'baby sitting' service.  But hey,  I'm the sort that will stay at the diviest place I can find just so I'll have the money to have fun elsewhere.  If you're like me then this is a fine place for you.
I stayed in the hotel about a year ago during spring break.  Having never been to Las Vegas before, I was oblivious to the poor decision I was making.  The place is crawling with small children, the rooms are pretty dumpy, and although the hotel may claim it's on the strip, it's about 1.5 - 2 miles from where any of the real action is.  If you're looking for a cheap room, stay at the Imperial Palace.  Rates there are similar to those at Circus Circus but you're right in the heart of the strip.. . I should point out that the casino does have fairly low minimums - $2, $3, and $5 blackjack tables can be found.  The "Slots O Fun" building seems to have most of the cheaper tables.  So if you're a low roller, this place might be a decent spot to hit for some gambling ... just avoid staying in the hotel.
For the prices of the rooms and easy check in, I give this place a thumbs up... As for the rooms themselves.. It's pretty so-so.. . For the casino.. Also a so-so..
I was nervous when I reserved a room at Circus Circus. I read so many reviews. I decided to give it a try. I loved it. i stayed in the WEST TOWER on the 21st floor. The room was clean. I had no complaints. I normally take my lysol and spray the entire room, including the bed and bathroom. My 2 boys (14 & 11)loved it and they are usually picky. There were no kids in the hall running around, in fact I didn't hear any kids yelling during my stay so that was great. If you decide to stay here make sure you stay in the WEST TOWER. When I was checking in, I did hear people complain about their rooms, but they were staying in the skyrise tower and casino tower so i guess those rooms are not as great!!!!. Oh and try to check in around 2:30pm., there isn't as many people. It only take about 15 minutes at the most.
If your going to Las Vegas with kids I would recommend this place, if just as a couple, I would not.  Every attraction in this place is about the kids,  has a circus type show, then the little dart games popping the balloons for a prize type area,  arcade,  and of course the big pink dome you see from the outside,  which is the thrill theme park with the rides etc.  Its actaully a decent price for an all day pass for kids, its like $16.95 give or take all day, and the lines arent even long at all, even on a saturday.  The rooms itself were less then average,  can hear noise all throughout the hallways,  blow dryer noise from the in room air conditioner.  I went during the Manny Pacquiao fight this month.  For the little price you pay for the hotel,  just go in expecting sub par accommodations.  The buffet in this joint sucks!! But I had gotten comped for 2 free buffets, so me and my woman tried it, but definately wouldnt go in there to pay for it lol.
You get what you pay for. It's cheap for a reason. Great place to stay when you know you won't ever be in your room and just need a place to shower and take a nap.
I actually liked this dinky looking place. The big pink tent above sure catches your eye quickly if you're looking for this place.. . Boyfriend & I entered in a little before 9, check in time is 11 so we had almost 2 hours to kill before entering in. ACTUALLY check in time is at 2, you can check in at 11am but you have to pay $10 extra, not bad just to get to our bed earlier and rest a bit more. We walked around the waiting area, we came here for EDC and there were A TON of people here for the same thing, it was nice to see some fellow ravers before EDC even started :). . I liked how there were convenient $10 and under thrift stores to buy presents, a small tiny store that sold Hello Kitty items and a LED clothing shop which is PERFECT for EDC outfit & accessories. There's also a Auntie Anne's & Krispy Kreme right next to each other, yummmyy! There's also this cute pizza spot called Pizzeria , I ordered a delicious Pesto Pizzazz Pizza :]. . The hotel room was alright. We got the smoking room, it smelled like stogs in our room but the sucky part about this room was that we didn't even smoke in our room - _ - Since we were spending our time mostly at EDC, we just came back to our hotel; slept, watch a bit of tv, took showers, got ready and other things. . . Also another downer on this place was that it's filled with kids because of course of all the games and what not in this place :((
Circus Circus was SO cool when I used to be a kid. All I remember was going to the midway above the casino where they have all the arcade machines and waste so much time there.. . Fast forward to the present when I went there a couple times since I had some friends stay at the hotel. As far as the casino goes, there definitely needs to be some renovations done. The hotel rooms also need some improvements done as well. I suppose given the price it's a good deal but I would at least try and look elsewhere before I book a room there.. . The location of Circus Circus has a lot to be left desired since it's pretty far from the center of the strip where most of the action is. If you have a car then it should be no problem.
If you're a local or a tourist in Vegas and don't want to spend half your Vacation money on a hotel you'll hardly be in anyways, then this is the place for you. Cheap pricing, plus you're not in the center of the strip but your still in it and you can take the Deuce busses which only cost $2 for a one way,$5 for a two hour pass, or $7 for a 24hr pass (get the 24hr pass, its worth it) to get around anywhere you want/need to go!. . Staff is usually friendly, the crowd of people are usually a Family so this place is also great if you have kids with you - take them to the midway or adventure dome=the biggest indoor theme park in the world!. . I wouldn't recommend dining at this hotel, but you're not to far from some pretty good places to eat. Unless you're just going to the Deli than I would recommend other than that the food selection, preparation, and taste is just awful. . . The only reason I am giving it 3 stars is because they could update the hotel rooms a little - I mean I TRIED to watch tv but could hardly see the screen from my bed thats how small it was, plus there was quit a bit of static. That along with a few other things.
The Circus Circus Manor Motor Lodge is a good place for families and those just needing a place to crash in Las Vegas. we reserved the room during the Circus Circus half-price sale and the rooms were all of $30. The bed was comfy, the wi-fi worked well and the room was clean and tidy. They are renovating the rooms and that is nice. The major drawback the keeps this from earning a 4 (Very Good) rating, there are no coffee pots in the rooms!!! The Motor Lodge is behind the main building and quite a ways to the strip, wear your walking shoes.
Def just for kids.
I hadn't been to this place since I was 12... and nothing's really changed since then. All the memories of being forced to hang out at Midway for hours on end while my family gambled came rushing back to me... . . The only thing that made it fun this time around was being around my most favorite people and competing for the most prizes won. I liked playing miniature golf at the Adventuredome (which seemed like a dirty carnival) though. I didn't want to gamble here... slots or tables. Everything just looks so old and not "Vegas-y.". . This place might be nice for families with young children. I'm glad to say I will be good on coming back in about... oh, 12 years.
Not nearly as bad as I anticipated.  I got a dirt cheaprate for a clean place to sleep on the dodgey end of the strip.  If I ever need to be on that end of the strip again I'd probably stay here.
Gambling area and most areas of this hotel are awful, the two reasons Circus Circus gets a three star is the arcade/games area for the kids and the awesome The Steakhouse both deserve five stars.
This review would really be a 3.5 but watev. The hotel rooms aren't the best and the cleaning service is ok. The room with all the games and roller coasters arereally fun and family loved it. This is a good hotel if u want to bring kids!
We had a good time there lats night. i thought there was good value for the money.
5 star price.. 1 star decor.. 3 star average.. This place serves its purpose. It has incredibly cheap accomodation (seek and you shall find) and you don't have to have the nicest room on a budget when in Vegas. Who needs sleep?!. However, it's definitely dated where the carpet almost sticks to your shoes and takes an eternity to check in.. I remember visiting as a kid a very long time ago and the amount of things to keep a child entertained are amazing. It's the perfect place.. For adults, it's not like you can't get to another casino to enjoy the glitz and razzamatazz if you so desire!
This review is strictly for the gambling at this casino.  We played the $5 Craps table for several hours here and had a great time. The dealers were all very friendly and helpful.  The cocktail waitresses came by pretty frequently as well.  We enjoyed gambling here and would absolutely come to gamble here again.
It was a good experience to be in this hotel, the circus shows that are inside are really good, if you have kids its a good place to take them! The only thing I didnt like it was my room smelled too much to cigarrette and the views from my room were to an air conditioner place not godd
Circus Circus Las Vegas boasts of being the most kid friendly hotel in Las Vegas. With its big top attitude and its indoor amusement park it very well may be. The beauty of this particular hotel doesn't lie so much in its size or even the circus like atmosphere. The charm lies in the fact that it was something new and relatively untried along the Vegas strip. Rather than build to suit the gamblers they were hoping to attract, this particular hotel was wise enough to offer something new and untried by appealing to families with children rather than solely to gamblers.. . The gamble seems to be paying off in a city that is known for both its hits and its misses. Other hotels and casinos are also working to cultivate the family friendly image that Circus Circus has basically proven. Not only did this hotel build The Adventuredome Theme Park they also decided to make accommodations even more family friendly by accommodating RVs at the Circusland RV Park. This offers a great place for families to stay that might not otherwise grace the theme park, hotel, or the casino.. . Don't forget that there is a casino involved and that is the primary purpose of this gigantic hotel, resort, and theme park. The casino makes the expense of building it all very much worthwhile and brings in big business of its own each and every day. In grand Vegas style there is also the requisite onsite shopping and of course full service of wedding options in addition to a wedding chapel and banquet facilities in which to hold the reception of your dreams. The shopping at Circus Circus offers everything from ultra exclusive boutique shops and salons to stores such as Under $10 and the trading Post, which offers fad jewelry and other kid friendly gifts.. . This hotel has a somewhat unique concept that sets it apart from the many others along Vegas' strip. If you are traveling to Vegas with the family I very much recommend at least checking them out and comparing prices and packages with the other hotels and resorts in the area. Keep in mind that comps are like money in the bank particularly when they involve food or activities that you were planning to do even without the comps. So you may be able to negotiate a much better deal even if you're paying a couple more dollars a night by having free parking, complimentary meals, or tickets to events, shows, or attractions.. . Now we're on to my favorite part of the discussion. Dining options. Circus Circus does not disappoint when it comes to offering variety to its guests. In addition to The Steakhouse, there is The Garden Grill, Mexitallia, Pink Pony, Circus Buffet, Pizzeria, Westside Deli, and Barista Cafe. The food offerings accommodate varying budgets and familial needs by offering some kid friendly dining choices to visitors and guests as well. The good news however is that if these restaurants aren't appealing to you there is another hotel, casino, or restaurant next door that has different fare to offer.. . If you are looking for a great place to stay in Las Vegas along with the family there are very few hotels that will offer the overall environment of fun and wonder that you will find at Circus Circus. In addition to the wonderful rooms, the great food, the casino, and The Adventuredome Theme Park you will find that the shows here are as kid friendly and entertaining for the entire family as the atmosphere in general. This is a great vacation destination anywhere. Considering the fact that it is in Las Vegas and it is very nearly the perfect vacation retreat for those with children.
Circus Circus is pretty cool! I was in Vegas weekend before Halloween a.k.a Kim Kardashians b-day weekend! The dome was the "fright dome" because of the holidays...I recommend going there for halloween! The hotel overall is kinda grimy but I LOVED the midway area of carnival games and all of that cause I felt like a kid again! I'd come back for that alone!
Haven't been here in 20 years!. . Decided to take a trip down my kid memory lane and win some stuffed animals for my Puppy Bulldog.. . I actually still have the magic touch with the games - won the claw game a couple of times, and won at the softball in jug game and got a huge basketball just in 7 tries!. . Still needs a facelift outside.
I won $320-ish here on a penny slot.I did actually receive drink from one of the waitresses finally, which is more than I can say for most of the casinos I hit up. I did like the floor as it was not too busy but was a lot of fun with all the colorful, but dated, decor and the acrobat shows every so often. I think I might come here agian, but I would hope the rooms are more modern.
I never thought I'd say this, but it's true: Circus Circus really is A-OK.. . To be fair, I stayed in one of the (most) recently remodeled rooms in the West Tower. This gave me easy access to the hotel lobby and the cab line, although it put me pretty far back from the Strip. However, if you're staying here, you're probably going to be taking cabs a lot, as it's easily a 30-minute walk to anything that's not the Riviera.. . I only stayed at CC for about 36 hours, but I wouldn't have minded staying longer, especially with a big group. There's plenty to do here - penny slots, cheap blackjack, bars and restaurants. If you want to use the Deuce bus that runs up and down the Strip and to Downtown, there's a stop with easy access.. . Bottom line, if you're coming to Vegas on a busy weekend and can't find anything at a reasonable rate, give Circus Circus a try. Just be sure to bring a lot of cab money.
LOL. Circus Circus. I don't mean to laugh in a bad way, but I love the dirty old charm of this place. It smells of bad carpeting in the game area. The arena is pretty cool for indoor rides and cheap beer.
Apparently Circus Circus is working on remodeling their hotel towers. Let's hope the updates and upgrades will improve the mediocrity they currently hold.
Stayed here for 3 nights and it was fine. Not magnificent, but in line with expectations of a 2 star hotel.. . I booked the hotel based on price never being in las vegas before. After reading the yelp reviews after booking, I was terrified. Horrified images came to mind like bed bugs and musky smells.. . It turned out fine. A simple double bedroom with no frills. No couch, no kettle, no coffee maker, no fridge. I was in the highrise tower with complimentary parking conveniently located next to the tower.. . There was an additional resort fee of 7.95 per night in addition to my vacation package. I knew beforehand so I was fine with the fee. It included internet which was a must for me, and worked with no hitches.
Circus Circus is a good value if you want to do Vegas for cheap. They're remodeling a lot of rooms right now and they're not half bad. There's plenty of stuff to do in the hotel and access to other attractions nearby. The pool here is too small though and it 's also lackluster. I like staying in the motor lodge section of the hotel for easy access to parking and the rooms. Not bad if you want a little bang for your buck in Vegas. There're definitely worse places to stay.
Used to come (and stay) here all the time as a child with family and our family friends. One of the few kid friendly areas around. Still is, though age has definitely taken it's toll on the place. . . The draw was the Midway (and Adventuredome, though I don't like their hours of operation). Better and larger than the midway at Excalibur Casino (where half the game booths are often abandoned). This is still a place I stop by as an adult, from time to time, especially when I'm losing a bunch of money gambling and I feel a need to win something tangible in return. [My carnival game of choice: the basket toss.]. . There's so much history of this place for me, and for that, there will always be a place in my heart. I just wished there was a facelift to the place.
Visited and stayed at Circus Circus, "Manor Motor Lodge,"which is the motel portion of the resort. The rooms were older, but clean. The casino attracts lots of families and there's a lot of stuff for kids to spend money on. Didn't feel ripped off at all.
The reason I give this 3 stars instead of 2 is only because the fried chicken was fabulous. The rest of the food was so-so. Nothing to write home about. But the fried chicken. Mmm
I stayed here all the time when I was little, and loved every minute of it. There was nothing cooler than staying up late in a foreign room and watching Circus Circus "Clown Cops" on TV. Now that I am older, I realize that this place has really gone down the drain. There is duct tape covering holes in the carpet, and the bedding looks like it might get you pregnant if you sleep on it. I never knew there was a "carnival" type floor, my parents probably didn't tell me about it so I wouldn't put their life savings into a video game. Now when I go to Vegas, I stay at The Golden Nugget, which has an amazing yet freezing pool.
We don't need the Bellagio, CC is just fine.. .     The buffet, unfortunately,   is underwhelming.. .     Because the crowds are sparse, idiots are using hardened nails or something to scratch mirrors and stainless steel elevator doors.. .     The room was pretty good, decent TV, it sat in a monstrous wood thing.  Room seemed fairly recently remodelled, no worn carpet or anything, no complaints.  It was stuffy when we first got to the room because of the "green" ac/ heater / air circulator that won't go on until it senses motion ( unless overridden ).  That is stupid  IMHO.  First impressions count.. .     The trapeze act I saw was impressive.  I was playing slots on on the floor, and the way they have it arranged, there were bleacher seats above me for the families, but I could see the show from a level below.  They were very talented, but had sort of a "mail it in" feel, because the crowds were sparse.  They were also easy on the eyes.. .     Payout percentages on slots seemed OK.  I was up but of course started betting more with "house money" and gave it back.. .     Number of drink hostesses was OK, especially " Marilyn", on duty Friday early, she was a gem.  Full bottles of beer, real sized bar drinks.
I stayed here in the summer of 2011 with my husband and his family. We had three rooms in total. When we walked up to the Hotel from the parking lot there was an overwhelming smell of garbage. Inside the lobby we checked in, gotten our rooms keys and we went up. My father in-law however, chose to get us up on the wrong floor and we got a bit lost, not knowing where our rooms were. He decided to get some help and we were helped by a staffmember of the hotel. It was all friendly and professional. . The Rooms:. Me and my husband went into our rooms and I thought it was going to be a bit of a run down room, but it was not! It was pleasant, good in size and neat. Instantly I felt more relieved, that was until we wanted to put some cash and jewelry in our safebox, which did not work. I alerted my father in law and he contacted front desk. They said that someone might come to our rooms tomorrow between 12:00 AM and 4 PM. Uhm, we're supposed to be in our rooms the whole day? We didn't do that and used the safebox from my father inlaw. But it was a bit frustrating that they could not send someone straight up. . Even though the rooms we had were fairly modern and pretty, some parts of the hotel it self were a bit run down. When me and my husband walked towards the pool we peeked into some other rooms that were being cleaned and we were shocked (and happy) to see how the quality was in there. . The Buffet: . A no go... It was disgusting, and very unsatisfying... Everything I ate there tasted like plastic. That was not even the worst part, when I went to grab food I noticed chicken bones on the carpet, lying between tables, anyone could have spotted it. When I went back to my seat it was still there, and when we left it was still there. We had been sitting there for quite a while and it seemed to me it was ridiculous that none of the waiters had picked it up. So I got a napkin, picked it up and dumped it on a not yet cleaned table.. We did go into the Adventuredome, but we didn't go on any of the rides. It does seem like a fun time for kids, but I got no clue why anyone would take their kids to Vegas to be honest...
Came here while in vegas, mainly for the indoor amusement park we had heard about.  It's cool to see a rollercoaster inside, but it did look like it needed some work.  Its a nice change of pace from all of the casinos and nightclubs.  I stayed at the Flamingo and walked over here, boy was that a long, hot walk. Will remember to go with a cab or a bus next time. I also remember them having a ton of shops, not places that I like to spend money at, but still nice to see.
Pretty much this place is underrated. We had a great time here with the children. if you aint about family fun in vegas, screaming kids, or saving a little money on a hotel room, save yourself that "im too good" or snobby ass review and book at the wynn or stay elsewhere. This place caters to kids and adults. Arcades, fairgames, blackjack and craps plus circus acts. My kids had a blast andso did the wife and I. 3 good stars from me. Book a west tower hotel, nice.
Review for casino only:. . I was at Circus Circus last night to go to their Steak House restaurant.  I had forgotten how large the place is, but coming from the garage in the back, I didn't have to go to the main casino.  I did anyway just to see one of the circus acts.  Roller skating duos must be the rage in Las Vegas with a couple spinning there last night.. . The place was cleaner than I remembered from years ago.  It's not a place I'd go except for the restaurant, but it is OK.
I stayed at Circus Circus in February of 2012 with my husband. The price for the room was very very inexpensive, which is why we chose it. The rooms have been recently renovated and we found them to be very nice. There was a long line at check in and it took at least 30 minutes to get up to the desk. The casino is pretty sad looking, smoky and run down. We didn't spend much time there, so that didn't both us too much. We were there for a convention in another hotel. If you want a nice room, at a cheap price and you don't care about the other parts of the hotel/casino, then I recommend it.
This place reminds me of my childhood vacations in Vegas. This is definitely one of the old parts of Vegas that has a special place in little children's hearts, as it holds one of the most amazing arcades ever.
I wish I could give this two and a half stars...because....well....  it's just below A-OK..... . I've stayed at the circus circus before and it is definitely not my first pick for a vegas hotel but it was the most reasonably priced option for a holiday weekend (St. Patty's day). Plus it had been long enough since my last visit to forget the bad and remember the good. The bad stuff first. Check-in, check-in is mayhem...total mayhem...., plus you get to hang with every drunk partier who can't afford anything other than the motor lodge super saver rate-just think bad frat party. It took about half an hour+ to get through the village of the damned check in line. It's here we should fast forward to the OTHER bad thing about Circus Circus....Check OUT....which is impossible. I mean....getting out of the building is impossible. On Sunday-you should get up regardless of your hangover and try to leave as early as possible. The elevators can not handle the volume of guests that the hotel books, after waiting nearly 45 minutes for a downward elevator with enough room we decided to walk down....yeah...on the stairs... from the 32nd floor. It was grueling-but not so much as having to ascend five flights after finding out that the exit stairs kinda go to nowhere-so up to the fifth or sixth floor to try to catch another elevator-but that took another 20 minutes so we ferreted out the other staircase which took us down to the third floor where we could then find an empty single hidden elevator to the lobby. The parking garage was equally hellish. . . So the good....the West tower rooms are kinda ok, during the week when they're dirt cheap I'd say they're stellar, on the weekend the rooms soar up to the $100 a night mark, it's supply and demand but honestly-vegas is rad any day of the week, maybe even moreso when there's fewer tourists so the review should be taken with that grain of salt....if the tower room I had was $40 or $50 like it is during the week-I'd be way more stoked.... . . . The bed was comfy and although they already show their age after the recent renovation... the rooms were pretty nice. I do have to say it was super awesome that the concierge upgraded us to a jacuzzi room on check in-that was amazing. It is on the strip (more or less) so that was convenient, and I did win enough at the casino on their super loose slots that the room ended up being reasonable on price. Weird crowd though-lots of unusual characters-kinda what you'd expect to find at the cheapest rooms during a busy weekend in vegas. There were a lot of kids milling about-I noticed this in other's reviews and it's true. . . Would I stay here again...maybe...but only on another weekend where I couldn't get one of my standby hotels like The Cabanas at El Cortez, or The Artisan.... if you want the total tourist experience then yeah-this is a good choice... . . Oh and yes....the Motor Lodge annex is really a no-go zone....
I swear teleportation exists. How do I know this? Because of Circus Circus. Everytime I step inside Circus Circus, I am instantly transported into Tijuana. It is so weird. I can't figure it out. I mean, I don't want to be in Tijuana, but it happens everytime. Soooo weird. . . But I will give Circus Circus a fat high five for their midway games and their theme park. I'm not sure if I'd bring my future kids there in fear they might be kidnapped and sold, but nonetheless I. HAD. SO. MUCH. FUN. THERE as a kid. Man, I remember fucking every other kid up at TIC-TAC-TOE, watergun races, bean bag toss, rock climbing... pretty much everything. I'm not even sure how my parents were able to fit all my prizes in the car. I was like Jeremy Lin before Jeremy Lin was even invented.  COME AT ME BRO!
Stayed here for 2 days in the west tower. The room had been remodeled and was clean. We brought our toddler and took him to the adventuredome, which was fun. Not too expensive. . . The casino is old and smoky. Not classy and shiny like the other, newer ones we visited. . . We will stay somewhere else next time, for variety's sake, not because this place was terrible. Also, it's about a mile from the other hotels. Get ready for a trek.
I just stayed here and its a good place. If you have kids thay will have. The money goes more here the In other casinos. Cheap place to eat, sleep, & play.
I have never stayed at Circus Circus, though I did take my kid here for the circus acts and to the Adventuredome.. - On the day we went, we got to see the Circus clown and the trapeze artists. They have shows periodically, starting at 11 am. Seating is limited, but there is place to stand on the sidelines.. - Adventuredome has a number of rides for kids. Don't miss the 4D Dora Diego show. Recommended for young kids.. - Play area for kids with rides. Come equipped with a bag of quarters for this one. . . All in all, a decent experience. If planned well, a trip to Circus Circus can be a fun one for kids.
We decided to stay here since we were having a family vacation and it had the Adventuredome. We checked in at 3:30pm and the line was sooo long it took us about 20 minutes before we got our keys. I called the express check in line at 3pm and was told we wont be able to get the keys until after 4pm since you have to call an hour ahead. Wish they told me that when i made the reservations! After being on the road for 8 hours, the last thing I wanted to do was wait in line to check in. Anyway, we stayed at the West Tower rooms and it was nice; flat screen TV, built-in safe, pillows were fluffy and the granite tabletops made it look classy. The bathrooms were clean and spacious. We got 2 connecting rooms, and the only upset was that the other room smelled like bleach when we first walked in and the carpet  was damp. After a few hours, the smell went away and the carpet dried up, so not much of a complain there. Overall, the room was above my expectations for $37/night. The Adventuredome was pretty cool too. I recommend getting the all day wristband because each ride costs anywhere from $5-$8. . . Piece of advise, DO NOT GO TO THE BUFFET. IT SUCKS.
Not bad. Not bad. . . I stayed here the past weekend with a group of friends for $89/night.  The room is pretty similar to a motel room but it was pretty clean and decently spacious. The staff is friendly and the housekeeping has quick service. . . We stayed in the manor buildings which are just across the street from the main hotel and casino.  We didn't really mind since the rooms are cheaper and it's just a 2 minute walk.  Also, there is a separate pool justfor all the manor buildings too.  I enjoyed staying at the manor rooms because it seemed a lot less crowded even though I know all the rooms are booked as well. . . Make sure you make use of you coupon book!  There's lot's of good coupons like free rides at the Adventure dome and free drinks at the bar! And free wi-fi!  :)
I have stayed at Circus Circus several times over the years. It is a decent hotel with the basic amenities, in a slightly more kid friendly environment than the other hotels. The pool is not the scene that it can be at times with the other hotels though.. . I would suggest using priceline.com or hotels.com etc to get a hotel, I have done that and ended up here for all but one of my Circus Circus stays. It is an older hotel with a different ambience than many of the other casinos. . . There is a shuttle that will take you from one end of the strip to the other cheaply that leaves from here multiple times a day as well as cabs cruising up and down the strip. If you like to get in a workout, its a nice walk to work out those sore muscles after a car or plane ride to some of the other hotels.. . The pool is bare bones basic. The casino is reasonable but nothing that I play too much at. The midway shows are fun for all and no other hotel has the free circus/midway acts that they do here. They also have the kid allowed gaming area which is a fun place even for adults to enjoy.. . Definitely an acceptable place to stay when you get a deal on a room of $50 or less a night (usually on the weekends too).
Ehhhh idk why ppl complain about this hotel. Duhhh its so cheap!!! What do u expect??? I booked a room here on the skyrise tower or whatever idk its near the adventure area where their rides for kids. It was decent i didnt expect it to be mgm style or whatever. Got the room for 50$ so ya . . Anyways this place didnt let u check in until 2 pm or so but we got here at 8am and they asked us to pay $20 to check in at 9am then we agreed but there wasnt any room.  So they waive the fee and got us a room at 11am.. . This hotel is great for kids, usually i stay at mgm or treasure island, or planet hollywood however i took my bro so it was good for him. & this is where i stays when i was a kid myself! ^^. . And for some reason they force me to buy a coupon book for $10 !!! R u serious? Arent coupon free? Lol they say bc it was required to buy so whatever
I remember the second time I came here with my parents when my brother and I were still kids. This was the best casino for us, kids who were underage to hang out. They are very strict with underage kids, who cannot pass a certain area and line. Securities here watches you like a hawk watches their prey. Just becareful and not to leave your kids unattended. . . Second floor, there are games and kids shows. The type of games they have are carnival games and arcade games. There should be a food place up stairs but not so good,but good enough for your kids to snack when they are hungry.. . hotel- cheap hotel, even cheaper on the weekdays.. Comfortiness- Not very comfy.. Close ness to the strip - not very close, not very sure if there is shuttle but a bit far to drive onto the strip. . Gambling-cheap games. At least cheaper than most of the casinos on the strip.
I had always heard of this place as a dump so I was a bit weary on staying here. But, we came on a family trip and this was the family (kids) place. Stayed in the skytower room and the check in desk was kind enough to set us up in a room near the elevator since my mom had problems with her knee. Pleasantly surprised by the room. It was clean and semi-updated. Towels were new since they were still leaving the linty stuff behind. Great view of the pool that we never got to use. The midway and adventuredome is where we spent most of our time. Got good use of our coupon book and my son had the best weekend ever! This place is overly crowded with families, kids and a few strange ones out there. Its a popular place for large groups on convention, competitions and school trips. Because this place is loaded with kids and teenagers...expect the debauchery of kids being kids running around all hours of the night and being loud and obnoxious. Didnt bother me none...these are kids enjoying time away from home! Beware of the typical check in and check out times as it is nearly impossible to get an elevator. Bell Desk was great and helped my mom out with a motorized scooter to get around more comfortably. Dont expect this place to be up to par with the nicer or average casino hotels on the rest of the strip.And it is kind of a distance to walk towards the center of the strip as the casinos on this end of the strip are a bit more spaced out. So, wanna visit vegas on the cheap and with kids? This is a good place. Don't be a cheapo with the valet or bellhop. The service comes in handy. The bellman was nice enough to take all our bags to our car in the skyrise parking tower and loaded them all in for us. Oh and they offer free wifi...but i was never really able to get good use out of it and my reception wasn't that great in the casino. And if you dont want to be woken up by housekeeping early in the morning, place your do not disturb sign on the door before bed. They woke us up both mornings pretty early to clean our rooms.
Located on The Las Vegas Strip, this was one of the first family friendly resorts. It has n amusement park inside!  But most importantly it was used in the James Bond Film Diamonds Are Forever. The interior has changed quite a bit, however if you look carefully you can see where the film was shot. The property itself is a bit rundown, but the room prices reflect that, so you you will get a great deal. It wouldn't be my first pick but check it out for the James Bond connection! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
This place is okay if you are taking children with you. IF YOU DON'T HAVE CHILDREN...DON'T STAY HERE. Lots of kids and families running around. The rooms are reasonable priced and clean. Not sure about the Casino I don't gamble. However, It's pretty big with lots of slot machines.  But no partying or clubbing going on in Circus Circus.
It'll do in a pinch if you want an epically cheap room. Circus Circus is serviceable, but its once prime location has been marred by the fact that projects meant to go up near it have been abandoned. Now the place stands alone on the North section of The Strip. Still, walking, taxing, or training to the more bustling mid-Strip won't take too long and the rooms are, once again, dirt cheap. You won't find anything resembling luxury, but why not save money you'd spend on a room for the casino and a nice meal?. . Speaking of which, Circus Circus has a suprisingly good Steakhouse. Great prices, a large amount of food, and the quality is super high. It might not be as hip as places in newer resorts or have a celebrity chef's name attached to it, but it's a great Steakhouse. Save money on your room and dine like a king at the restaurant.
Great place for the price.. . Pretty far from everything else on the Strip but very close to the strip clubs haha. . Service was decent.
This is one of the older hotels still remaining on the strip. It's known as the most kid friendly, but it could do with an upgrade.. We took the kid with us this time. She is five so it was fine for her. The rooms appeared to be upgraded. At least the one we were in appeared to be. . However, when we got to our room, one the beds was missing a bed spread. Called the front desk and the Housekeeper guy brought us a bed cover, that goes over the bed before you put the sheets on. We told him that wasn't what we asked for. Had a bit of attitude and said that's what the front desk told him. Apparently sounded like he'd been verbally abused by the guests a lot. Anyhow we got it all sorted out and he came about 10 mins later with two new bedspreads, so that they would match.. . Adventure dome was transformed into Frightdome so they closed early at 6pm so they could prepare for 7pm admissions.. . Not a bad place to stay, but the staff could be a bit more friendly. I think we'll  opt for Orleans next time.
I wanted to be close to the Convention Center (easy walk), and booked a Southwest Air package which included two nights at Circus Circus.  Jaw-dropping low price. After reading all the negative reviews, I was prepared for the worst.  No need!. Circus Circus is just fine, particularly given the very low price point for a strip property.  Admittedly, the lobby is a bit of a labyrinth (aren't all the strip hotel lobbies?); the solution seems to be requesting a room in the "West Tower," as those elevators immediately adjoin the hotel check-in area.  My large-sized clean room on the 20th floor had two comfy queen beds, and a nice LG flat screen.  Wifi ("included" with $8.95/day resort fee) was serviceable.   No toiletries to speak of, so keep the expectations low there, but the towels were fluffy and plentiful.  Maybe other "Towers" are tired, but not so for the West Tower.  I didn't eat at the hotel (except for Krispy Kreme pick-up), and the circus "midway" is actually pretty fun.  You know what?  I'll stay here again.
First it was quite hard to find my hotel room: this is a real labyrinth. But I guess this is more or less the same for all Las Vegas hotels.. . What was a real pain is that Wifi never worked properly. I know it was during CES show, so, many many people trying to us it, but then, common, don't put a stupid paper in the room saying "you get free ultra fast internet". It was sometimes super slow, and sometimes not working at all.. . It is a bit far (by foot) from the main hotels and attractions of the Strip, butthe hotel by itself it ok, free (crappy) wifi, free garage.  Deli's had a not bad "sunwich" breakfast.. . OK, that's one of the less expensive decent hotels so 3 stars looks fair.
Circus Circus will always hold a special place in my heart because my family and I used to go a lot when I was young. My sisters and I would spend hours playing the midway games while our parents gambled. It was so much fun going home with bags full of stuffed animals.. . The hotel could use a little remodeling though. These days it does seem out of place with all the new flashier hotels on the strip.
I usually stay here when in Vegas as the rates are pretty good if booked through Hotels.com or another site such as that. I stayed at the Manor this time and it wasn't bad...but wasn't great either. The beds are comfortable for the most part, but the linens are old. The Manor is ready for an update already! The shower had very little pressure and the bathroom was very small. Stay in the towers, they are worth the extra $8.
This place certainly isn't new and fancy like many of the other locations on the strip, but it is an okay place to get a good night's rest. There were a lot of children running around and things were a bit dingy and run down, but the price is pretty awesome. Do beware of the additional resort fees, which do get you a coupon book with some decent stuff like a free premium ride at the adventure dome and 2 midway games, plus some deals on drinking and gambling. Resort fee also covered free wifi. There is a gym which was much nicer than I expected, but very difficult to find. Many people asked seem to not know where it was hidden and there are no helpful signs. I would suggest it be kept open 24 hours a day since this is the city that never sleeps, but the hours started early and ended semi late. The pool didn't appear to be anything worth checking out unless you are super hot, especially if you have used any of the other pools on the strip. We did have a problem with an alarm clock next door going off in the middle of the night, but staff did get it taken care of eventually. I also had a problem with my safe, which may have been forgetting my own code, and was impressed when security arrived prior to the maintenance man to verify my identification. Do beware the food at the buffet is not really edible. Overall I would stay here again, but mostly if I was with children or had a strange love for the free circus acts.
It's not nearly as bad as what other reviewers would suggest.  It's clean and comfortable.  For $25/night, it was exactly what I paid for and I knew I'd be staying outside the main building when I booked the room.  The only thing is that the walls are thin and I can hear everyone around me.  But, I put in my earplugs and it was fine.
Mediocre stay. As a kid I always wanted to stay at Circus Circus., simply because of the midway and Adventuredome. Never happened. Now as an adult my husband and I stayed INCASE we couldn't find a babysitter and had to take our son along. Luckily we did have a babysitter but unfortunately we were  stuck with the room... March Madness weekend, everything was mostly booked and overpriced.. Check in was at 3pm but we wanted to check in early since we arrived at 10am. Check in fee was $35., umm no thank you. So we returned around 2pm after a meal and a walk on the strip and were able to get the room by then. There was a charge of $10/per night for the resort fee. Which includes wi-fi access, fitness room, pool etc.. Stayed in the Manor Lodge which is inconvenient because of the walk., but whatever. The bed was comfortable and the room was pretty big. The wi-fi was horrible! I could only get a "decent" signal standing by the fridge in the corner. As soon as i walked to the bed it would disconnect. WACK! Speaking of the fridge, it was broken. We couldn't chill our drinks smh.. Overall IF you can Avoid staying here, it's best. Especially if you have no children with you. But if there's no other option it's good just for sleeping/showering etc. Really that's all you need it for anyway, right? :)
Casino rooms were remodeled and beds are now comfy.  Definitely a nice upgrade to Circus Circus.  Although, I did enjoy the fact that we had to enter 3 different elevators to go from the casino floor to our room and back, mad struggle..
Not very many perks but they have some good machines. I won a couple hundred bucks on a game called kitty glitter.
The wife and I stayed here for 5 nights during our short Vegas vacation. The hotel was just A-OK. There were a few positives such as free parking and being able to check out via TV (without having to navigate the maze of walkways and casino aisles), but that's about it. The negatives are:. . * AC blasting inside. Yes, even with 98 degrees outside, 65 inside is inappropriate.. * AC/Heater inside the room was old and noisy. We had to turn it off and open the window instead.. * Old flat screen CRT (tube-style) tv. Totally unacceptable for 2013.. * Slow WiFi connection. 11 megabits per second is unacceptable 2013.. * Not enough signs indicating where things are.. * Resort fee is closer to $11 than $9.95 as per Hotels.com (notified them about it and waiting for response). * Average buffet for the price. * Barely enough power outlets in the room for charging all the electronics one might travel with these days.. * Glass surface on the desk and the bed side table is unacceptable and bad for health.. * No beverage chiller in the room.. * No coffee maker in the room.. * Vendors peddling their wares right in your face in the hallways.
Ready? Okay let's go! . . So I traveled to Vegas as a tag-a-long. I'm always up for a good time so I adapt and I go with the flow. . . Over the years I would have NEVER picked to stay here.  Even when I took my kid nieces to Vegas for the summer we didn't stay here for the kid appeal. I saw the pictures and frankly it looked like a clown threw up in the room.  Weellllllllll HELLO Circus Circus! The tower I stayed in was lovely!  The decor upgraded and the regular room was large.  Now keep in mind you can normally find me at the high end contemporary hotels so my standards are high but I really felt comfortable here.  . . The bathroom was small and a normal bath shower combo with a curtain (I think NO place should use a curtain.  Get a door!) But clean and updated.  . . No great amenities in the room and no views.  I'm curious to see the high floor views.  Not much on that end of the strip to look at.  The suite was large however,  size of bathroom did not increase.  . . The casino yes it's small and more kids than the other hotel's. The adventurdome is a great place for kids however, it does get pricey.  . . The Buffett...by far I've had better in Vegas. . . The Wifi...more like no fi..totally slow. . . The gym, almost non existent.  BUT are you really going to workout on vacay?  (I did that's how I know the gym isn't super great). . So you have to ask yourself,  why did I come to Vegas? . . Do you need a decent, clean room, with good customer service to stay at? Okay here's circus circus.  If you plan to hotel hop use the monorail to take you down the strip or jump in a cab.
I stayed here this past weekend because it was one of the cheaper hotels due to the fact that it was EDC weekend. The outside looks pretty crappy, mainly because it's old. It's at the end of the strip so it's kind of far from the main hotels. The inside doesn't look too bad though. The casino is okay. We stayed on the second floor (nonsmoking) and the room was surprisingly nice. I heard that there are pictures of clowns in some of the rooms so I was very glad our room had none. The beds were comfortable but the pillow I was laying on felt very weird. I was able to sleep on it but when I felt it, it felt as if they got chunks of cotton and threw them in there. The other pillows felt normal though. There are no fans in the bathroom so you can hear whatever business is being done inside. The water took a while to drain too so the sink flooded once because I wasn't paying attention. The bathtub takes a while to drain too but not when the shower head is on. There aren't enough outlets either. We had to unplug 3 different lamps in order to charge our phones. There's no fridge either so I had to throw away my OJ and it was just a hassle to keep getting ice to keep our drinks cold. Check-in is at 3pm and if you want to check-in earlier, you have to pay an additional $35. That sucks because we got there early and since we were tired, we had no choice but to. My friends told me they never paid an early check-in fee before at other hotels. Check-out is at 11am and when we asked for a later check-out, they said it'd be a $10 charge + tax so we left. I never had to pay for a late check-out if it was only an hour later. I don't know if I would ever stay here again. We'll just have to see.. . Make sure to bring an extension cord and some Febreeze or something. . . It's entertaining for kids though as they have a trapeze artists performing at a certain time. They also have an arcade too. . . The McDonald's here.. EHHHHH. The FIRST thing I ordered was a small OJ. It was like $1.99. I ordered a hash brown and a sausage and egg biscuit after. I pay the girl, go to pick up my order, and there's no OJ. I tell the person who gave me my food and after going to the girl who took my order, she comes back and says, "it'll be $2.50." Uh. WTF? I ask if it wasn't put in and they both say no with this unfriendly look and tone. I told her I don't want it and left. Augh.
We stayed here this weekend and I guess I should start by setting expectations because that is what I did before coming out here. If you compare Circus Circus to a newer hotel on the strip, you will be disappointed before you even get there. Now, if you compare Circus Circus to another kid friendly spot on the strip, you will be pleasantly surprised! There is so much to do here for kids AND for the kid in you! And it turns out that the Vegas strip is not really for kids!!! Go figure! We stayed in the "newer" hotel section and this review is based on that. . . The Hotel: 1 Star =(. Without a doubt, needs a facelift!!! It is very old, and has a grimy feel to it. We stayed in the "newer" West Tower and even this felt old. I don't think I will ever stay here again. The place seems clean and the room service was attentive, but it's true what they say, you can't polish a turd. It did the job though, we slept and showered and it work fine. . . The Pool: 3 Stars. Decent size(2 of them), but also very old. There is a bar and snack bar for convenience, I ordered a bloody Mary for $10 (Includes the cup). It was great! I suggest getting there when it opens up before the crowd arrives. When it was crowded, it was too much. . . The Casino: 3 Stars. There was a good variety of slots and tables. It's not too big and yet not too small. . . The Food: 3 Stars. Here's a quick rundown of the spots we hit. All of these spots are a mix between a sit down restaurant and a fast food. You order and pay, then seat yourself and pick up your food. . . ***The Pizzeria was very good! Recommend this spot!. . *The Garden Grill was OK. The burger was just OK, the Caesar Salad dressing sucks, stay away. The wings are decent. The portions are pretty big!. . *The Blue Iguana was again, just OK. It was NOT authentic Mexican food and needed some seasoning but it was edible. . . ***Barista Bagels was good! Breakfast special was good and you can't really go wrong with a bagel and coffee. . *** McDonalds was actually "fresh" and tasty. I don't eat at any McD's and was happy with what I did eat here. Yes, I just said that I liked McDonalds...here. . . The Fun: 5 stars!. Lots to do in the Midway and also in Adventuredome. Carnival games that only cost a buck or two and are easy enough to win a prize. Video arcades galore. Rides, rides, rides! Fun for all ages, literally. There are plenty of rides for the little ones to get on and some exciting rides for the big ones! . . So, in case you missed it...LOTS of fun if you have kids with you in Vegas!!!
Looked a lot different from when i was a kid. . Does this hotel always look dirty, run-down and dark?. . I'm giving it a 3 because I won big from gambling and their games are never disappointing.. PLUS, their dealers are hilarious!. I would visit the hotel if I was in vegas but wouldn't choose to stay here.
Anyone visiting a hotel like this would expect a front entrance. Forgive me if I'm wrong, but I got dropped off as part of a tour (Seagull Holiday), and we had to walk through a parking garage to get to the front desk. Not the warmest reception.. . The check-in area was thing first thing that would come to mind. Unfortunately, it was a bit outdated, compared to the newer hotels in the present day.. . The hotel does a good job of notifying you about Internet access, and thankfully, it was free. The problem is, the connection is not 'as advertised', which states 5X faster speed. The routers are sparsely located throughout the floors, but the registration for the WiFi takes longer than normal, also requiring you to open your browser on mobile devices unlike most hotels, where the sign in menu pops up right after you've successfully connected to the network.. . The signal does vary based on the distance from the router. I only get 1-2 bars, so I would rare it as moderate speed. Compared to the router at home, which does a good 50ish megabits per second, I only get around 13 megabits per second. That's more than 3X slower than normal WiFi speed. Talk about 5X faster... Yeah, if you're standing right next to the router 24/7.. . The furniture provided is nice, and there is a desk like most hotels. I'm counting 6 readily accessible outlets (excluding the ones already in use prior to entering the room), which is good, but not terrific. I would say it's definitely enough for me, but it could be better, because 4 of those outlets are hanging from a cabinet next to the desk.. . The room was clean when we first arrived, which was good.. . The bathroom (specifically the toilet) needs some attention. I just hate the toilets that have an almost INSTANT response, with the handle recoiling instantly after pushed. Those are very hard to deal with, and I have no idea why those toilets would be selected over more shock-friendly ones.. . They have the needed amount of pillows and sheets on the bed. I don't know why most hotels have 4 pillows per bed, but Circus Circus only has 2 per. I don't mind at all, since I don't sleep with two, but I don't know anyone that does. They don't have 4 pillows per bed, just so you know.. . The air conditioner is noisy when it starts up, and repetitively slows and steps on it. It's quiet for the most part, but it gets noisy when the temperature hovers above the temperature entered. It takes up a decent amount of space in the wall, but I don't really mind. The lid for the controls on the air conditioner is broken, but that won't be the case for every room I'm sure.. . There is a broken fire alarm hanging by a wire in the ceiling, not sure why. There's a new one in the side of the wall, not sure if its working cause it isn't blinking. I hope the sprinkler right next to it works too, because I don't want to die because of Circus Circus being too lazy to maintain the rooms.. . There are large mirrors outside of the bathroom, and I'm not sure why.. . The TV in the room is outdated. Forget the flat screens, go back to the olden days with the big chunky boxy TVs.. . Overall, not the best place, but I'm assuming it's the cheap alternative in Vegas. I didn't book this place, my touring company did, so I got nothing on the price.
Das Hotel liegt am nordlichen Teil des Las Vegas Strip. In der naheren Umgebung befinden sich die Hotels Sahara, Riviera und das Stratosphere.. Das Circus Circus ist ein familienfreundliches Hotel und durch einen Sky-Shuttle (Bahn) mit den einzelnen Hotelturmen verbunden.. Im Inneren des Hotels befindet sich der grote Indoor-Freizeitpark Amerikas. Der so genannte Adventuredome bietet unter anderem die weltweit einzige Doppel-Looping-Indoor-Achterbahn. Den ganzen Tag uber finden Zirkus-Vorstellungen im Hotel statt, man kann aber auch eine verwegene und atemberaubende Fahrt mit dem fliegenden Trapez ausprobieren.. . Alle komfortablen und grozugig geschnittenen Raumlichkeiten (3.700 Gastezimmer) sind mit allen Vorzugen und Annehmlichkeiten fur den modernen und anspruchsvollen Reisenden ausgestattet. Die Zimmer haben naturlich Bad/Dusche und WC, eine Klimaanlage, Telefon und Fon, Kabel-TV, Safe und 24h Zimmerservice.. Ich finde, das Circus Circus uberzeugt durch ein gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verhaltnis und verfugt uber mehrere Restaurants. Das reichhaltige Buffet ist ein Augen- und Magenschmaus.. . Auerdem verfugt das Hotel uber zwei Swimmingpools, einer Shoppingpromenade, drei groen Casinos auf einer Flache von uber 10.000m2. Fur Hochzeitskanditaten steht naturlich eine Kapelle zur Verfugung. Das Parken ist kostenlos.
Oh hells nah!! No more $1 hot dogs and margaritas!! This is a travesty .. . . I've been coming to Circus Circus since the 80's as a young child and I definitely have some fond memories in the midway playing arcade all day and night long while my parents gambled .. but sadly the place is still in a time warp with it's atmosphere and now I prefer the newer luxurious casinos in town ..
This hotel is very affordable so it is perfect for college students or people traveling on a low budget. . The room is very spacious which is a plus. However, it was a non-smoker room and smelt like people have recently been smoking in there. The carpet is really dirty (and at some places wet for no reason) so I would not suggest walking there barefoot at all. The room is also very dusty. I always woke up with tearing eyes and a congested nose. The bathroom was big and clean, so were the towels. . The room didn't have a fridge or minibar (in case you are thinking to bring some food, it will go bad).. We also always had problems to get into our room as our keys didn't work well and we had to go get new keys a few times. . Furthermore, the check-in took forever as there was a long line and only a few ppl working. Every time I passed the lobby there was always a long line. My check-in took me over half an hour. . . Overall the hotel is nice as it has lots to offer. Many little stores, restaurant inside. It also has roller coasters inside as well as free trapez shows. . It is also kinda far off the main part of Las Vegas Blvd which was annoying as you have to walk a lot. . . However, if you simply look for a cheap and safe place to stay in Vegas and not too far away from the strip, this is a good place to be. If you look for something more comfortable I suggest you To take a different hotel.
Cant believe these low reviews lol.....if you want better then by all means go spend $500 a night at the Bellagio
Room was clean, dated looking, big shower, pleasant employees. Went to Fremont St - took the "Deuce" bus there. Rough group of people but a cool place to go.
They friggin' got rid of the Star Wars slots... eh...  That was literally the reason I stayed here, we no longer do.  Sad ;(
Circus Circus is the first hotel I ever stayed at on the strip (multiple occasions) and is one of the oldest left standing.  The Hotel itself is comprised completely of clowns and other circus type paintings, colors and is even designed to resemble that of a Circus tent.. . Although the Hotel is old it does feature agreat amusement park inside complete with a roller coaster and various other rides as well as one of the best video arcades on the strip.  The slots are decently priced and pay out fine and the buffet is a great bargain.  What they place lacks in the charm and elegance of some of the new larger Hotels such as The Venetian, The Bellagio, The Wynn or Hard Rock it makes up for in charm and its inviting family like feel.  . . Circus Circus regularly will hold shows in the middle of the floor of the casino throughout the day to entertain the guests.  The rooms are nice enough and a lot more affordable than the aforementioned new Hotels on the strip and most people in Vegas typically spend minimal time in their rooms anyway.  Is the place outdated?  Absolutely but it is also a fixture on the strip and one of the few remaining places with old school Vegas written all over it.  Some minor remodeling wouldn't kill them but they do not want to kill the charm that has remained throughout the years.  If you are looking for a great place for the kids while you gamble this may be the best place for you.
it's cheap, you get what you pay for, and rooms are relatively quiet.  Yes, it is smoky but guess what, you're in Vegas.... . My only gripe, why did I spend 30min in line waiting to check into the hotel? more time in line means less time gambling or going to their amusement park.  you'd think they'd want you to spend more money at their "resort"
Stayed at the manor. Room was clean but did not feel safe walking around at night even to my car which was just parked outside my room. It was the cheapest deal online glad I came here only for business. There was a guy with no shoes on outside smoking. Had some kids call me aye foo, do you have a light?  It feels ghetto and trashy. I would book again for the price but would not leave the room. If I was coming here with friends this would be the last option.
Great for kids. If you do not have kids dont go. There is no real reason too. The manor rooms suck and are far. The pools is ok. The tower rooms are much better. I would expect worse from the tower rooms, but they actually are decent. The casino is fun. Beer is ok for the strip. Buffet is horrible. Id only come here if you are on a budget and have kids.
At Circus-Circus right now. It's okay, but that's about it. Good for kids with the arcade and the circus show. The "Fitness Center" is pathetic, small, old and limited equipment. Not a fitness center at all. Food is pricey. We came here for the "family friendly" atmosphere and aren't gambling so can't say much about the casino. The Adventure Dome is great for kids, but they should have included it or at least sharply reduced admission price with the hotel cost. WiFi took a while to access, but good 3/4 bar signal is okay. Wouldn't stay here again. Oh well....
If you need something different to do with your kids, take them for the free circus acts.  It's like a super scaled back cirque du soleil.. . Layout here is harder to navigate than most. And the decor is creepy. Go with the circus tents and acrobats for a classier feel and lose the clowns. The outside looks like a giant paedo-trap.
This place is SUPER OLD! It's basically ancient, but it's the best place for kids to stay at. Their amusement park, arcade, and Midway are by far the best entertainments for 18-
