Very Big portions I suggest you to share a plate... . We had the Chicken & waffles... The waffles had bacon stuffed inside, The chicken was perfect!
I'm sorry, but I really don't know why this place is so hyped-up. . . My husband and I came here on a Saturday morning for brunch. The wait time was about 20 minutes, which I did not mind and was expecting anyway, seeing how crowded the restaurant was. The waiting area was pretty small, but it was fun looking at the autographed pictures of celebrities that they had on their wall, such as Penn and Teller, Ne-Yo, and Neil Patrick Harris. . . Melissa was our server. She was alright, but not the greatest. It took a while for her to greet us and take our orders, but I understand that they were extremely busy. After we got our food, she did check up on us twice, but did not refill our drinks once. The thing that annoyed me was that she seemed extra friendly to the party who sat in back of us. I heard her asking them if this was their first time at the restaurant, and they responded that it was. She gave them a friendly welcome and explained the menu to them. That's funny, it was our first visit here as well and she never bothered to ask us that!. . My husband and I decided to share the chicken and waffles. We also ordered two sides - bacon and the biscuits and gravy to avoid the $2.50 split plate charge. . Just an FYI: yes, they charge $2.50 if you are splitting plates, but you can avoid it if you order a side dish.. I have to say, the presentation of our food and everyone else's around us was nice and pretty! But, I wasn't impressed. The chicken was dry, and even though the waffles looked awesome because they had strips of bacon cooked into them, it didn't taste that great. Our order got screwed up as well. Apparently our biscuits and gravy = a side of sausage. . . I'm willing to give Hash House A Go Go another try in the future. Maybe we just ordered the wrong dish. But it's definitely not somewhere that I am dying to come back to again.
This place is alright.. . There was something about it when I walked in, where it overwhelmingly smelled of heavily delicious breakfast foods. I'm usually a big fan of chicken and waffles back at home so I found it fitting to order the Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffles.. . I definitely hate to compare to Roscoe's but HH takes a different approach. I was given 4 pieces of fluffy waffles and two chicken breast pieces for a really decent price too for what it was. I did enjoy my meal, but something about it made me really want the waffles to be thinner and just the use of heavy butter and grease for flavor. (oh yeah, and portions where huge!). . I understand that it was a NY Times favorite and that it was featured on Man vs. Food. It was probably a hit or miss deal ordering the chicken and waffles, but the rest of the items on the menu had looked really good as well. . . Something really wants me to give this place a chance.. . Chances of coming back? Possibly.
This place is just insane.  I should end my review here.  But then, I'd be a bad Yelper.  Let me explain.. . There is this obsession with quantity in our culture, and Hash House is the epitome of this obsession.  I was awe struck by the mountains of cooked flesh and grease that was being served all around me.  People were taking pictures of their food (no doubt to post on Yelp).  As I waited for my french toast, I wondered how much of this stuff people cram into their bodies every day.. . Don't get me wrong, I'm not a health nut.  I could care less really, but even I have my limits.  My french toast with bananas on it tasted awesome for the first few bites.  However, after chewing on this thing for a while, I got bored.  That's right... as big and overblown as the food in this place is, I got bored of eating it.  And this, my friends, is the failing of Hash House A Go Go. :-)
This is one of those places where going once for the experience is just enough. The food display is very appealing, the gigantic portions easily adds to the obesity epidemic in America, and the service is fast and friendly!. . Andy's Sage Fried Chicken (w/ spinach, bacon, tomato, mozzarella, chipotle cream, and scrambled eggs)-  THIS THING IS A BEAST. Definitely enough for 3 people because everything is so heavy and flavorful. Every component of this dish was quite good on it's own, but once it's all mixed together, it's kind of a big mush of crazy flavors. Pleasing to the taste buds, but you get kind of tired of eating it after 15 minutes, and there seems to be no dent in the pile of food.. . Definitely a fun place to try when you're in Vegas, but is it one of those places you MUST go to every time? Nah, just try it once or twice to see how much food your stomach can really hold.
As over the top as Vegas can be, HH is popular with locals and visitors but not your caloric budget.  Highlight: Gin Mary to cure the standard Vegas morning after.
This place gets pretty crowded.  It's like a Denny's/IHop on crack.  Their portions are ridiculously huge.  The vanilla pancakes were just OK. I also had the corned beef hash with eggs. I'm glad I shared my food.  The staff was pretty friendly.  It gets really noisy but the food was good.  I will come again and try something different.
This one kind of hurts, because in advance, I never thought this would only be three stars. Bummer. First off, the place does not suck. After seeing this place on Man v. Food and Bacon Paradise, I think maybe I just got a little too hyped up for it. . . I know that part of the schtick is to be over the top...with the portions, with the bacon, everything over the top...I get it. But at a certain point, it's just kind of wasteful. I can't believe this is me saying that, but Hash House took me there. . . The Sage Fried Chicken was delicious. I wish it weren't just breasts, though...moist, juicy thighs are where its at. I know what you're thinking, and cut it out. The tower of bacon waffles? Delicious, but why a tower? Who's gonna eat all these waffles? And don't get pissy when we need more syrup! . . The Grilled Meatloaf Hash was pretty good. Lots of meatloaf, fried potatoes, and red and yellow peppers. Huge amount of this hash next to a little mound of two scrambled eggs. I really like my eggs, and I felt bad that they were so outnumbered. Three eggs and half as much hash would suit me fine. . . The Bacon Bloody Mary. For the love of all that does not suck....I wanted to love it. I had so been looking forward to it. I don't know what the frig is going on in this world, but it seems to be a recent trend that everyone feels the need to make their Bloody Mary spicy as all hell. Hash House isn't just along for that ride, they bought the damned airline. IMO, Tabasco should *accent* the flavors in a Bloody, waking the whole thing up, leaving behind a slight spicy flavor that pleasantly lingers....it should not be a dominant, overwhelming aftertaste without the drink being ordered that way. Kind of like everything else here, it's just too over the top without needing to be so. . . Service was just fine, although I didn't quite dig the practice of going ahead and adding 18 percent gratuity under the line "large party". Since it was just two of us, they were either insulting us by calling us large, or insulting us because we're cheapskates that used their gift certificate offer on restaurants dot com. Either way, unappreciated. I'm in the industry, and you have to really suck to not get 20 percent and have that rounded up to the next dollar....even more if you don't suck. You were great, but you're saying 18 percent. So 18 percent it is, then. Oh well.
This place is hyped up way too much.  This is the place your husband or boyfriend will drag you to because the portions are gi-normous!  Other than that, I don't see what the big deal is.. . I ordered the smoked salmon scramble and it was nasty... or shall I say fishy?  Whatever... fishy/nasty/gross, I couldn't eat it.  I never send anything back, but this time I did because I couldn't tolerate another bite and I didn't want to just sit there and watch all my friends eat.. . My boyfriend ordered the corned beef and I must say that his dish was DELICIOUS!  Probably the best corned beef I've ever had.  I was going to order that for myself, but my BF was like, "why don't you share this with me and order something else so we can try something different?"  Umm okay, what do you want me to order?  I ordered another scramble dish with chorizo in it.  So  yeah, my second attempt?  FAIL!!!  That dish was equally disgusting.  At least I have my BF's corned beef to share right?  WRONG!  He had practically polished off his dish by the time I wanted to dig in to it.  Thanks for sharing hun!. . If you're going to eat here because it was on Man vs. Food, order the chicken and waffles or the corned beef.  Everything else is a waste of time!
I've wanted to try this place for breakfast since I saw it on Man V Food but somehow it took me years to finally get here. I just don't get up early enough on weekends to get out for breakfast too often. Anyway, if you're tired of the same old breakfast when you do get out, you need to check out this place. The menu is intimidating with loads of interesting choices but it almost seems as if you can't go wrong. Everything looked impressive as it was served to other tables. It took me quite some time to decide what I wanted to eat as everything sounded great but I wasn't disappointed with my choice. The only downfall is it's a bit pricey for breakfast but it is semi touristy and you do get A LOT of food. I felt more full than I normally do walking out of a breakfast buffet. I'll definitely have to try this place again soon as there are some other things I definitely want to try.
This was bookmarked on my yelp for a long time and finally had a chance to go this past weekend. We got there and waited about 40 minutes for a table. . . We got seated and ordered their specials. I had the Michigan special which was chicken sausage with mixed vegetables and 2 eggs. My friend got the pumpkin-peanut butter flapjack. I also ordered their special cherry lime soda. . . I got my soda and it was just okay...it was refreshing, but not worth the money as it just felt like syrup added to it. I thought it be made with bits of lime or cherry or something. . . The food finally arrived and it was just ok. My Michigan special was healthy looking, but there was nothing special about it. It was like a fajita with a 2 egg on the side. The flapjack tasted more like pumpkin and not much peanut butter. It was flapjack that covered the whole plate. . . The best thing was their home made peach marmilade on the table with their homemade biscuit.  The marmilade was just so great with chucks of peach in it.  I wished they sold it because it was that good.. . It was just not memorable to me. I prefer Egg & I - check it out.
Saw this place on DDD with Guy Fierie....tried it, and he was right but the one in San Diego was much better...
This place suffers from just being too busy for its own good. Do yourself a favor and don't go when the rest of the city is here (Sat, Sunday mornings/brunch times).Expect your order to be messed up in some way, expect your server to be frantic/forgetful/distracted, expect to wait longer than you want to for something (coffee, biscuit, that side of sausage), expect to have to flag someone down to take your payment. Just dial down your expectations, and you'll be fine. Food is decent, not the best you've ever had.
Not that this posting needs anymore reviews but its one of my fav places to go when ....well lets be honest when im hungover... Im black so of course i had the chicken and waffles ....it was different than i expected but a pleasant surprise none the less. It was more of a gourmet take on the classic i loved it so much i tried to make it at home ....i was not successful.... anyway i have not tried everything on the menu but what i have has been good .....i experienced good service good food and big portions wich im only a fan of when im hungover because you can have 2 meals from it without having to cook . all in all i personally have different  places i go for different reasons and this is my go to "i need breakfast now and im hungover and i dont want to go somewhere like denny's) place.
I like this place but it's probably not worth the hype or the wait. It's the kind of place that makes people wait when there are many open tables so they can create that buzz factor. The fried chicken benedict was good, the meatloaf hash disappointing. The meatloaf part was good but the hash was just a lot of bland potato chunks with peppers. If there wasnt a wait I would probably go back.
Too much hype for me. My sister has been in Las Vegas for over a year and we have talked about going her several times, on this last visit we made it.. . The place was packed and we waited about 20 minutes for the table that was empty when we got there. (That always makes me crazy!). . Waitress had room for improvment, but the bus boys more than made up for her.. . I had corn beef hash, of course and it was good. It defiantly had some twists, like cheese and the corn beef was definaly not chopped up much. My favorite was the busicut, so yummy and fresh.. . My sister had the hamburger, it was huge. She said it was good but not as fabulous as everyone says it is. . . Her boyfriend had french toast, I had a bite it was good. Crunchy on the outside and warm and soft inside. Very Good.. . Overall it is an experience but might have had a 4 or 5 star experience at a less busy time.. . Oh and do not forget the bloody mary, it was GREAT and chunky.
The wait was long, so we ended up sitting at the bar.. The food was good... the portions were huge, mostly potatoes though... . They are probably one of the few brunch places with a full bar - if that is something important in your brunch location selection, you would be happy here!
I think anything that is on Diners, Drive in's and Dives is automatically not as great of a place once Guy leaves the restaurant. Their stuff is good but by not means great. Not worth the long wait in my opinion.
The wait was 2 hours.  They give you a ton of food, but it tasted just okay.  I don't think its worth the wait.
http://www.toothpastefordinner.com/033111/food-and-yelling.gif. . This place's vibe embodies everything I hate about LA/Southern California and their portions are HUGE. Unnecessarily huge. Like, "I get depressed thinking about the type of people who could regularly polish off portions that large" grade gigantic.. . However, the food is super delicious. Place your order to-go and split it with a friend.
Hash House A Go Go's reviews were good. People loved it so we were interested. We learnt about its famous BIG portions so we ordered 2 dishes for 3 of us. We got Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and 1 LB Burger w/ Apple Wood Smoked Bacon, Avocado, and Cheddar. I really liked the fried chicken. Though it was chicken breast, it was very tender and juicy. However, I was not a fan of its burger. The patties were dry and overcooked. Yes, it was huge, but no, it was not as tasty as it looked. It did not come with fries and to add a side of happy meal portion fries, we had to pay 2.99 more. Plus, our waiter spilled 1/3 of the fries on the table by accident and he just walked away. (rude) But seriously, this place is a-okay for food...
The ONLY reason I am giving this place 3 stars instead of 2 is because our server was amazing!  He was so funny, very attentive and a lot of fun.  The food on the other hand, while eccentric was not full of flavor like I expected.  I ordered a side salad with the cucumber dressing and my lettuce was warm...hmmmm.  Not good lol  Then my mom got the chicken and waffles.  Why so much food? my goodness.  . . Anyway, the chicken needed salt big time, it tasted like they didn't season the chicken or the flour, I didn't taste any sage.  The waffles were chewy too, eww.  My hubby got the salmon and garlic potatoes, the salmon was fishy and also had no seasoning.  My friend got the sage chicken and penne pasta with the mushroom sauce.  I have made better.  It was just underwhelming.  You think it would be good because of all the celebrity signed menus on the wall but I just wasn't impressed.  Sorry. lol
ok so now i would give it like 3.5 stars because i went when i wasn't hungover :) .....and it was still preettty good......me and the bf shared an entree this time because their breakfast portions are HUGE! we had the fried chicken Benedict i must say it was good ......when i saw it i thought hmm i dunno this could taste really good or really bad.....and to my pleasant surprise it was really good....we were going right before the gym so we wanted to get some carbs and protein (and be kinda bad at the same time with all the fat :) ....i also ordered a side of fresh fruit and it was fresh! ripe and juicy strawberry's crisp green apples and orange slices......our sever later brought me some watermelon slices they just cut to go along with it..... i have to give props to them for that because some places have really bad salads and fruit sides and the fact that theirs was fresh makes me think they take pride in what they serve and i can get down with that ya know......we also ordered  one snickers pancake wich was again HUGE! and we couldn't even finish it but boy was it yummy.....im totally gonna try that one at home....again our service as great as usual and we left full  and not really feeling like going to the gym llolll ;p
The nearly hour and a half wait for food (45 min for table and 45 min after getting a table) was well worth it for a good meal to wash away the stupor from the previous night and fill up for the current day of activities.  The portions definitely are big which, if you do have an average appetite, is best for sharing and makes this place super affordable compared to going to a $20 plus buffet. The wife and I shared the bacon and avocado burger, which is a pretty massive burger with two patties spillilng over the sides of the bun.  The patties are pretty thin though, so they are not as juicy if they actually fit on the bun propertly or were just one single patty.  Still, it made it easier to bite into and was still pretty tasty with plenty of thick bacon and crispy fries. We also sharedthe biscuits and gravy with some others at the table, which the biscuit was really dry, but you didn't notice it much drowned in a peppery, chunky sausage gravy.  Definitely worth searching through the depths of the Imperial Palace.
Its just the large portion size of decent food. Nothing special. How in the world is one person going to eat their own dish. This is why america is so overweight...You have to pay extra to split a plate. . . Tasty food if you're really hungry, but I'd rather just go buffet and have my options of what I want to indulge on. Did you see their pancake?! its spills over the side of the plate!
Huge portions, friendly staff, solid food and a decent bloody mary at a reasonable price.. . We have been many times and tried many things.  If you are going for brunch, expect to wait.  As for food, we have tried pretty much everything and the best dish is likely the Sage Chicken Benedict.  The hash plates are solid and (being I like sweet breakfast) the french toast and pancakes are also good.. . Go to Hash House a GoGo for a large breakfast with a large bloody mary and expect to pay a very reasonable bill when you're done.  Is it the best breakfast ever?  no.  But you would have a hard time finding a better all around breakfast deal and if you go in with the right expectations, I'd be surprised if you didn't enjoy the meal.
If you care about value, then this is the place to eat breakfast/brunch when you are in Vegas, at the Imperial Palace.  After hearing about this place on Man vs. Food, my buddy and I came with the intention of eating our one meal of the day here.  We were met with a half-hour long wait, plenty of time to let our appetites work themselves into a tizzy as we decided on what to order.  As the 2 of us sat down, the group of 5 ladies next to us suggested that we split a single dish.  We scoffed at their suggestion and proceeded to order 3 entrees, intent on guaranteeing a heart attack before the age of 50.. . The first dish to come out was the biscuits and gravy.  Now, I love biscuits and gravy in a way that is completely unnatural and unhealthy, some might say unholy, and I'm normally left wanting from weakly seasoned gravy with piddling amounts of sausage.  Not here!  There are meaty chunks of pork sausage in a nicely peppered gravy base over a couple hearty and moist biscuits, covered by scrambled eggs and sitting over a mound of mashed potatoes.  Hot damn, this was definitely one of the best breakfast items I've ever had and I will be back for this and only this when I come back to Vegas.. . The item that had been featured on Man vs. Food and found its way into my dreams was the fried chicken benedict.  Overall, it was pretty satisfying but here's my beef with the dish. #1, you should call it a benedict if you don't poach the eggs, the yolks need to run all over the place and threaten you with delicious Salmonella, scrambled eggs is simply weak sauce.  #2, the benedict was served on biscuits, which was awesome cuz they were delish, but everything was then surrounded by a wall of mashed potatoes that turned the base into a gloppy mess.  #3, the fried chicken sounded fantastic as described by Adam Richman, but overall the seasoning left me wanting.  #4, I know bacon makes just about everything better, but this was a bit much.  And what's this about tomato slices?  Is this becoming a salad?!  The flavors together would've been better off in some God-forsaken breakfast sandwich but this was just too unwieldy.  Overall, I felt like less would've been more.. . Finally, the 3rd item ordered was the Kokomo, aka the meatloaf sandwich.  Whoever their baker is, they deserve a prize, because the milk bread that they grill for this sandwich is simply fantastic, just as good as their biscuits.  The meatloaf was well-seasoned and extremely satisfying with good quality beef.  The only problems were the overload of roasted tomatoes, which gave me immediate heartburn with a single whiff, and the side of mac and cheese that, contrary to what our nice waitress said, was the most pedestrian mac and cheese I have ever eaten (you're better off eating Kraft Easy Mac), unsalted and watery penne in a strange mish-mash of oddly flavored cheeses.  The best part of all of the meal (other than the biscuits and gravy) was that we housed 3 plates of food with people staring at us in awe/fear/shame, and I felt I channeled my inner Adam Richman to successfully defeat our challenge.. . For the prices, I'm not sure if any place in Vegas will give you as good a deal as the Hash House.  If you're a sane person, you could probably split a dish or order one and take the remnants home.  If you are looking for a gourmet breakfast, however, you may need to move on.
Love the ambiance of the place. Fun and upbeat. . Service was a bit slow as the server was never to be found. It took about 10 mins for her to take our order. Heard of this place from a couple of friends and Man Vs. Food, so we wanted to check it out.. . We ordered the Mango Ice Tea: For the price and no refills, I was expecting something great but it was plain old ice tea you can get anywhere. . . Fried Chicken Benedict: Man Vs. Food favorite, The Fried Chicken was lightly breaded and very dry.Didnt taste like fried chicken to me. I could barely taste any egg, but the cream sauce was good though. . . Corned Beef: Okay. . Although I did want to try it I will def not be coming back.
I think my expectations were just too high. Like what other people have said in their reviews, I saw this place on Man V. Food so I expected it to be absolutely fantastic. But it wasn't, it was just...ordinary. Which makes me sad. Maybe I shouldn't have got the scramble, it was just boring and plain, there was no kick to it or anything that made it special. I tried a friends 'Andy's Fried Chicken and Eggs Benedict' and it was also just boring tasting to me. . . The portions are huge though, if you are staying at a hotel I would recommend sharing a plate, because you won't have anywhere to put your leftovers. I MAYBE finished half of my food. They do charge a split-plate charge, which is just absolutely ridiculous to me. They should offer lower portions sizes at lower prices, but that's just my opinion. . . Also our server was kind of rude. We went with a group of 8 and she brought out one bill. When we told her we needed the bills seperated she got all pissy. Why would you just expect a group of young adults to pay one bill? Give me a break lady.
Hash House is a two-headed beast.  It's got VERY creative presentation that is so wildly over-the-top and Vegas-y that it's hard not to love the place. The flavor combinations sound amazing in the descriptions and the menu is full of incredible options.. . However, the portion sizes, visually impressive as they are, are pretty much the sum total of what is wrong with us in America.  They're like an all-you-can-eat buffet in one dish. The problem with that is: A) you don't have a choice of how much to take and I guarantee you can't reasonably eat much more than half of it, and B) you don't really want to take it home because it's just not that awesome tasting.. . The flavors are surprisingly blah, considering the descriptions. It's easy to understand why, when you see the sizes and you realize that not all that much care could possibly go into a dish of that size.. . But, I still really liked the place.  Kind of like everything else in Vegas, it's a fun place to visit but you don't want to stay too long!
I thought this place was so bomb but now that I think about it, it was okay. Located at the Imperial Palace Hotel, I came here with a group of friends before leaving home to Cali. . . I ordered their famous chicken and waffle tower. That thing is freaking huge so good thing I shared. The chicken was a little dry and stiff. The waffle tasted like a waffle. I did like the caramelized shredded green onions they had with it though. Meh, it was ok. The food definitely looks appetizing though but for me, it wasn't the best. We ordered the Kiwi Watermelon drink. It tasted weird to me. Well actually, it was good until I mixed it. I don't know what it was but it was weird. . . The service here incredible. Our waiter was so attentive to us even when he was clearly very busy. He was pretty cute too along with his other coworkers :P anyways, I wouldn't come back here if I was in Vegas, Maybe in San Diego though.
I went with a group and we were very impressed with all the large plates of food. Everyone ordered something different but I most of us were disappointed. Eggs weren't cooked all the way through, the fried potatoes were bland. I had a chicken salad and should have asked if it was shredded chicken as I don't like the chunky chicken version. The sandwich was very large and was not impressed with a "tree" for garnishment. Next time I'll try the chicken and waffles or eggs benedict.
Went to Hash House A Go-Go on Father's Day with a party of 9 people. While the food portions are definitely huge, I just felt the food wasn't anything to make you want to write home about. I had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken, which was tasty and extremely filling. My wife ordered the chicken pot pie and was not very impressed with the breading.. .      Another issue to beware of is that they "decorate" the plates with a ring of hot sauce for no apparent reason. I personally like spicy food, but we had family members with us who don't and were not particularly happy about this. Please note that nowhere on the menu does it state that your entree will be served with a hot sauce garnish. They need to be more aware that some guests may be have pepper allergies or turned off by this. Kind of an odd twist anyway, in my opinion..  .      On the whole, the food and service were decent enough. I was just not impressed to the point where I would go out of my way to recommend this restaurant over some others. The "A Go-Go" is just "a so-so"
HUGE PORTIONS. HUGE. This place is inside the crappy Imperial Palace hotel on the strip (upstairs).  I was surprised at how big the place was, it is kind of sectioned off into two difference rooms. I had a simple breakfast with eggs, hash browns, and a biscuit and coffee to drink. The biscuit was so buttery and fresh and warm, and like everything here HUGE. I usually love me some carbs, but I could not finish the biscuit or the rest of the meal. The food was great the prices matched the huge portions, not overprices but accordingly to the amount of food you get. My entree was one of the simpler ones and it was 9 bucks, everything else was above that. Only bad experience was someone straight threw up in there. Was walking aND "bleeaaaaacgh!" *splaash*. I was confused as to what happened when I heard it and saw a guy running out, until I saw the horrified look on a puke-splattered woman. I am assuming the patron had a rough night of drinking in Vegas and that it wasn't the food there. Still pretty horrific to witness on your first meal of the day.. Final thought :This would be a good spot to pig out in...maybe wear rain gear...?
Our party of four visited Hash House A Go Go last July 2010.  I honestly want to give 5 stars for this place just because of the name.  I love it!  . We did not have to wait for seating although this place was full of people.  The portions are HUGE.  This is not an exaggeration.  The service we received was rather slow, but maybe because they are very busy, however, our waiter seemed to ignore us.  I had the French Toast, which I never order for breakfast anywhere, but the description, "griddled french toast dipped in banana cinnamon cream with pecan maple syrup", made me want to order it.  How could I resist anything dipped in banana cinnamon cream?  My taste buds had such high expectation, but sadly, they were let down.  Where was the creamy taste of banana cinnamon cream?  The french toast was fine, but truly nothing exceptional - in fact, it tasted just like the french toast I've made for myself at home, which is not saying much.  However, if you are in Vegas, I still suggest you visit, especially if big portions are calling your name.  Just order something other than the french toast, in fact, if I ever go back there, I think I would check the place out for lunch or dinner because I've discovered at other eateries that I've visited, that a place can have awesome food, but breakfast tends to be a weak link.  Or maybe I would return because it's just my wishfull thinking that a place with such a cool name surely has to deliver.
We were last here two years ago and were pleasantly surprised.   We'll be there again this Sunday and I'll give a re-review shortly.  . . The one on the strip is NOT as good as the one off the strip.
Service was below average. The food that I had was like art.. Art didn't have much taste.. Just stacked waffles on chicken and put a bunch if unnecessary stuff on it to make it look bigger..I can live without going back..
We came here in a big group one night for dinner.  As everyone says...the portions are super huge and you won't be able to finish it.  But even though you get huge portions the food itself wasn't all that great.  We got huge portions of mediocre food...not very exciting.. . I personally got the Sage chicken pasta and it was Just OK.  Two people ordered the meatloaf sandwich and they liked that a lot.  Maybe next time I'll go for that.  I have NO idea why it took us THREE hours to eat and pay the bill but it was ridiculous!!!  We called ahead so they knew that we had a large party...why not assign another waiter to our table because one was not enough.. . The best part of the meal was the honey biscuits.  But I think they only come when you have a large party because I didn't see them on any other table.  I would come again and try something different.  Maybe a breakfast item would be better.
A great place to go and enjoy some really good food. It's a long way off the Strip but a trip well worth it.  Get the S'mores coffee to start and the Bloody Mary is awesome too. The Bartender we dealt with was a bit too snotty for me & the hostess forgot to write us down but the waitress was great. Hint: send someone early to get your group a spot..... We had a 30 min wait.
PROS. Best Bloody Marys on the strip! Seriously. They're a drunken meal in itself. The BLT bloody mary was incredible.. . The Sage Fried chicken was amazing.. . We got one of the Farm Benedict entrees. The individual items on the plate were really good, but the way they poured/drenched the plate with hollandaise sauce was a bit nauseating. We'll def order the sauce on the side next time.. . Our server was one of the best we'd  had all weekend! She was on top of it like no other and seriously made our morning.. . . CONS. The hostess had her head up her a**. She was rude and lazy. The restaurant was mostly empty and yet somehow she couldn't bother to find us a table. She just glanced behind her into the dining area and made us wait for another 15 minutes. . Eventually what looked to be the the manager offered to seat us. But then on his way over he literally stopped to chit chat & shoot the sh*t with another staff member right in front of us. THEN he moseyed on over to come seat us.. . All in all.... . The Imperial Palace isn't the prettiest hotel to walk through to get to breakfast & the hostess sucks, but if you love a good bloody mary it might be well worth it. . . Extra tip: Consider sharing a plate if you're not a giant eater. lol It's really tempting to want to try as much as you can, but it might be worth it to split one good plate & save a few bucks.
3.5 STARS . . We went around 4:30 pm and the restaurant was pretty empty. Upon arriving we were seated promptly by the hostess. The layout of the restaurant is very open with a bar, many tables and a few booths. Looking around you can see that their theme of "twisted farm food" runs consistent throughout the restaurant decor & its menu items. Our server was pretty slow and forgot about several things, granted she was new though. . . We ordered a couple Bloody Marys to start out with which were deliciously refreshing. They had the perfect blend of spiciness and tanginess and were garnished with a dill pickle, jalepeno stuffed olive, lemon and a pickled green bean. If you prefer tequila over vodka opt for the Bloody Maria instead. . . As entres we got the HashHouse Meatloaf Pasta and the HashHouse Chicken & Waffles. Which are two of their most popular dishes. Oh yea don't forget to ask for some complimentary honey drizzled buttermilk biscuits! The Meatloaf Pasta was in a light pesto sauce with one slice of meatloaf on top and garnished with some sort of cheese basket looking thing. The Chicken and Waffles come with 4 waffles with a slice of bacon cooked right into each one stacked high up with two pieces of fried chicken. It is garnished with fried onion shreds, drizzled with syrup and conveniently has a knife stuck right into the middle of all of it. The waffles were too soft for my liking yet the chicken was nicely fried. But to be honest with you there was nothing too special about both of these dishes.. Because at the end of the day, it's simply just meatloaf, waffles & fried chicken.. So easy to make & hard to mess up. . . Yes, the portions are huge but the prices aren't cheap either. So basically what you are paying for is the presentation of the dishes. I'm sure I will be back again to try some other things but not any time soon.
hash house a go go...ur a no no..... . dont get me wrong, im not saying it taste like poo or anything but i wasnt WOWed by it. . yes, after watching MVF, i just had to try it, it did indeed look delicious but looks can be deceiving...just like a woman ;). . the wait wasnt super long and its pretty spacious inside, service was nice and i give them all a high five since they have to carry those heavy ass dishes everyday O_O. . I ordered the meat loaf hash because i cant eat the fried chicken sage thingy...and i was disapointed with it =(.  My dish came in a skillet which was cool but my eggs looked funny and my food was actually lukewarm...my meatloaf wasnt flavorful at all and there was WAY too many veggies going on and cheese.  Even though it was healthy hearty ingredients, i couldnt enjoy the meal since it was so bland!  I didnt even bother finishing anything, and the biscuit was alright, kinda dry too.. . I'm giving it three stars is because i did try the fried chicken sage and the sauce was really good, teh chiptole sauce, you can DEFINITELY taste the chipolte and it was very smooth and creamy and the chicken was juicy....but thats it!. . I will not come back here...its too out of the way from teh trip.  It cost me 23ish from Palazzo to here....too far =T
If you go on a weekend this place is packed in the mornings.  You're super hungry by the time you sit down and order.  It takes another 20-30 minutes before you get your food.  By the time your meal arrives, you're so blown away by the big portions that you end up scarfing it all down.  It tastes super good in the moment but if you think in retrospect... its not that great.  The only reason it tasted spectacular is because you waited for so long to get your food that you were really hungry.  . . Really, the food was alright...
Pretty good food, great service. The presentation of the food might be better than the flavor... Lots of selection, fun place to try...
My boyfriend's friend insisted we visit this place on our last trip to Vegas.  The joint was thoroughly packed during lunch hour. Our waitress was lively and fun but couldn't get a hold of her for most of the time.. It was as the rating states, A-OK. I got the blueberry flapjack. IT. WAS. A. MONSTER. You don't get to pick a size so I assumed it would be a few pancakes covered in blueberries and gooey goodness. Nope. It was as big as a large pan pizza and the texture of the flapjack wasn't what I was accustomed to - somewhat dry and crumbled under my fork. The flapjack was so dry, no matter how much darn syrup I poured over it, it would suck it all up like the syrup behemoth it was! FYI: they don't give you enough syrup to choke it all down. I finished about 1/4 of it. Boo.. My boyfriend and his friend got the famous corned beef hash. They seemed to thoroughly enjoy it; I didn't like the sight of that hash (TMI: looked like skinned earthworms) and they did comment that the crispy potatoes that came with it weren't that tasty. . I wouldn't mind trying something else here but why bother when there are so many other places to try?
Okay, our food was delicious but it took abnormally long for it to come out. Our table ordered two chicken and waffles, a Man vs. Food dish, and a hamburger. The wait time for all of this was about 45 minutes (and our friend was eating in a rush now because he had to catch a flight). Even with the obnoxiously long wait, there was no explanation given to our table why it took so long. Heck, a table next to us with a party of 8 who ordered at the same time got ALL of their food before us (and once they got their food, they had enough time to eat it and sit and relax and leave before we ever saw ours).. . Amp up the service because I can't afford to suggest an eatery to friends that will only disappoint no matter how good the food is!
I must say, with all the hype about this place, I was really expecting more, to say the least!. . We came here on a Wednesday morning around 11:30, and growing up in the center of PA around farms, I was looking for a good old fashion, mans breakfast. What I found was over sized, over priced and overly hyped food that cost a lot more than it was worth (unless you can eat a pancake the size of a basketball in one sitting).. . I had The Tractor Driver Combo with sausage and a water and my lovely girlfriend had the Red Leaf Salad with a water. When our waters came out, her's tasted like the last occupations of the glass was milk and it had no been properly washed, but mine was OK. The food came relatively quick, but the portion sizes were just ridiculous! . . Now, I know this is america and we have to super size everything just to stuff our faces with it, but I mean come on, who REALLY needs a pancake that size, with a side of eggs the size of small fist and two little sausage links? The eggs and sausage were VERY good, I would have easily sacrificed my flying saucer sized pancake for more of the other 2! Plus, the pancake itself was kind of stiff... Almost like it had been pre-made and sat under a heating lamp.. . On the bright side, my girlfriend said her salad was delicious, but again, she could only eat about half of it because, well, she is 5'4 - 100 lbs... Not a 300 lb. grazing cow in the middle of a pasture!. . For these two meals, waters, with tip, the total was29$, which isn't really a BAD price per say, but 1/2 of all our food was throw out because of the size portions. Why don't we cut the sizes in half, and charge me, lets say 20$ total with tip... Makes sense to me!!. . All-in-all, A Denny's Grand Slam Breakfast which has 2 regular sized pancakes, double the meat and more eggs for about 8$ is MUCH better than this meal for $14... . . We will probably not return here, but my girlfriend is the boss, so, it's really not my call : )
I would do anything for the ribs at this place.  Falling-off-the-bone flavorful and tender goodness.  . . Best ribs I've EVER tasted.
I came here from a long plane ride and was starving. I had heard good reviews about this place and thought I'd give it a try. My party consisted of 7 people and were were sat in about 15 minutes. Not too bad on the wait. We sat down, ordered our drinks and was presented with the menus. There are many things you can choose from, it is mainly known for breakfast so I went for the chicken and waffles, one of their specialties. I would give the food an OK. rating. My waffles looked like they had fallen in grass with all the lettuce they used to decorate the waffles. Mimosas were mediocre and the overall service was just average. Our waiter was forgetful on the condiments and refilling the soda. It was pretty busy so I won't rate the service harshly. Overall, I may CONSIDER coming back, but may just look elsewhere.
I'm basing my review on a number of things. My meal, my husband's meal, price, etc.. . My husband had the sage fried chicken and waffles. He said they were amazing. They were HUGE, however, and he could only eat about 1/3 to 1/2 of it. Being in Vegas, it's not really feasible to take a to-go box with you. So, half his meal was left behind. I hate seeing all that food go to waste, so I wasn't thrilled about this.. . I had the chicken and biscuits. It's served over country style mashed potatoes with delicious gravy. The potatoes, biscuits and gravy were all delicious, however my chicken was super dry. I could have used a LOT more gravy to help out with the chicken. Still, I finished most of it. The portion size was a lot better than the chicken and waffles. . . Price was average based on the amount of food we received. . . We were far too full, and because it was dinner time, we didn't have any of their coffee drinks which I hear are out of this world. Perhaps next year when we're back in Vegas we'll stop in for a late breakfast instead of dinner.
Be prepared to drive a good 10-15 minutes off the strip.  Portions are ginormous.  We ordered the Meatloaf and the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles.  The meatloaf was dry.  It came with a side of potatoes, eggs, and a slice of cantaloupe.  It was a random combination but we were glad it was there to make up for the dry meatloaf.  The fried chicken was under-seasoned, but the parts that were seasoned was pretty good.  The waffles were good but only because of the bacon stuffed inside it.
Depends on what you're looking for here.  I wouldn't say this place has the best tasting breakfast food ever, but ti's solid.  Of course, the portions are BIG.  The service was friendly and efficient, at least when we were there.  Fun place to try once.
Food was overpriced, but good. If you like loud heavy metal music,  this is the place to go. I ask them to turn the music down, but they said they couldn't , well, I couldn't go back. I was a nervous wreck before I was done eating my food.
Top quality chefs displaced by the economic downturn are working here, so the Food is excellent. Always expect at least a 35 minute wait for a table.
Yes! Go here when you want good food at a chill spot in the middle of Vegas. Europeans say the best way to fight a hangover is to eat greasy foods! Well, I dont get drunk enough to have hangovers, nor do I agree with everything Europeans say... nor is Hash House that greasy, so I have no idea why I said that. Onto the review.. . Food - Bomb dot com. . Portions, ambiance, prices and whatever else doesnt even matter with the above said food description. Well, 1 star off because of the price and inconvenient locations (i.e. they need more locations, specifically in San Gabriel Valley where I live).. . I guess all that's left to talk about is the customer service. It's an American restaurant, not an Asian mom and pop, so comparably, I'd say it was pretty awesome. 'nough said.
Mostly a note on my latest trip on a Friday at 11am focusing on the service at the bar.... The 40-something looking Asian waiter was working the bar when I sat down.  Turns out he had missed one of the women sitting next to me's dishes completely and didn't remember to enter mine for 10-minutes after I placed it. There was a huge wait too which I suspect his being in the weeds was accountable for some of.  I am not sure if it was his server skills or the fact that he was also making all the drinks that resulted in the service being a bit weak, but luckily the food was good as usual.  Hey Hash House management, don't let your bar get too far in the weeds!
I'm going to round this up to a 3 star rating because I've never really ate at a place quite like this.  They actually have really interesting stuff on the menu that sound really appetizing.  I wish I could've just ordered everything I wanted, but there was no way no how i'd be able to do that.  My BF and I decided to split a plate since it was our first meal of the day.  We had the rosemary fried chicken with bacon waffle and leeks- $14.95.  It's definitely not chicken and roscoes!!!!  The chicken was extremely dry, hard and almost inedible.  Waffle was too thick and not moist and fluffy; it was also dry.  The only saving grace on that plate were the leeks, and I would say it was there more for decorative purpose.  I'd pass on this dish.  We also had two eggs, sunny side up, for an additional $2.95.  This excluded the $2.50 fee they add on for those who split a plate.  The rest of my party enjoyed pancakes and the basics!.  Everything is just ginormous!!!  The pictures posted give a rime example of the sizes/portions.  Even the kids pancake is huge, and definitely not bad for 4.95?  It was cheap!  . . The restaurant is pretty spacious and I appreciate the big booths they have.  I can't really say the decoration stood out to me though.  I can't pinpoint anything specific about it.. . Service was slow and rushed at the same time, if that even makes sense.  She took really long to greet us, but when she finally did she was eager to take our orders.  No "good morning", or "welcome to hash house".  It was my first time there so it would've been nice to have been greeted with a welcoming hello.  After she took our orders, it was a realllllllly long time before we saw her, or our food.  I flagged someone down inquiring about our food and then they finally came out, cold.  Blah.. . Overall, I think I want to give this place another shot, but it will probably be a while before I venture out again.  In the mean time i'll stick to the more "normal" breakfast spots out there..... . Oh yea, btw, Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends, all the people I've been blessed enough to cross paths with, all the people I have yet to meet, and most importantly my family! Thankful to have everyone of you in my life!  Enjoy
Fun restaurant, it was insanely busy when we showed up of course but it was worth the wait. We had decent service considering they had a packed house and the food was great. I had the salmon bendict. Scarfed that thing down. One of my friends had a scramble which wasnt the best dish on the table and my other friend had the fried chicken and waffles which was surprisingly scrumptious! Only downside, I desperately wanted more syrup! The waffles were pretty dry despite the slight drizzle of syrup. . . Coffee was good a strong just how I like it!
I was looking for a place to have brunch and I had heard from word of mouth that Hash House A Go Go was known for their HUGE portions so I figured it was worth a try. My friends and I arrived around 12:00pm or so and the place was super busy. There was a 30 minute wait which gave me more than enough time to look over the menu so that I could be ready to order once we sat down.. . For drinks we ordered the Watermelon Kiwi Limeade and the Smores Espresso. Both drinks were amazing and I would highly recommend both. However, just know that there are no refills on specialty limeades.. . For food we ordered the Trucker Combo with the Snickers Flapjack and the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. The snickers flapjack was enormous! It was probably larger than my face, it was larger than the plate it was served on. It came with 2 eggs and sausage. Very filling combo with a nice sweet touch added from the snickers. I had a few bites of the Fried Chicken meal. This combo was an enormous serving of fried chicken, bacon, biscuits and mashed potatoes. The meal as a whole tasted pretty good but I would have to say that on an individual level, I was a bit disappointed in the chicken. The chicken was supposed to be the highlight of the dish but it unfortunately tasted the most bland. . . All in all, I wouldn't mind going back to Hash House A Go Go but it probably won't always be at the top of my list of choices simply because the type of food served is something that can be found at other establishments and I am just not over my disappointment in the fried chicken. However, the environment was very casual and fun and the price is right considering the amount of food you get. I would be interested to try some other items on their menu as well as enjoy more of their very delicious drinks.
We have been to Hash House A Go Go many times using our Restaurant.com certificate.  Most of the time I order the Belgian waffles and fried chicken.  You get 4 very large waffles stuffed with bacon and two pieces of fried chicken.  I only ate one waffle and one piece of chicken.  I will have the other waffles, one each day for breakfast and have the chicken for dinner with other left-overs. The waffles were very good but the chicken breasts were very small and mainly crust with little meat.  Our cousin from Maryland was with us and she could not believe the size of the portions.  Like most restaurants it was very cold and they did not raise the temperature when we asked them to.  We will come back next time we get a visitor to share in the experience of eating here and seeing all the different very large dishes other people were getting.
3 1/2 stars to be more precise.. . I'm sure Hash House A Go Go got a nice surge after being featured on Man vs. Food and the gratuitous plug from Adam Richman (who has one of the coolest jobs in the world by the way).  But me?  I dunno, I'm not overly impressed.  It's kind of middle of the road for myself.. . I'm a good eater...and at Hash House A Go Go they do serve BIG FOOD!  Portions are ginormous and meals often come out on platters the size of a small hubcap.  You will almost always leave with a little doggie bag of leftovers!  Alas, for me the flavors of the food doesn't particularly sing to my palette.  It just seems like you're going to a chain restaurant with lots of chain restaurant food, and it all just kinda tastes the same.  Not bad, but not standout great.  When you combine the muted flavors with the high prices I have no choice but to knock you down a star or two.. . But perhaps this is my fault.  People rave that this place is a great deal for breakfast, when they showcase the best things to have at Hash House.  I ended up going for dinner so maybe my review is somewhat off-kilter.  But I gotta go off of what we ate, and it pains me to say it but it was all average.. . We shared Andy's Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffle Tower ($18).  I saw pics of this platter online and thought we gotta have that.  In all?  It was ok.  The fried chicken was hot and juicy, but I couldn't get into the batter they dip it in.  It was a tad on the thick side and got in the way of the chicken.  Also, the flavor was just bland, bland, bland.  Not spicy, savory, or sweet like a decent fried chicken.  It was very plain.  The waffles stuffed with whole strips of bacon?  Impressive, but again off in it's flavors.  The smoked bacon was delicious on its own, but the waffle needed some seasoning that the hot maple reduction couldn't offer.  The waffle was nice and crisp and chewy on the inside though like a waffle should be.. . We also shared one of Andy's Twisted Stuffed Burgers ($15).  The one we got had roasted beef, smoked mozzarella, and charred tomato in it.  It came out in a HUGE stack which of course made it near impossible to eat.  I had to cut it into tinier portions just to pick it up!  Doing this made my stuffed burger very uneven in the tasting.  I had a hard time getting to meld a bite that included all the fixings in the burger.  And by the time I finally got to eat my burger the juices from the patty made my bottom bun extra SOGGY.  I hate that.  And again, the flavors just seemed subdued somehow.  No zip, no zing, no tang, no mas!  It really just struck me as an average burger.  I've honestly had a better one for less money.  Will this be the first place I suggest use a dash of MSG in their food?  However, the fries were crisp and delicious. . . Speaking of sharing...there will be none of it had unless you like being charged for it!  Seriously, you get charged a $4-5 fee if you are sharing one plate.  It seems a bit highway robbery if you ask me...serve me a too large portion of so-so food then punish me if I want to share?  I can see why obesity rates are high in the US.  So your best bet here is to order two plates of food (or an entree and a large side) if you're a couple and avoid that dumb fee altogether.  You will just have more leftovers to take home.  . . Speaking of leftovers...we left Hash House with 3 (yes 3) containers of food for the ride home!  I indeed ate all I could and left full, but not satisfied.  A few hours later I decided on some of the leftovers for a midnight snack but again was met with the mediocre.  My leftovers didn't hold up well at all!  Fried chicken was soggy (and still bland), and the burger had gone on the rubbery side.  I was too disappointed thinking about throwing away all this food so I ended up eating it anyway.  Not one of my finer moments.. . The main reason why I still give a 3 1/2 star here was because of the service.  Our waitress was very attentive and pleasant, and kept our drinks filled without much fuss.  She had some mad strong forearms too, defined!  Must be from all the heavy duty platter lifting going on there.. . Hate to say it Hash House A Go Go, but I think if I ever try this place again it will be for breakfast or brunch.  Please work on seasoning your food!  Thanks, k bye!
We went back for a second time really looking forward to the fried chicken & bacon waffles.  We ordered this and whilst there was nothing "wrong" it just wasn't as good as the first/last time we ate here.. . The service was excellent, the restaurant was much busier as we were there at lunchtime.. . I really can't put my finger on why we didn't enjoy it as much - we will go back next time we are in Vegas.
too much food. every time.. . what starts as delicious inevitably becomes nothing more but a mess on the plate of gross starchy eggy mess.. . why won't you let me put poached eggs on the fried chicken benedict?? i know you can do it! there are poached eggs elsewhere on the menu!
Rate a 5 for decor . Rate 4 for service. Rate a 2 for food taste but a 5 for presentation ( love the fresh rosemary sprig). . . My husband had the meatloaf sandwich and I had the Coconut-mango flap jack (which is as big as a hubcap).   Bother were oddly bland.   The meatloaf needed seasoning, the brioche should have been toasted more.   The flapjack was bland, except for the chunks of mango which were nice, the coconut was also bland- should have been toasted and more of it.  The pecan maple syrup was tasty. . The food may actually be better then a 2 but after the fabulous decor, very good service and excellent presentation-  our food was a real let down
Good breakfast place. Large portions, creative menu (including kids menu) and decent food. Best thing I had was the biscuits and some fabulous apricot spread they just sit on the tables (be sure to try it). Prices are a little high and the service was a little slow and inconsistent (never brought us any butter for those yummy biscuits and no extra napkins after we asked for them 3 times). If you go on a weekend, go early. We got right in at 10 am but by the time we left there was a long, long wait.
First place/meal I've eaten outside of California, and I'm impressed.. . *They do not seat you until your entire party has arrived*. As I waited for the last person of our "party" to arrive, I noticed all of the celebrities that have eaten here. Thumbs up for Neil Patrick Harris eating here!. . I saw the incredibly large portions of food they serve, so I decided to share something with my sister.. . We ordered "Sage Fried Chicken" - stacked with our famous bacon waffle, hot maple caramel reduction and crowned with fried leeks for $16.95. I wasn't a fan of the leeks, but those waffles were pretty good. The large portions were what impressed me.. . If you're planning on sharing an order, they'll charge you $2.50 for one person not ordering, so they recommend you just get a side of toast or some fries so that way you're not charged for no reason at all.. . The waitress was incredibly nice, she made everyone feel comfortable.. . I do enjoy my chicken and waffles, but I think I'll stay in California for my Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles next time.
Waited an exceptionally long time to get seated for brunch, probably around an hour and a half to two hours.  After we got seated the waiter was very friendly, but seemed busy.  I ordered the HH "Famous" Meatloaf hash, it was pretty bleh.  The hash tasted bland, the biscuit tasted bland and had an uncooked flour taste.  I also ordered the Kiwi watermelon lemonade, it tasted very out of season.  The kiwi was sour the watermelon wasn't sweet at all, I guess it was refreshing in the way of lemon in water but I don't think it was worth the price.  . It wasn't all bad though, my girlfriend got the Sage Chicken that was pretty tasty and large portions, and the food tasted pretty fresh.  Was it worth the wait? I don't think so. Maybe I'd try something different if it was less busy.
The 8 of us arrived a bit before 11 on a Wednesday and there was no wait.  Our server was really personable and helpful, no complaints about the service here.  After hearing how huge the portion sizes are we all opted to share plates.  There is a split plate charge, but if each person sharing orders some sort of plate or side the charge is waived.  So, 3 of us shared a chicken & waffles and the pork benedict, to prevent the charge we ordered a side of bacon.  The rest of the table ordered the chicken benedict, a scramble, sausage and a waffle.  . . The food was okay, the portion sizes really were gigantic.  I wish the benedicts had a poached egg on them instead of the small amount of scrambled eggs.  The waffles had big bacon pieces sticking out of them, that was a nice touch.  . . Unfortunately a lot of us found ourselves running to the bathroom multiple times later that day.  So if you end up coming here, perhaps you should consider ordering something that isn't super greasy and fried...
So everyone has been here.  I guess you can say I'm a late bloomer? It's taken me a few years to finally have breakfast here.  I originally herd that this place has huge portions, a twist on traditional breakfasts and yes... It was.  . I ordered the Chicken and Waffles and I loved the waffles.  They were so fluffy and they were loaded with bacon inside the waffle.  Delish!  The chicken though, sucked!  It had no taste to it.  It was moist, but it was just bland.  I was dissapointed.
I've been here twice.  After going the first time I never wanted to return.  Quesadilla with mashed potatoes and egg? I think not. I was disgusted the whole rest of the MONTH!!! And this wasn't even my plate.  I ordered a BLT which was good and all, but way too much lettuce.  The coffee wasn't that great either.  I just didn't like the overall feel of the place either.  It wasn't cozy and I don't remember the service if it was good or bad, so I'm just going to say it wasn't remarkable (being that I can't remember). . I chose to go here a second time only because my friend LOVES this place and wanted to meet up for breakfast.  I agreed because I'm not one to argue.  I don't remember what she ordered but it looked okay.  I think it was a massive omelet with avocado.  I ordered a pancake :) Yes just a pancake because after my first experience I didn't trust any of the other weird creations on the menu.  To my surprise the massive pancake tasted just fine, but honestly how do you screw up a pancake.  I was pleasantly surprised my second time so I may consider going again IF it's not my choice.   . . On a side note I took my family to M Resort because I thought they had a coffee shop, and to my disappointment their "coffee shop" was Hash house a go go...I left the resort without even eating and going elsewhere! (this was after my first experience)
That crazy ass watermelon drink.. . Thats why i ventured out to here. The drink was on point and was a great way to start drinking at 10 in the morning :). . Chicken and waffles were delicious.. . Word of advice: don't order the Salmon. It stinks to high heaven (smoked, yet fully cooked :( ) - you will lose friends.
We went here for dinner Thanksgiving Day with a party of 12. Our waitress was really nice and super accommodating. I got chicken and waffles. Pretty yummy. Portions are epic here. No one was able to finish their dish. You definitely get your money's worth.
I like this place. Bathrooms are dirty. I ask for Coke and a water just got Coke. Waitress just walks by the empty glass like I can refill it.
Ordered the corned beef hash and it was pretty average. The amount was generous, but the biscuit was too hard and I would prefer the potatoes to be cut into smaller pieces. Other than that, the eggs, fruit, and corned beef were delicious. The staff, with the exception of one hostess, were very friendly and attentive. . . Arrived around 11am on saturday and had to wait approx 45 mins. Popular place. They also have several smaller locations located in some hotels. . . Oh yea, they only have tabasco so if you prefer another hot sauce bring your own.
Her corn beef hash (house made) was a big disappointment.  It wasn't hash at all-strips of pulled beef with quartered potatoes, onion and green pepper.. . The reason to eat here was my Andy's sage fried chicken.  A tower topped by a sprig of local rosemary, it had something different with every bite.  Ham, fresh spinach, smoked bacon, grilled mozzarella, scrambled eggs, mashed potatoes...all covered in chipotle cream.  Only the unripe hothouse tomato disappointed.. . Service was unattentive, slow and hairy.  The waiter's beard was long enough that it probably should have been in a hair net.  Although the bus boy's comb-over was very stylish, it would not pass a health department inspection because he had no hair net.. . We'd return.
Okay, sure, the Chicken and Waffles and Stuffed Burger were huge and delicious but the service was terrible. The hosts weren't very welcoming at all and our server took a while to take our order and seemed to be distracted and too busy. He wasn't very friendly and were kinda rushing us out.
I got the chicken and waffle dinner, I didn't find it deserving of four stars.  First, the prices are ridiculous for bar fair, yes bar fair.  Go to any PT's Pub and you can find virtually the same menu, minus the duck breast.  The majority of my dish was fried leek garnishing my dish, it was ridiculous!  My two small bone-in chicken breasts were good, but I would say no better than Cracker Barrel.  The waffles were frozen for god sakes!  I would say this restaurant is mainly for show and the food is way overpriced.  I would recommend saving roughly 25-30$ on a meal for two by avoiding this diner-trap that's been way over reviewed.
F-U Heart Attack Grill!. The portions at this place will give any place dedicated to given people a coronary bypass a run for its money.  The portions are ridiculous.  Hell, I even saw some lady eating out of what looked like to be a deep fried sombrero.  Ole Mother Fuckers!. The people next to us had a pancake that was obviously made on the lid of a tras can.  Oscar the Grouch Bitches!. As for me, I had the chicken and waffles.  Two nice size pieces of chicken on top of maple syrup drizzled waffles.  . Oh yeah, the waffles were filled with strips of Bacon. Pork Belly Bastards!
There are good thing and bad...... . The food is excellent, HUGE portions, and everything is unique and made with fresh ingredients. I had the Sage Fried Chicken Bene, which was divine. I prob would have scarfed it all down, but I was nursing a vicious hang over, so really I mostly poked and prodded at it. . . The bad thing, we waited for 40 minutes, and once we got seated we notice at least a third of the dining area was empty! It was a saturday morning, so there was no reason to be under staffed. Also the portions are little obnoxiously large, really, who is gonna eat all that!
I don't like American comfort food or huge portions - here I got both. However, the quality of the food is good nevertheless. If you like American comfort food you will absolutely adore this place. The decor, ambience and service are great! I had a great time meeting a buddy of my BF here and tried some of his pasta dish. The pasta was very, very good. The fried chicken on top of it I avoided. They like to put branches of rosemary on top of their dishes here. We jokingly referred to them as trees. My BF and I shared some BBQ ribs which had a BBQ sauce that tasted more like teriyaki than anything. It would have been good if the meat was not so fall off the bones tender. Plus the meat didn't have a smoky flavor. They call their food "Twisted Farm Food" and indeed it is. There are many things you will notice about your plate that will give you that idea. Their biscuits are not bad. They have a sweet sauce drizzled on them but they are a bit too big for your mouth and a little too hard. I had a mango tea. Be warned - refills are $1. Prices are not bad considering they do give you huge portions.We got seated real quick. Parking is not an issue.
Clean and priced ok. Our problem was: egg shells in our eggs, eggs were under-cooked, Wifes breakfast came out a full 10 minutes before mine. On the bright side the pancakes were tasty....however insist on extra butter and syrup....for a place that promotes excess portions, their stingy on the toppings!
1219 reviews...... Really??? Actually that should just show it may be all about the hype and not the food.....(and now this makes 1220). . Now, don't get me wrong...the food is pretty good.....I wouldn't call it a gourmet breakfast or anything, it's just not the best place I've been for breakfast food. The portions are HUGE, of course, that's what they are famous for.....you can more than likely share your entree with someone. . . Service wasn't so great on the day we went......one of the people at our  table ordered fries, but they came back much later to tell him they had run out (how do you run out of fries?) anyways, they brought him an alternative and said they wouldn't charge anything, but low and behold, the imaginary fries were on the bill. Just kind of annoying, that's all. . . I think it's fun to eat here at least once, but not make it your go-to breakfast place in Vegas (the egg and I might be a better option.... )
We shared the chicken and waffles on a sunday afternoon for 20. . . - Fast seating! eat for 2? sit in a couple mins :). - chicken was crispy. tender. had glaze on it. to compare with BBQ chicken, best of the best quality, it tasted pretty similar. so for the 2 pieces at a high price.. ehh.. but in defense, you think of presentation and they got style! . - comes with 4 waffles with bacon inside. bacon stays crispy. thick slice. only got one maple, service was too slow to ask for another. . - I'm more about getting full (with good food) at a cheap price. If you like fancy plating and the novelty of being at such a popular restaurant, this place is for you. . - beware of men's bathroom. with the big portions you get, one can imagine... -____-
This review is for the restaurant as a whole and not specifically this location. My friends and I were in town for a birthday and on the way back to California, we decided to stop by at the Hash House A GoGo that was at the M Resort. I've always wanted to try this place due to the fact that i'm an avid Man vs. Food watcher. . . THE FOOD: the portions are fairly big so i would recommend sharing unless you've got a big appetite and know you are able to consume that much food. I sure wish i had shared my dish with some else. . what we ordered (all very good dishes btw cause we tried each others dish): .  - Farm Benedict: House smoked salmon w/ fresh asparagus, sundried tomatoes, chili cream and two basted eggs.  - The Basic: Two egg breakfast any style, potatoes, fruit and biscuit (add bacon, sausage or ham).  - French Toast: Griddled french toast dipped in banana cinnamon cream w/ pecan maple syrup.  - Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit .  - Famous One Pound Stuffed Burger: Hardwood smoked bacon, avocado & cheddar. . I thought that the food was pretty rich in the sauces and quite heavy. I'm not much of a breakfast eater but i did enjoy my meal here. Although i did have to take a good amount of it to go. . . PRICES: each dish is about 15 dollars ( unless you get the basic breakfast/brunch dishes, which are about 9 dollars) It isn't too bad as compared to the rest of the prices from restaurants on the strip in Vegas.  . . SERVICE: I have to rate the service at the M Resort location to be a 2.5. Our server/waiter was one of those who you could just tell hated his job and as a result it showed in his performance and the service that was provide to my party of 8 was not that great. He even dropped a fork on my friend as he was clearing the table and said "shit man i'm sorry" in my opinion, that is very unprofessional. from my work experience i know the importance of excellent customer service and i definitely did not feel it here. BUT the food was pretty good and I was in good company so i was willing to over look that slight annoyance . . OVERALL. i recommend you all to try it at least once. :) Check out the photos i posted too to see the dishes that my table ordered!
I've been reading reviews about this place's amazing food so just had to go try it out .   Wasn't sure whether to go for breakfast or dinner but ended up there for dinner due to poor lack of planning and we only had one more day in Vegas.   . . We arrived at 7 pm and there  was only a few people in the restaurant.  We were immediately sat down and a nice waitress came over to help.   . . I ordered one of those kiwi watermelon lemonades spiked.   Very good but not enough liquor!!  . . Got a chicken sandwich with the recommendation of the bacon cheese mashed potatoes by the waitress.  I asked for the mayonnaise on the side since I wasn't sure how much they would slather on.   Husband ordered the chicken pot pie which the waitress warned came with a cracker style crust.   . . Food came out very quick and had a dramatic presentation.   . . Thought the sage fried chicken on the sandwich was soggy and rather bland.   Also the cheese on top of the potatoes was microwaved to the point of being hard.  Peeled it off and the potatoes underneath were fine.  I ate a better part of it and the waitress said I did a great job! . . Husband thought the chicken pot pie was different but good.  . . I think I will try this place for breakfast next time I go and see if the food is any better. . . Wonderful service though!
Pretty damn delicious food, pretty terrible service.. . First the good news...Food was excellent. Huge portions, so be prepared to doggy bag it, waste it, or share it.  Our party of 6 girls split the chicken and waffles, blackberry granola pancake, and chorizo hash.  The chicken was flavorful and crispy, and made up for the terrible fried chicken I had at the Wicked Spoon buffet the day before. The chorizo hash was cheesy, spicy, and yummy.  The granola pancakes were great as well. . . Now the bad news...it took us about an hour just to get our food, and our waiter was a little too pushy on trying to make us order more food. We were fully prepared to just split two entrees, but he claimed we really needed three. When we asked if we could put in the order for the two entrees and think about the third, he flat out refused and said he'd come back. He asserted that because of the crowded restaurant, our order would throw off the course of the meal since everything is made to order (like every other damn restaurant).  We were considering getting a salad, which I highly doubt would throw off the delicate timing of the food. At any rate we wouldn't eat for a long while anyway. We did let ourselves be guilt-tripped into buying the pancakes, as we were hungry. It also took about 10 minutes to pay the bill.. . I'd definitely go back with a big group to order some food, but I hope I wouldn't have the same experience of being pushed around.
Food was good, but not great.Portions were big, which I expected, but you pay for it (it's a little expensive).  Wish I had thought ahead and split an order.  It was nice, but I guess I expected more.
Coming to Las Vegas, you just have to go off strip. There are so many interesting places you can find outside of the overly hyped and overly priced brand name famous restaurants on Las Vegas Blvd.. . This is one of them!. Portions here are HUGE!!!!! I MEAN HUGEEEE!!. . bring lots of friends so you can try more than one dish at a time. . . A must try!
Worth the wait! The food was amazing... Our waiter did magic tricks while we waited for our food. Great experience... I will definitely eat here again.
Everytime I go there's a huge line so I know it's always packed especially Fri-Sun when there are tourists as well. I asked the waitress for whatever she recommends. It came, I ate just a bit and it wasn't all that. It's a cool environment but it's greasy as hell. It's like a kfc but nicer place with cooler attire and ofcourse a bit pricier. It's nothing to go out of your way. I would say try it but don't make it a habbit. Wasn't too fond of the greasiness factor.
What more can be said about this place that hasn't been beaten to death already? It's a good breakfast place with a mix of novelty in there. Of course, at a fairly high price. So, I'll just say this: if you have relatives in town, especially from another country (even Canada!), take them here immediately. They will have every American stereotype immediately reinforced in the most awesome of ways.
food was amazing and more than enough for 1 person.  It was delish!!!
Tried this place only because I heard it was popular. After I started seeing the food I realized why. The portions are gigantic, almost jokingly so. It sounds like quantity over quality but the food taste was decent. We ordered:. . Salmon hash - salmon and veggies over a mountain of mashed potatoes. . vegetarian quesadilla - huge quesadilla with spicy sauce on top. . sage fried chicken - fried chicken covered in a layer of melted cheese, on top of open biscuits, on top of a mountain of mashed potatoes. . It wasn't the best breakfast food I ever had, but maybe a little better than average. We enjoyed the novelty of such ridiculous portion sizes, but this isn't somewhere I could be a regular of, it would ruin anyone's diet. I think they have normal breakfast options on their menu as well, but as a first time, we had to try the popular stuff.
ummmm.. we shoulda gone to the bellagio buffett for breakfast !. why did i allow  tv shows & online publications to sway my initial desire to bury myself in a luxury hotel's highly regarded buffet ?. ugggghhhhhhh. so 20-25 min wait (on  a wed late morning) & we each have an egg dish (bacon  eggs overmedium fruit ) & we share a small biscuits & gravy.. well the b&g were good (we've had better) & the egg dishes i can make at home w/ my eyes closed & 1 hand tied behind my back!. the menu is too much,. the sage fried chicken sounds not good (sage overload? im  a simple gal). & frankly, this is more like a hangover type of place ... . not too pricey but certainly not cheap for the medicore brekky we had!
I always expect Hash House to be excellent, and I am usually disappointed..  It is really good, portios are fresh and humungous, just not quite the joy I expect..  Except for the Banana French Toast. THAT is some good stuff..  Looking back, I guess it isn't that the food isn't great, it's that the sevice is ok and the prices are really high..  Confused now? Go try it. Let me know.
huge helpings, but i felt like i expected better quality.  felt kind of sick afterwards.
To be honest, when I go here, I always order the same thing: The hash house quesadilla. This dish can feed two people! The restaurants known for big portions. Their sauce & toppings inside the quesadilla is just so satisfying.  Add some tabasco & your breakfast is complete. Their servers are tatted up & also express themselves through friendly conversations. However, I dont recommend their chicken & waffles or going to the Imperial Palace location. Hash house offers alcoholic drinks & plenty room for your group, so why not try this featured Food Network joint?
A friend and I decided to try out Hash House A Go Go for the first time because of rave reviews others have given. Upon receiving the food, I noticed that the presentation was aesthetically pleasing and the portions were (far too) generous. I'm the type of person who would opt out from paying a little more money for a lot more food I don't want to finish.. . I had the Big 'Ol Chicken Pot Pie solely because I was craving chicken pot pie while my friend had...the pork tenderloin? I'm not quite sure and never got to try it so I'll skip that in the review. All I remember was that the blue cheese mash it came with was delish.. . The pot pie wasn't in the traditional form of a pie but came in a giant hat-shaped bread-crust with chicken pot pie filling piled into a plate. I appreciate the fried garnishes on top and the noticeable amount of rosemary in the crust as well. The filling was hot and soft and well-rounded. . . However, the crust was just okay to me and half the reason I get any kind of pie is for a good flaky crust. The crust in this pie was a bit too hard and cold. Maybe I missed some kind of memo that warned customers of the deviation from the norm.. . If I were to judge this place on just their Big 'Ol Chicken Pot Pie, I would have rated it a 4/5 but I also had the opportunity to taste their (nonalcoholic) Kiwi-Watermelon Lemonade and Strawberry Lemonade. And for the price, I was definitely unimpressed. They just tasted so ordinary when people had hyped me up beforehand into thinking they would be amazing.. . I do want to go back again and try their breakfast sometime in the near future, though.
First of all, please put up pictures of your more exotic dishes at the restaurant.  Sometimes words can not describe what this dish is supposed to taste like, but pictures speak a thousand words.. . Secondly, the Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade is a pure stroke of genius.  You have given me an idea for a new party drink creation - KiwiWaterLemon Soju.. . Next, let's go on to A_____, your very defensive waiter.  I asked him to describe a "Scramble" and he told me what it was.  My response was "Oh.  Okay,  So it's kinda like a Denny's breakfast skillet."  He then got pretty irritated and told me that it's not anything like that.  "And unlike Denny's, we use fresh ingredients that probably came in from California this morning."  Geez.  Okay.  Relax.  So I was fucking wrong.  Excuse me.  Just correct me, don't treat me like an idiot.  I should have walked out at that point.. . Lastly, do NOT eat the "HH Famous Meatloaf, roasted red peppers, fresh spinach and smoked mozzarella" (House Hash) served with eggs on a bed of crispy potatoes.  The meatloaf is tasteless, dry and gray.  There's a great biscuit, but no country gravy.  I ate the eggs and a little bit of the meatloaf, then let the rest of it rot.  This is a poorly designed dish and it should be removed from the menu.. . Would I come back and give Hash House A Go Go another chance?  Of course I would.  But to be fair, except for the great lemonade, my experience was pretty sub-par.  I need to be 'WOW"ed the next time.
The food is ok they give you a lot of starch as a filler - huge portions
I like Hash House A Go Go, what I don't understand is the rave about this place, yes the portions are very big, but the prices match the portion sizes. I would rave if you were paying casino breakfast special prices and you were getting these portion sizes. The staff is awesome and hipster. I will eat here again, just not go out of my way to come here.
Gigantic portion of pancake, the corned beef hash is awesome.
Had brunch here during our Christmas Vegas trip. Ordered sage fried chicken and waffles, hand hammered pork tenderloin benedict, and fried salmon sandwich. The portion was huge and not meant for one person. The bbq cream on the pork was quite tasty, the fried leak and bacon stuffed waffle were good. The crispy salmon with cornmeal coating was also delicious. . . Overall, food to value ratio was good since you do get tons of food for a reasonable price. We would probably not return though because the huge portion was a big turn off for us.
Really closer to two stars but that feels harsh. . . I had the corned beef hash. It was a tough portion of meat (which for brisket means it needed a bit more slow cooking) with some decent potatoes that came on a cold skillet. With the biscuit and side of fruit, it felt like a lot of food but it was overall just....heavy and bland. . . Also, will you people stop this bullsh*t of putting bacon into everything?! Bacon mixed into the waffle. Bacon in the mashed potatoes. I don't eat the stuff, but even if I did, bacon is not a cheap substitute for knowing how to season your food. . . On the positive side, service was really nice and attentive, and we didn't have to wait too long before being seated. . . I don't know if I'd go back, honestly. Its sort of out of the way, a little pricy, and the few things I could eat were more calorie bombs than bombtastic. Maybe if someone else is paying, I'll try it again.
Very nice place...   Friendly and fast service. I arrived at 10:30 in the morning for breakfast and was seated almost immediately. I asked the waitress for her advice... and was served a very flavorful breakfast. Not only was it tasty, it was very artfully presented. I will admit though, as quickly as my meal arrived at  the table it was just... well... warm. Otherwise it would have been an easy four stars instead of a tough three stars.. Still it was an enjoyable breakfast.. I hafta say though this is not a budget breakfast... dropped a hundred bucks with tip for four people.
Their kiwi watermelon lemonade was absolutely delicious and refreshing!!  A must have!!  They gave a lot of food (pancakes are huge). I just had a simple breakfast of a buttermilk pancake with eggs and bacon.   My friend tried their meatloaf skillet which he didn't care for at all.
Always been a fan of this place, but I think their breakfast menu items are better than the other meal period menu items. Have had the burgers before, very greasy and bland. Chicken and Waffles were okay. Sage Fried Chicken was good, but inconsistent. Sometimes its very good, and sometimes, not so much. The waffles however are always terrible. Being as how they have bacon inside them, you would think they would be great. We always end up pulling the bacon out and eating that alone.  They have good strong coffee and the Jam Du jour is tasty. My favorite dish is the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, but sometimes the potatoes come out cold. They have great plate presentations, but even that cannot cover up some of the small protein portions on the dinners, like the MIxed Grill special they often have. Much of this place is hype, so just stick with the breakfast there and you'll be fine.
Every trip to Las Vegas, we make it a point to stop at least once for breakfast . . . not sure what happened in the last year and half . . . but the food quality and flavor, at least a this location seems to have wained.. . Order from there specials menu . . . Seshawanie Hash with an extra biscuit . . . The venison sausage was bland, the aspragas and peppers were on the raw side, the goat cheese tasted spoiled, but the biscuits were great.. . Maybe this location has just gotten old and complacent . . . either way . . . a visit to the Hash-House-A-Go-Go is a right of passage for us . . . so next time we will have to try one of the other locations . . . but we are still fans . . .
The portion sizes are pretty ridiculous.  I had the pork tenderloin sandwich and it was decent tasting.  But the burgers i seen others eating looked great so i was remorseful with burger envy.  I will return some day when i'm starving to see if I could possibly eat a whole burger here.
Came in for an early dinner since on was on this side of town. It was a Monday so the place was not busy.. . I ordered the 16 oz bone in rib eye steak from my waitress and requested cheddar bacon mashed instead of the sweet potato mashed. After she left I realized she didn't ask me how I wanted my steak cooked ,so I got up and advised her by the kitchen. When my waitress returned she advised me they weren't going to charge me extra for the change order this time, but in the future it will be $4.95 extra. Overall the food was yummy - steak was cooked medium rare as requested, sides of carrots and asparagus were included and even slices of prosciutto were a added touch. The cheddar covered bacon mashed was delish and included two full size strips of bacon! . . After completing my meal my waitress dropped the bill and and I reviewed it but she charged me the $4.95 extra charge for the Cheddar mashed - WTH? What was also disturbing was she didn't ask me if I wanted dessert. I advised her I wanted the banana cheesecake - It was huge but flat tasting. After a few bites I left the balance and advised the waitress. She said she would advise the chef but when she returned with my bill I was charged $2.75 for coffee which I didn't order.  I pointed this out to my waitress and she took the bill and readjusted the tab again.. . In closing, the main entree didn't disappoint at this Hash A Go Go but the service from my rookie waitress was horrendous. She never did mention a word with the flat cheesecake!
Big servings but the taste is always a hit or miss. :(
After having ate at this restaurant at the M Hotel and Casino yesterday and sharing the experience with my girlfriend she was anxious to give it a try.. . Rather than drive all the way across town we opted to visit the one a little closer to us.. . My girlfriends review is right below mine. Her name is Karen. Although it is very detailed and accurate. I'll add a few things. . . She gave it four stars so apparently she was a little more impressed than I was.. . We each ordered one of their fancy drinks off of their drink menu. Both drinks were overly sweet and really just not that tasty. I do admit they both looked great and we did keep the souvenir glasses as they looked pretty cool.. . I felt that the wait time for our food order was longer than needed. Strange as this is the same complaint I had about the one I visited yesterday.. . . I ordered the blackened chicken and she ordered the pot pie. As usual the portions are humongous. . . Both items arrived piping hot. All of this is good but again I found the food to be only satisfactory. It'll definitely fill you up and it was tasty enough. The presentation is terrific. ....... but again I just don't fell the urge to have to visit this place again.. . I'd recommend other places before recommending this place.. . The check was around $60.00... . Again we had a overall satisfactory experience. Good and hot food. Friendly staff. Clean environment.. . Something just keeps me from giving this place more than 3 stars.
Been twice. Service okay One meal was amazing. The other two were average. Portions are big enough you can split. My fiance proposed to me here on one of our trips. Our waitress was more interested in serving us and getting us out, then letting us enjoy the moment. Overall, I enjoy the food and atmosphere, but its nothing too special.
Had never been before, had heard good things so was really looking forward to it. First just an FYI the place closes between lunch and dinner.  The places decor is very nice. The staff was nice prompt and helpful. The food was good but not what I was expecting. And over priced. FYI almost anything that comes with chicken is bread and quite possibly still on the bone. Over all opine was just ok.
First thing about this place...the portions are RIDICULOUS!!!  Seriously, either expect to bring home what could constitute for a full meal (after you've already eaten half of what you're brought) or be prepared to split with somebody.. . Second thing about this place...the food isn't that great.  It's pretty to look at, the plating is done very nicely.  It's amazing how much you get, but then you take that first bite and...well, I wasn't impressed, and I got biscuits and gravy.  I'm sorry, but that's a difficult dish to not have taste well.  . . The atmosphere is delightful and the staff are courteous, but the food...could be better.
I came here with a larger party (10 of us) we were greeted quickly and our server was very nice, knew the menu inside and out and was able to offer lots of suggestions. My food came out incorrect however and several of our party felt like their dishes were not as great as they could have been. The chicken and waffles is to die for however, and our experience was overall a good one. Seems a bit out of the way for us since we stay on the strip, so we may not be making a return trip.
I actually like it here, but I'm not going crazy on the stars because I agree with the gist of some other reviews: the food is big, and the menu is interesting, but the food just doesn't taste as good as it sounds. There is always a long list of ingredients in the description, and while you are promised what sounds like an orgy of chipotle cream, smoked mozzarella, caramelized onions, basil pesto, and other tastebud stimulators that sound great on paper, what you get seems a little more like a pile of somewhat dry mashed potatoes, tasting more like the paper than what you imagined. There are dishes I enjoy- the sage fried chicken is consistently good, though the waffles are not crispy and deteriorate too fast, and, number one complaint, the huge portion is accompanied by a thimble-sized pitcher of syrup. What the hell? Same for those hubcap-sized pancakes(which come in various flavor combos but with very little flavor, and with insufficient syrup to wet them down, it's like trying to eat a blanket). And how about those giant biscuits they serve before dinner? I'm a fan, but they went from supplying one Barbie-sized pitcher of honey to the whole table, to skipping that entirely and just drizzling on a little (very little) before serving them. For a place that's so generous with the portions, and that must plow through a field of rosemary daily, garnishing even the plates that have nothing to do with said herb, why are they so reluctant to part with the condiments? Maybe they could save a couple of bucks by ditching their other inexplicable practice of adding what can only be described as french-fried broom straws to all their dishes. You spend the first few minutes just picking weeds from your plate.  The meatloaf is quite good, as is the grilled cheese, and Baby girl loves the salmon. The side vegetables are usually well cooked and seasoned. I've never tried dessert, because I can't fathom ever getting that far, and I've been tempted to try  one of those giant burgers, but never do because I know I can't finish it and re-heated burgers are just not good. Strangely, though, the leftovers we do bring home (which is always), seem to taste better than the original did. Who can explain it? But the HH brown bags are always seized upon by the family vultures with midnight munchies. Yes, I'll keep coming here to dine, but I will never again make the mistake of ordering the Thanksgiving dinner to go. The fried turkey was ok, the veggies were raw, the dressing was dry and flavored only with salt, the portions of potatoes were shockingly small- less than they serve on a single dinner in the restaurant, and the Snickers bread pudding dessert wound up in the trash. Unprecedented. Oh, and the number one reason I will keep coming back? You can almost always get your hands on a half off coupon. Then it's REALLY a bargain!
I came here due to some friends recommendation due to the reviews.  The restaurant is very plain looking, looks like an average diner.  After looking at the reviews, I decided to go with the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken.  The portions are crazy.  It is definitely a place to go eat if you are hungry.  I would say that the food was ok.  The price seems kind of expensive for what it is, but i guess the portions make up for it.  It seems that they just pile up a bunch of good together without thinking if it actually works.
Hash House A Go Go is the place to go if you've been deprived of food for a few days. Heard about it from my sister, who recommended it after seeing it on Man vs. Food.. . I went here on my birthday. Ordered the HH Original Farm Benedict. Wow! It was a mountain of food. One dish can probably feed a family of 5. Not really what I expected in terms of eggs benedict. The biscuits and mashed potatoes gave it some good texture. Q: Is it still eggs benedict if there's no hollandaise sauce? It took me about 30 minutes to annihilate that dish. The server said he was impressed with that accomplishment. Washed it down with a banana latte biatch! A-OK, but not spectacular. Needless to say, I fell asleep 15 minutes later (food coma).  Low carb diet? Forget about it - not at this place!
I like HashHouse.  They have good food in giant portions.  I think they are a little overrated for what their service is, and there is usually a wait time.  if you have a lot of hungry people, and time to wait to be seated, this is a great place for family gatherings.  if, on the other hand, time is a valuable to you as a good meal, I'd probably choose another option.
I went here and WoW. The food was good but it was so crowded and the tables were extremely close together. Mainly the portions were huge and you payed for them thats for sure. It was me and my parents for lunch and the bill was around a hundred dollars. I got a chicken pot pie dish and it weighed like 10 pounds. There was the "innards" of the chicken pot pie on top of a pizza size crust sticking out of the bowl with mash potatoes under neath the crust as well as peas and carrots. The food was good but the portions were huge and the prices were expensive
I'm just not a fan. I don't care how big the portions are. . . Each time I've been to this location, it's a horrible long wait and the service is very uncaring and slow. . The food is good, but it's not amazing. Not worth waiting over an hour for in any case or paying the higher prices. I'm not sure why people are obsessed with large portions of food...especially for breakfast. Hardly anyone ever finishes it, and breakfast food is typically not what you want for leftovers.. . This place is eh.
Ok so im a local and come here pretty often.. the food is good and the portions are enormous. I have one big problem with this place -- the hostesses have been instructed to not seat guests in the booths unless you are 6 people?! We were 4 but were maybe going to be 5 and were not seated  until all guests arrived ( yikes - the restaurant wasnt even crowded ). Also had to basically almost have a fight to get the booth. Service is good here but hostesses need to lighten up and let customers have a booth especially when the restaurant isnt full ?! wtf?  Also... womens bathroom is disgusting. I brought this to the attention of the manager- but he really didnt care and the next time I was there it was just as bad :(..
Its ok hard to screw up breakfast pretty good skillet, service was great, pricey, no wow factor...
Comfort food, big portions nothing special.
I actually just recommended Hash House A GoGo  a few days ago to a friend relocating from Philly and lives in the area of Rainbow and Sahara.  I believe it's a great Vegas staple as far as good and plenty (huge) plates are concerned.  When I'm famished from a long night out this fresh food restaurant is a great way to replenish your reserves, then take a nap (you'll need one). Breakfast is best deal from the chicken & waffles to their egg specialties. The food has a homemade feel and that's a good thing, however, NO SUBSTITUTIONS!
My family and I got adventurous today and decided to come here... No wait when we got there... Service was ok, but could have been better... Food was ok but I expect my food to be cooked the way I requested (my over medium eggs were runny!) The food portions were huge, but bigger doesn't mean better.. . I'm glad I tried it, but I will stick with The Cracked Egg or Egg Works from now on...
2 of us ate breakfast there this morning. The food was good, just a few dollars overpriced. The portions are over-sized. There was no wait at 8:45. The servers and staff were mostly friendly, if a bit inattentive. I take 1 star away for the needless drama provided by Marissa while paying the check. Probably will go again.
I've been here so many times and I was wondering to myself why I've never written about it yet. Guilty pleasure, embarrassment, I dunno.. What I do know this HH is style over substance. Huge massive portions that are impressive in looks but lame on flavor. I mean the food doesn't really taste that good. So why do I keep coming back  if I don't like the place? Easy, out of town visitors. They've all heard about the place with food bigger than you're head. I can't say I don't warn them that it's not very good but hey, what do I know? . . What annoys me most about HH, the fried spaghetti and rosemary they stab and litter every plate with. I know its their signature but having to remove all the inedible bits from my plate is pretty lame. If it's not edible don't put it on the plate. . . A few highlights from our last visit.. . Traditional Buttermilk Flapjack - bigger than your head, thick, fluffy pancake. Nothing particularly special aside from the sheer size. We had this as a brunch appetizer and had a hard time finishing it. . . The Kokomo - huge meatloaf sandwich that was on the dry side. To be fair I grew up on moms meatloaf and trust me seldom any live up to her sweet juicy meat slab. I think the chief problem with the Kokomo is that the bread to meat ratio is way off. To much bread. . . Andy's sage fried chicken - very disappointing. The chicken while under seasoned was covered in a thick glaze of maple syrup reduction which just tasted weird to us. Unfortunately the reduction was also on the eggs and the bacon. I think if I were to order this again it would be with plain maple syrup on the side. That way I can control the sweet to savory ratio.. . With all of that said of course Ill be coming back with out-of-towners. The look on their faces when the food comes out is so worth it.
Ridiculously large portions
Took an extended weekend trip to Vegas. Yelped a few good places to eat at. Came across Hash House A Go Go. I ordered the roasted chicken with red peppers scramble with a side of potatoes. It was good not very seasoned but ehh cant complain. It was a good amount of food, I wasnt even able to eat it all. They had fresh homemade strawberry jam for the biscuits ( Loved it ). The server was friendly and there was no wait. We wanted to sit outside on the patio however there was this thing shooting out a mist of water and we asked if that would be going on the whole time they said yes. I am not sure why any one would want to be sprayed with a mist of water while they are trying to enjoy their breakfast but whatever lol. I would recommend this place but dont sit outside!
Too much food for just one person. The sage fried chicken and waffles should definitely be shared. They are deelish!
The food here is actually pretty good and probably one of the cheaper places to eat on the "strip."  Service was prompt and very friendly.  The place was very clean.  I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken, minus the bacon. It was way more than enough food for one person.  And, it was pretty tasty, minus the fried leeks.  I'm not a fan of leeks and waffles.  But, that's just me.
the portions are generous and the staff is friendly and helpful. but the food is just ok. nothing to write home about. i was really interested in going here for quite sometime, maybe that had something to do with why I thought the food was so bland. I had it built up in my head to be better than it was.
I would give them a FIVE star if they did just ONE little thing differently.  That ONE thing is to serve the food for everyone at the table at the SAME time. The food is tasty..just that ONE thing.
Craziest portions ever and the service was a bit slow but damn was the food good.
Service: Great.. . Food: Acceptable.. . Environment: There was a wide variety of people there appearance-wise.  I liked that.. . I ordered a hash with steak and eggs.  It came with a biscuit, which was very dense and crumbled easily.  I prefer moist and light biscuits, like the Pillsbury kind.  . . Although the environment and service were good, because I go out to eat primary for the food, and because the food was fair, I was neither impressed nor turned off by them.  I might go again to try a different meal.
I have been to Hash House several times over the years, usually when friends are in town.  I only go when my group of friends want to go.  It really isn't one of my go to places.  I like the food, but I don't think it is super special.  . . Yes, you get huge servings and will almost always have leftovers to bring home, which is a plus, but not enough to make me a diehard HH fan.  My complaint would be that the food doesn't have a ton of flavor.  I have had a lot of different items that always sound good, look beautiful, and have great presentation, but almost always the food is lacking flavor.  Everything is bland to me.  I always have to add a ton of salt, pepper, hot sauce, syrup, or something to add some flavor.  I love chicken and waffles in general, but the chicken here is always lacking seasoning. I do think the Kokomo sandwich is quite tasty though!. . I will probably keep ending up at HH occasionally because so many friends are in love with this place.  I will keep giving it a chance when I am there because I like the concept and the idea of the place.  And like I said, I think it is ok, just nothing amazing.
Food is good, alot to choose from. Servings are really big. The place was on tv so it's usually crowded. Close to my house.
We have been here several times and always thought it was amazing, but this time our service was terrible, our food was cold and our eggs were not cooked to order. This was a huge disappointment, since we live in another state and this is one of our favorite places to go in Las Vegas. I only gave it 3 stars because I know how good it usually is, based on this visit 1 star would be all it would get. Major disappointment.
I've been to Hash House three times (once for breakfast, twice for lunch). The food is BIG, and tasty...but the service is very uneven, with slow check-backs from the server, and long delays in delivery of food. If you don't mind less-than-attentive service, a trip to Hash House is definitely worth it. Personally, I like it for breakfast more than lunch...
The Good: easy parking, good food, good service. The Bad: location is so-so. The Ugly: hmmm, I would have said the decor, except that its so bad it sort of comes full circle back to cool, or something...
The food is decent and the service is okay. What you are paying for is presentation and huge portions. This is a good place to take out-of-towers just to hear them say "Wow, that looks good!" The food just doesn't measure up to the high expectations that you'll have after seeing the food. Oh, and you'll have to wait forever to be seated.
We had a table of 8. It bothers me when servers KNOW that they will be automatically tipped with a table more than, so they are non existent. This is what happened here..  I got the famous sage chicken and waffles, and it was HUGE. I shared with my brother. ALL OF THEIR PORTIONS ARE HUGE AND SHOULD BE SHARED. .  We had to talk to the manager to get our server over  to us. . The place was clean, food was good, but service was horrible.
Portions are huge, but that doesn't makeup for the food quality.  It's hit or miss.  I feel like the "wow" comes from the portion size and presentation, and taste is last on their things to do right.
3-1/2 stars.. . In this episode of me vs. food, food has triumphed. I got my ass kicked by a chocolate chip pancake. The pancake sitting on the plate looked deceivingly flat. It was at least a half an inch thick by 12 inches. I thought it would be no problem for me to kill this thing, since the last time, I was here, I completely finished an Original Farm Benedict, and still had room for dessert. Must be getting old - I took half of it home and had it for breakfast the next morning. Spiked Watermelon Kiwi Juice was refreshing - ordered it with an extra shot of vodka. This meal was definitely carb overload. My desire for pancakes has been satiated for the year - hopefully.
My family drove me here after a sleepless night right after EDC.  We got chicken and waffles, crispy pork tenderloin,  and a sage fried chicken benedict. I was not mentally there to remember all the details or take pictures of food that day but I've had other trips to this place before and after EDC.. . The food portions are for giants or about 3 people.  It's supposed to be hangover food but I remember feeling sicker after I ate and took 2/3 of my plate to-go. The food is marginal but thanks to Man vs Food, this place is popular especially with tourists. It's supposed to be food inspired by the MidWest. I'm from the MidWest and we've had better stuff to eat there. The chicken and the tenderloin were so fried, you can hurt your mouth while eating.. . I'd like to write descriptions of each dish but thinking about it make me feel woozy. However, they do have a good watermelon drink with alcohol.
Food was great! There specialty is to die for. But I do wish the service was friendlier.
I have been here once and wasn't as impressed by the food. I ordered the sage chicken pasta and it was nothing special. Presentation was amazing, but I went to eat, not look lol. Not to mention I'm from the south so maybe I'm spoiled with the good southern cooking that I'm used to!
I went a few months back for the first time after years of hearing the hype. I had my mind set up before I went that I was going to try the bacon bloody mary and the eggs benedict. While the bloody mary was on point, the eggs benedict was a miss for me. For starters, it is a massive amount of food, which is ok, but since I truly missed that traditional hollandaise sauce taste, I left a lot un eaten. Also had a giant sprig of rosemary on the dish that I didn't care to have on there. Service was good, but won't be running back any time soon.
service was good but i was a bit disappointed in my food. The amount of food you get is awesome but i was disappointed in the fact that my potatoes came out cold and my vegetables were way overcooked. Ribs were good though. I hope the next time i come back the food is much better.  I liked the tilted glass i got and the bloody mary that came with it.
Tasty and huge portions.
Interesting menu choices. Yet, some dishes are bland. Love the crab cakes and tiger prawns. Huge portions. Service has often times been subpar.
The portions here are huge. The flapjacks are bigger than everyone's head. I got the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit which was pretty good. The only reason I knocked off a star is because many of the menu items can be a bit pricey. Most of the plates range from $13-$17 each dish. I also like how many of the breakfast platters are served in the actual skillet that they used to cook the food in. It was a fun experience, but I do not think I will be coming back here for awhile.
huge portions.  interesting drinks.  decent service.
Very good food, but a bit pricey. Worth a visit though. Definitely try the Chicken and Waffles that they are famous for. I am a big fan of the waffles particularly as they cook bacon right into them. Great place to go for special occasions.
I enjoyed their bacon Bloody Mary!  The portions here are outrageous! I recommend doing any of the hashes!
Alas, I want to like this place more. I mean they have everything going for them.  1) a reputation for having crazy large portions, great breakfast, and creative menu items and 2) great locations.. . Unfortunately my recent experience did not live up to the hype.  The meatloaf was very dry and difficult to eat. The fried chicken salad was very good but again, the chicken was dry.  Service was not great and I had to send the waiter back 3 times just to get small bills for the tip.  The waiters seemed overwhelmed even though the place was only 1/2 full (ever the optimist).. . Their deserts are huge and decadent.  We refrained however.  So much potential, only partially realized.
The food wasn't great but the service was alright. Maybe I came at the wrong time to eat or chose the wrong food. Either way I won't be coming back. The price doesn't make up for the lack of food quality.
The first time we tried this location we had only been to the San Diego location and really enjoyed the food & service there...unfortunately I can't say the same about this location. The service was slow and the food was even slower. The food was nowhere near the quality of the food I have grown to expect from Hash House so I will stick to the San Diego location.
The food is more for looks. It's great for taking pictures and adding to Facebook, but the food lacks sooooo much flavor.
I wanted to take my friend from overseas.  This is interesting place to introduce.  Portion?  Oh yes it was too big to enjoy it but it is fun to take a picture.  :)
The infamous Hash House A Go Go is totally overrated. There are so many better breakfast places in Vegas that actually allow you to customize your meals. Though my Vegas homie insisted on covering the tab, I felt that if a paying customer wants to customize their meal then why should that be an issue. Anyways, I got one of their uncustomizable scrambles which was just ok. I did like their epic hot chocolate. Pretty mediocre and again definitely overrated. I wouldn't come back because there are waaayyy better breakfast spots in Vegas.
This place has understandably gotten a lot more "touristy" after the various television appearances. What is nice is that you get HUMONGOUS. If you're working your way through a hangover and you're hangovers aren't made tremendously worse by crowds of people, this is what you need. I'm a fan of their hashes and their burgers are gigantic. Every time I go, I always think I'm just going to share with someone, but I want to try too many things. Food is really rich and I even try to order things with tons of veggies to make it a little healthier, but avoid this place if you're dieting. My qualms with this place (besides the touristy feel now) is that the service is really hit or miss. This seems to be a brand-wide issue because service is the same here and at their location in the M Resort. Hostesses all have attitudes, servers sometimes are completely attentive and sometimes they will drop by the table twice, to take your order and to drop off your bill. There isn't much they can do about being busy, or having an influx of visitors at this location, but they can certainly hold their staff to a high standard.
I was pretty disappointed by this place.. . All the rave reviews, all the media coverage, it just didn't live up to the hype for me.. . The portions are HUGE, but it is also on the pricey side.  The presentation is great, but those alone didn't do it for me and actually worked against it. . . The huge portions are overwhelming and you really don't want to eat more.  I had the fried chicken benedict.  It was ok, but nothing to write home about.  The chicken was good, but the rest (aside from the bacon), really didn't work well for me.  I didn't like the chipotle cream sauce they used either, country gravy would have been awesome.. . In sum, it's good to try, but I really wouldn't go back.
Portions are ginormous but quality is so-so. I got the chicken and waffles; fried chicken was a bit bland and waffles were soft. Although, the best part of the meal was the bacon infused waffle--You can never go wrong with bacon!
I think almost all of my friends have posted photos from Hash House a Go Go through the years. Since I like to take the red eye from Honolulu, I am often on the hunt for a nice breakfast when I land in Vegas. My usual stop is Bouchon, but I thought I would try something different on my most recent trip.. . I'm an Eggs Benedict kind of gal, but when I go to a restaurant, I like to try what they're known for, so I opted for the Sage Fried Chicken on the Bacon Waffles. My mom ordered a Crab Cake Benedict, which was a special, so I figured I could steal some bites from her plate.. . The presentation of the chicken and waffles is impressive. However, it looks a lot better than it tastes. The chicken was quite bland. And although I tend to like my pancakes and waffles on the dry side,  the syrup container seemed really tiny to me. I considered asking for more, but I felt a little ashamed. :p The idea of bacon in waffles is a good one, but the execution was lacking. I think maybe the waffles were not crispy enough.. . My mom's dish was a lot better, and I sort of kicked myself for straying from my usual. The portion sizes for both dishes were gigantic, so if you have a big appetite, this is a great place for you. Service was friendly and efficient. Overall, I'm glad I went once to cross it off my list, but I am not eager to go again.
I love Hash House A Go Go - but prefer the non-casino variants.  The one in San Diego is amazing as is the one off Sahara in Las Vegas.  I have gone to most of them, and do like the food.  There's something about a free standing Hash House Building, however, that really themes the experience.
After all the great reviews I thought this place would be wonderful, but sadly I wasn't impressed.  I will try it again since I caught an eye full of the chicken and waffles, but the scramble was just average.  The Biscuits were yummy and the coffer was really good... and the service was really rather good.  But I'm convinced I ordered the wrong thing.  I will let you know how my second visits is this week and will report back asap!
This place was pretty good but seriously not mind blowing. I may have felt differently if I had ordered something else but I kept it simple because I needed a breakfast feast after 2 nights in Vegas. I ordered a snickers pancake which was so damn huge I could only manage to finish half of it. I also have some eggs and potatoes which were good but not at all spectacular. The pancakes was really sweet but that's what I would expect when you add snickers candy to pancake batter. The service was also a bit weird but I am used to that in a city like Vegas. Unless you're shelling out $200/person, service in Vegas is always hit or miss. If I ever go back I will certainly try the chicken and waffles!
A lot of food and not the best that I have had. I would rate this place average and nothing special. Good for people who like a lot to eat and are not very particular what they eat.
I would give this place 3 1/2 stars if I could. The food is pretty good and it is an experience to eat there, because the menu has some imaginative items. My last meal there was their corned beef and it was served with caramelized onions that were cooler than room temperature. It is a little thing, but it made the sandwich less appetizing. They have great coffee and breakfasts. They could just work a little on their execution.
My wife & I stopped by for a drink after eating at the other Hash House. We accidentally went to the wrong place. The other place was good too, but we really want to try this place's food. . . It was extremely busy here. People were waiting outside to get seated. Once we went inside, we noticed what the hype was all about.  All the food portions are huge.  Everything looked really good. Too bad we couldn't try the food since we were full. . . We ended up going to the bar to grab a drink which took for ever. The waitress was really busy trying to keep up with all the orders. She at least acknowledge that we were waiting to be helped. We decided to have a Hash House Bloody Mary. They have a good selection of drinks. The Bloody Mary tasted really good. It was a bit spicy for my taste but I enjoyed. . . I look forward to stopping by for lunch next time I am in town. The food all looked good!!! Hopefully, it taste good too!!!
