We came here on a Wednesday and made a reservation for 5. Love that they take reservations! However, upon being greeted by the hostess, she was not the nicest.  She needed an attitude adjustment. She was definitely not friendly and kinda brainless and was really caty with her coworkers.. . Upon being seated everyone was really friendly and nice. Our waitress was great and super friendly.  She made up for her not so awesome hostess coworker.  . . The decor was really strange here.  It is bit small for what looks to be a bigger space, at least on the inside.  It's nice and pink in here for the ladies and a nice looking bar area for the men.  They have a nice outdoor seating area, but too cold during December.  It would probably be really nice in the april-june months when it is not so unbearably hot.  . . This is a good place to get desserts with you girlfriends that's if you are having a weekend in Vegas.. . I had the Summer Bries. It is an open face sandwich.  Presentation is a definite plus with the cone wise fries. The Brie was not melted enough. There was a whole lot of turkey. Good cranberry cheese spread. Overall fair. Sweet potato fries good.  . . My boyfriend got The Full Monty and the ciabatta bread was so good!. The Hangover omelet was so big and looks very filling.. The Frozen Hot Chocolate was fair.  It tasted like hot chocolate but in frozen form like a cold chocolate latte. Not my personal favorite.. . Tips to this eatery: Pick a better hostess. She is the first person consumers will meet.
I don't get the hype over the frozen hot chocolate. It was good, but wouldn't it be better to have a chocolate milkshake or actual hot chocolate? All the other dishes ordered in the 2 consecutive days that we went (mac 'n cheese, "one-eyed" jack, footlong hot dog with condiments, sweet potato fries, coleslaw) were pretty solid. The bill does make your eyes pop out a little but the meal leaves you pretty satisfied.. . True story: Made my own frozen hot chocolate by melting Ghirardelli chocolate in milk and put it in the freezer. Tastes a lot better and smoother and I spent less than $5 to make it.. . It's been more than 2 weeks since I've been here and I still wish I got a different dessert. *sips frozen hot chocolate*
Went here for lunch before checking out of Caesar's Palace. My friend said to try the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE and it was out of this world!  It's made from 20 different types of chocolate and comes with whipped cream. IT WAS OUT OF THIS WORLD!  The waitress said that they want people to order it first so that they can enjoy it fully on an empty stomach and it can also be your drink to compliment your meal. You have a choice of a single or cup that serves two. It costs $10 for the single and $14 for the double.  The single cup was huge for one person but soo good I wouldnt recommend sharing! lol. . I had the HANGOVER OMELET which was decent but the upside is that it's the hugest OMELET EVER! It had bacon, fries, cheese and the waitress told me they use a total of 8 eggs for each omelet! TALK ABOUT FATTY! It also came with a choice of steak or sweet potatoe fries.  WAY TOO MUCH CARBS especiallywith fries already in the omelet. The price was a little high for an omelet but you definately get the biggest portion I've ever seen. IT WAS HUGE TWSS!. . My uncle got their hot chocolate mocha cappicino which came in a huge coffee cup. The waitress was really nice, she forgot about it and didnt charge us once we reminded her.. . The downs of this place is that in the winter it's way too cold to eat outside even with their heaters (which are super weak by the way).  If you're there when its cold, wait a few minutes and be seated inside.  Although the patio area over looks las vegas BLVD and had a great ambiance!  The prices are a little too much for the meals they offer and theyre not the best.  I give the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE 5 stars though!. . They also accept the TOTAL REWARDS PLAYER CARD so I was able to get most of my meal comp'd through the players card!. . I will definately come back to try out more desserts in the future and get the Frozen Hot Chocolate again!
You can definitely get your sugar fix at this place! I went to Serendipity 3 with my mom and 2 sisters. We just had dinner and wanted dessert. We ordered the Frozen Hot Chocolate and the Forbidden Broadway Sundae.. .  The Frozen Hot Chocolate was good but not GREAT as so many people . said it to be. My sister loves it. She actually bought the the mix to make it at home. Then there was the Forbidden Broadway Sundae. This sundae was huge! A gigantic mountain of rich chocolate cake topped off with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, and hot fudge! YUM! ..the 4 of us couldn't take down the sundae. There's too much and it's soooo sweet! I think I downed 2 big glasses of water after eating this. . . Overall I think this place is alright, just overpriced. The frozen hot chocolate was $11 and the sundae was $14...yikes!.. But Serendipity 3 is cute and fun to share dessert with your loved ones :)
Not sure if this place really lives up to all the hype.  There was about an hour and a half wait on a Sunday afternoon.  Once we got in, the waiter was super attentive and helpful.  We got the frozen hot chocolate, some coffees, and onion rings.. . The frozen hot chocolate was pretty, but nothing really out of this world.  Just like a frozen hot chocolate, literally.  A little steep at $14 (for a "large," $11 for a "single").  My mochaccino was quite yummy.  My brother's Tiffany espresso was tiny, with sprinkles.  Interesting and cute, but an extra $1 for a few sprinkles?  I dunno...  The onion rings came in this impressive stack, about 8 total.  Nice and thick.  The salty was welcome after so much sweet.. . The waiter also suggested the nachos, sliders, and hot dogs.  We didn't get them, but we did see neighboring tables with them.  Had we not had dinner plans in a few hours, we might have tried them too.. . All in all, an OK experience.  Not sure if it's worth all the hype, price, and wait, but perhaps worth at least one visit if you've never been, just cuz the ambiance is pretty cute.  Perhaps a stop by the "To Go" window outside in the future...
This place is definitely 5 stars when it comes to taste, but the prices make it a 3. I agree, it's over priced but yet sooooooooooooo yummy! You should definitely treat yourself to Serendipty's if you've been good. Peanut Sin City Frrrrozen hot mocha is delicious!! I'm still craving it, yet i'm so far away now. I also had the Mac & Cheese. How the hell can they make a mac & cheese sooooooo good? This is definitely a place to experience...just dont think about the price & have a good time! Cheers!
I got a HUGE pot of their mac and cheese- it was extra cheesey and pretty filling.  They don't use gourmet cheese but a basic yellow, American cheese baked gooey with a crispy topping.  My friends got their tortilla salad (pretty big, very basic) and their grilled cheese with tomato soup.  The grilled cheese was extra thick with a yellow cheese, and the tomato soup tasted like Campbell's.. . We came here to eat dinner, but most everyone there was there for dessert- I'm sure their dessert was better than their food!
Their stuff is pretty creative and filling. We had a party of 17 and the service was on point. They even threw in a free frozen hot chocolate for the birthday girl, but let me tell you..not worth it! Me and my friend shared a white chocolate one and it really wasn't anything special, the fried oreos on the other hand looked scrumptious! I definitely want to give that a try next time! Everything was made for sharing and I suppose the prices aren't all too bad, but it is definitely a bit pricey! It's really worth a visit!
I was in town with my wife and a number of friends for CES this year when someone requested to visit Serendipity 3 for dessert.  She had seen it featured on either the Travel channel or Food Network or something.  She mentioned they have a $1000+ sundae with gold flakes and all kinds of ridiculous stuff, but she really wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate.  So after lunch at Enoteca, we headed down the strip and went to give this place a shot.. . We grabbed a table outside and went to order our treats from the outside window.  I observed that the prices were pretty high for the various offerings available, so a couple friends and I opted to share the large frozen hot chocolate ($10+).  Another couple of friends got one too, and a giant doughnut.. . We got our giant cup of fro-ho-cho and dug in.  Effectively, it's like a milk shake with a slightly grainier texture.  Very sweet and good, but nothing super amazing.  The doughnut looked really good and astonishingly massive, but it was still an average doughnut.. . Unfortunately, that's all we really got from Serendipity 3, but here's the limited assessment I can make.... . Summary: Lots of treats.  Kind of expensive but large portions/sizes.  Frozen Hot Chocolate (fro-ho-cho, anyone?) is like a milkshake with a little bit of a grainy texture.  Good and sweet but not amazing.  Doughnuts are massive.  No parking other than Caesar's valet to get here, so I recommend walking to it if you are nearby.  Overall, good but need to try more to get a really good perspective.
Consider me starstruck when I saw they had the famous Serendipity of New York City fame in Las Vegas, and right across from my hotel no less. But in the end, I was left disappointed. It's a tad overrated. The decor is very adorable, like a retro ice cream parlor (which the world needs more of!) which is why it appealed to me so much. Thinking back, I'm not sure I would've paid $12 for that bowl of overly sweet, frrrrroze hot chocolate in 50 degree rainy weather. It seemed like such a good idea at the time....My friend and I also shared the mac & cheese which looked and smelled amazing, but the cheese was too overwhelming and neither of us could finish it. Which is very disappointing as we both LOVE mac & cheese, so it's saying a lot when we couldn't finish. The only thing about the night that had a unanimous raving review is the SWEET POTATO FRIES! If you don't end up getting their famous frozen hot chocolate, at least go for the fries.
Portions are HUGE.. . JF, RC and I were lured here by the siren call of the Frozen Hot Chocolate. Since it was my and JF's first time @ Serendipity's, we were required to order the original, though the PB one caught my eye (I hear that the Oreo one tastes nasty and nothing like Oreo). It was good, but nothing special. Like other yelpers have noted, it tastes like something I could whip up at home.. . SERVICE: Although we had to wait 15min for our table (despite the entire resto being quite empty), our waitress was super sweet and came to check in on us often.. . AMBIANCE: We were seated in the far back corner overlooking the strip. It was nice and quiet, and we were right under a heat lamp.. . FOOD: Between the three of us we shared:. - Thai Beef Salad: quite large (which made up for the $16.50 price tag),very flavorful. Lots of random inedible add-ins though (uncooked vermicelli noodles, half a coconut in shell, etc). . - Side of Steak Fries: not your typical steak fries, these had an additional bread crumb (??) coating on the outside that made them extra crispy. Yum.. - Can't Say No Sundae: OMG. This thing was monstrous. I wish I had taken some lactase pills or something because the amount of dairy I consumed that night was no bueno for my tummy. Man. This sundae was the size of my head. It includes a slice of whoopee pie (PB, but not that peanut buttery), coffee and vanilla ice cream, two bananas, and is topped off with a mountain of whipped cream and a cherry. Good lord. . . OVERALL: a fun place to try... once. If I ever come back, I will definitely be sharing anything I order... and probably no FHC.
Their frozen hot chocolate is a bit over-rated. But the food was ok...and the portions are huge...service was great!
It was so disappointing to see that the Serendipity 3 in Vegas looks nothing like the Serendipity 3 in NYC. The decor has been Vegas-ified; it's the cheap knock off version of the real thing. . . We came in right before closing & the wait was only about 10-15 minutes. Our waiter wasn't completely unfriendly but it was obviously the end if a very long, busy shift. . . Our order was small & simple but still completely gluttonous:. --  nachos: a humongous portion of chips (yellow corn & red-colored ones) covered with cheese, beans, tomatoes, onions & chicken. Tasty comfort food, but I can't say I'd ever get it again. We ordered it b/c you have to eat *something* before you can have dessert. . -- banana split: even shared amongst three people, this was a sickeningly gigantic portion of vanilla, strawberry & chocolate ice cream topped with traditional toppings & 2 bananas. If you don't control yourself, this dessert has the potential to give you a serious tummy ache. . . Been there, ate that. I only needed to experience Sependipity 3 in Vegas once. The food is average, which can be said for the NYC location as well, but at least they've got the ambiance & quirky atmosphere to justify the visit.
The only word that comes to my mind when I think of this place now is HYPE. I got the frozen hot chocolate and it was basically a $10 chocolate shake with the small chocolate-shaving-chips inside. Worth it? No. I'd rather put that money towards some food or a Glen Livet with one ice cube. I would, however, give this place another chance for the food and maybe different flavored drink. But for the frozen hot chocolate? No.
I feel like everything moves slower in Vegas during the day.... Maybe that's because I was mildly hungover, or maybe that's because the service here was moving at an extra leisurely pace.  Our party of 5 lunch spent over 2 hours here.. . Aside from substandard service, the food was great!!  I had the Hangover Omelette and sweet potato fries.  Both were delicious, but I could only finish half of the omelette.  Also, don't forget to try the famous frozen hot chocolate!! It's AMAZING and also comes in a variety of other flavors now (peanut butter, oreo, strawberry, double chocolate, etc.)
I don't mean to burst anyone's bubble but I think this place is highly overrated... but their food looks really pretty? haha. In all seriousness, their presentation really does work wonders on the eyes. I had an eyegasm looking at my food as well as my friends dishes. Now let's get down to the nitty gritty of my dish: The foot-long strip steak sandwich. Both my friend and I ordered the same thing and let me tell you, they SO overcooked the steak. I asked for medium and my friend, medium rare. They both looked well done. Pretty much, everyone who ordered meat on the table had an overcooked dish. The solution?..order your meat raw. Overall, my friends and I were pretty underwhelmed with our dishes.. . I will, however, applaud them for their sweet potato fries; they were freaking delicious! I also had their acclaimed "Frrrozen Hot Chocolate," but found it to be mediocre. It was just too damn sweet. . . Our waitress was hella chill and was always checking up on us. . . 3-star breakdown:. . wonderful presentation. .wonderful service. .sweet potato fries. . Would I come back here? Probably not.
We had one of their gigantic sundaes and it was tasty!
Not terrible, but not great either.  Although the decor is cute, this place is not very impressive.  I have ended up here a couple times by default.  . First off, they have a brunch menu which is served until 2pm, which means you can't order off the regular menu until that time.  This is a bit of an annoyance because the selection is limited and due to dietary restrictions it's a bit difficult.  We did ask if we could order off the other menu and they said no!. . The food selection isn't insanely creative, it's mostly fries, burgers, salads, pancakes that sort of thing.  The decor is what make serendipity fun to eat at, not the food itself.  . . Wouldn't say not to go, but with all the places in vegas to eat, you can find something better easily.
If it wasn't for the rude B!TCH hostess and weird waiter, I would have given this 4 stars. I've never, in my whole life of eating, experienced such a bitchy ass hostess. And the waiter overcharged my friends credit card by $20 or $40, i don't remember which one. But lets get to the food... . DELICIOUS!!!! I shared the kobe sliders and chicken strip appetizers. The sliders were so perfect looking I didn't even want to eat them! It looked like fake burgers. They were so juicy and cooked to perfection.. The chicken tenders were great also! It comes with different dipping sauces and is breaded very nicely. . . After we all shared a sundae.. 5 girls couldn't even finish a small, but it was SOOO GOOD. I had a food baby when we hit the club afterwards, but it was well worth it!
I was really excited to try this place for the first time...and I wasn't completely blown away. . . We ordered outside at the window and found tables and chairs on the patio. We ordered just about every flavor of the frozen hot chocolates. The ones I liked the best were the regular, white chocolate, and peanut butter. They tasted great, but I'm not sure that they're worth $10 each...but then again I didn't have to pay, so it wasn't a complete loss. They came in plastic cups with two straws...I saw pictures of the frozen hot chocolate in glassware and that was what I was expecting. I guess you have to order inside for that? Ordering outside is pretty convenient; we sat around to chat and then grabbed them to drink as we walked around Caesar's Palace. I might come back next time I'm in Vegas to try the food...
Serendipity is one of the most romantic movie of all time. I thought this would be a perfect place to take my Fiance for her b-day. Yes, I do have to admit that I am a hopeless romantic. The restaurant reminds me of diner back in the 50's. The lively crowd, the colorful decor and Jammin' Music created an Amazing atmosphere that made our experience here Super Duper Fun! We were seated on the patio and it made it just more romantic. We started off with the Kobe Sliders with a side of sweet potatoes fries and to top it off with the Frozen Hot Chocolate. The Sliders were not memorable and just plain average. The sweet potatoes fries was crispy and tasted sweet as potato pie. I would have to say this was the best part of the meal. Now on to the finale, the infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate. It came out melted and it reminded me of frozen chocolate shake. I was not impressed with the price ($14) or the taste! I think McDonald's chocolate shake will give Serendipity a run for their money. LOL j/k I think that is going a little overboard. To top it off the waiter was no where to be found. I guess you can say you are just paying for the ambiance and the experience of being here. Don't believe all the HYPE!
Went here tonight with my boyfriend for valentine's day. The food was pretty good, but the service was pretty awful. We started off with the spudkins (potato skins) for an appetizer, which were really good and a big portion. My boyfriend got the steak sandwich, which he thought was okay/good. I ordered the high heel pump sandwich (prosciutto, mozzarella, arugula, tomatoes, etc). It had great flavor, but was piled with so many tomatoes, I had to take the majority of them out just so I could taste something other than tomatoes. Both sandwiches were huge and came with fries, which I thought was good for the price. We also ordered the frozen hot chocolate for dessert since so many people seem to love it and recommend it. I love all types of sweets but my boyfriend and I both agreed the frozen hot chocolate was definitely nothing special. While we enjoyed most of the food, we were sooo disappointed by the service. About two minutes into receiving our appetizer, the waiter brought out our sandwiches (this is something that realllly annoys me). Then, we went through the entire meal without our waiter checking on us once, which meant no drink refills when we needed it. After about a half hour, our waiter finally came over to refill our drinks which we then waited about another 15 minutes for him to do so. We also noticed that his other tables were not being waited on as well..(Not to mention, the place was not busy by any means) Once our dessert came, our waiter asked us how we liked the frozen hot chocolate... twice... within a couple minutes of each other. We both came to the conclusion that he seemed to be a little drunk!  Overall, the food has good flavor and comes in very generous portions for the price you're paying. However, the service is definitely not the best.
We went here twice on our vacation. First time I got the Steak Sandwich. This thing was monstrous, it was 3 small steaks, 3 sunnyside eggs, covered in cheese and sauce, inbetween 2 pieces of sub bread. . For $20 it was a great portion size, and tasted pretty good but not great.. . Second time I got a The Full Montey, a grilled chicken sandwhich with bacon and vegis. The chicken was way overcooked, and not enough sauce. So it was very dry. . . The desserts were pretty good but not amazing.. . Conclusion: Great place to have something quick and cheap on a patio right on the strip, but don't expect an amazing meal.
After watching that movie setendipity (starring john cusack & kate beckinsale), we decided 2 try this place out. The wait wuz 2 long 2 eat inside, so we ordered outside which wuz so much quicker. Cute place, the frozen hot chocolate wuz delish!!! We also ordered the foot long hot dog which wuz good. Mini sliders not worth the price. 3 lil hamburgers smaller than the usual sliders. Serendipity is a place u need 2 go once & thats it...
This place is really cool for the atmosphere because it's fun, friendly and the IN-place to be.. . We were told the wait was about 45 minutes to an hour, but were seated after about 30 minutes.  It's really a lot like Johnny Rockets.  I really didn't know what to order so I asked the waitress who recommended the frozen hot chocolate. It was good, not spectacular, but good.  It kinda sucked that it cost about $10 though, especially since I didn't finish it.  I also ordered the tomato soup and sweet potato fries, which I completely finished. My husband ordered a burger with regular fries and he finished his meal too.. . It wasn't the best place we've been to, but it was good.
Lured here by the promise of amazing Frozen Hot Chocolate I was determined to try Serendipity.  . . I originally wanted to eat outside on the patio and order at the take-out window, but the windows were closed for some reason...why?  The wait to be seated was 45 minutes when I arrived, so I asked if there was to-go inside and I was directed to the bar.  Since there was an available seat at the bar, I decided to stay and eat there.  . . Unfortunately the line of to-go orders was right next to my seat and it's hard to enjoy your meal when loads of hungry and cranky hot chocolate seekers are hovering over your food.  (HINT: this could have been solved by opening the take-out window.) . . FOOD: . . Root Beer Float: $14 I ordered a mixed drink called Root Beer Float which came out looking like a milk shake, but was filled with alcoholic yummyness that warmed me up inside. Mmmmm! :). . Cheeseburger with Sweet Potato Fries: $14 The burger was OK, nothing special.  The fries were good, but not great. . . Frrrozen Hot Chocolate: $10 Their signature drink was good, but not as good as I imagined.  I actually liked the mixed drink better. I do think I might like to try sharing the $15 (for two) size. . . SERVICE: . Service was great, the bartender was nice and attentive. . . OVERALL: . I think Serendipity should stick to the desserts and make them easier to get at.  Maybe open a bigger bar outside or just do desserts inside the restaurant.
I first caught wind of Serendipity years ago when I watched a movie titled, Serendipity. Although it's set in New York, I found out there was a location in Las Vegas as well and made it a priority to visit it.. . 1 Star - For being adorable!. 1 Star - For their menu selection and massive portions. 1 Star - For it being delicious, of course!. . -1 Star - It's small and crowded (our wait time was about 45 minutes). -1 Star - They don't have their own restroom so you have to go past the cafe and down some stairs to a concrete underground bathroom area. I was honestly afraid that I was going to be raped and/or murdered down here, and literally ran in and out. Hysterical looking back at it, but at the time...pretty terrifying!! haha
I was really excited to come here for a long time, and finally conned my friends into joining me. Score! Actually, it wasn't that hard to do, all I had to do was mention frozen hot chocolate.. . It was January 1st and we needed a hangover cure. We were told that the wait was 45 minutes, but since it was freezing and we noticed everyone's great-looking food, we stayed. Other than the hostesses barking at people to get out of the doorway (there was a huge crowd, no waiting area, and nowhere for people to really stand), the wait didn't take long at all, and we were seated after about 20 minutes. . . The cute decor made you feel like you were in a pretty, trendy NYC cafe. I've never visited the NYC location, but Las Vegas' all-out glamorous decor seemed like a good answer to it. Feeling particularly like lard asses, we ordered the mac and cheese, chili cheese dog, and one of the sandwiches with turkey, brie, and apple slices. And 2 frozen hot chocolates to share, of course. Our waiter was cool, upbeat, and even switched tables for us when he heard us joking that it wasn't level. . . I've met very few mac and cheeses I didn't like, but this one was off the charts. It came in a deep dish with a rich sauce and prosciutto chunks. So perfect for a cold, hungover day. My friend's chili cheese dog was ridiculously long and she only got about halfway through, and our other friends' open-faced sandwich was great as well. The hot chocolate was decadently delicious, but not $10 so.. . I liked this place for the huge menu of both healthy and comfort food, the cocktail list, great waitstaff and cute decor. I disliked the hostesses who thought they were the ish for working at such a "cool" place, the expensive prices, and the way that the bathrooms were outside the restaurant. Our food was great, but the prices still seemed overinflated and as if we were paying for the image and novelty. Glad I got to try it, though!
Frozen hot chocolate is what everyone orders, so I guess I must too! We waited for a little bit because we wanted an outside table, but after being seated, the place was half full (why were we asked to wait then? I don't know). We also ordered the sweet potato fries - they were good (nothing spectacular though).. . This place definitely satisfied our sugar cravings, but talk about some pricey dessert. I guess it's Vegas.. . p.s. I love their HUGE MENUS. haha
Because I loved the movie... I had to check out this place or at least say I've been to the Las Vegas location... It was after breakfast and not really lunch time yet so I decided to get a snack at the window line outside the restaurant.  There was a 45 minute wait for the restaurant dining so I didn't want to wait that long... but I did end up waiting over 30 minutes anyways outside. 30 minutes for a signature frozen hot chocolate that was $10 + tax!  Expensive!  It was good  and filling but not all that great. Yes, they should invest in more employees working at the "express" window because it took soooo long.  Thank goodness it was Feb and not burning hot outside.  I don't know if I will return to this location for actual dining...
The frozen hot chocolate did not live up to it's hype! We got one with alcohol in it and you couldn't even taste the alcohol, not very much in it! I reminds me of a frappaccino. The chorizo quiche was dry, but the salad it came with was a good compliment. I guess this place is just one of those placed you have to visit because of its hype. It was OK, not great.
I've wanted to try this place for a long time now, every time I go to Vegas I see it and the building draws me towards it. Finally got to try it during my last trip out there. . The wait was ridiculous for inside seating (2 hours +) so we decided to grab some food inside of the Ceasar's food court then later go back to their outside window to order some frozen hot chocolates. . The line was pretty long still for the outside and we figured out why when we got up to the window FINALLY.. the guy who was working was all by himself struggling to juggle everything all at once, poor guy.. We had 7 girls so we shared two large frozen hot chocolates which are made for two people but it was just enough, just get extra straws if you're going to do so. It was really good but truthfully tasted like a typical chocolate milkshake but more chocolate flavorings which was good, I also actually liked the grittiness from the mixture.. It was good to try but not worth the $8.00
When I first tried this place I was amazed how good the frozen hot chocolate was and came back again when I visited Vegas.  Now, the line to get frozen hot chocolate has gotten quite long and they raised their prices by a couple dollars because of the hype it has been getting..... . Reason why I gave this place a 3 star is because I have found a much more better place that serves frozen hot chocolate and actually knows the craft and science behind making the best chocolate anything is Max Brenner and they are cheaper too!  If Max Brenner didn't exist then I would have given this place a 5 star.  Sorry Serendipity, you will have to be my plan B for frozen hot chocolate fixes!
We got off the plane, dropped off our bags and headed straight for here.... . There was seven of us and needed food fast... We waited about 20 minutes for them to get a table together for us; just enough time to take pictures and peruse their menu outside. My friends had been raving about the Frozen Hot Chocolate, so we ordered three to share. I think because everyone wanted me love it so bad, I didn't. It was okay. It was a milkshake minus the milk and the ice cream... I wanted creamy and got icy. Meh, it was okay... but not something I would order again.. . We shared the onion rings between three of us. They were crunchy and thick. They came with ranch sauce, but I prefer to dip them in ketchup. I love the tangy tomato with the crunchy batter. They were dusted with parmesan, but I wasn't crazy about it.. . I ordered a Rueben. I had to... I love them. I need them... It was okay. The meat to bread ratio was low. I love it when the meat is piled high with lots of sauerkraut. It was a passable sandwich. It came with a side of fries in a bucket. . . This place is so pretty. So much pink! There are outside seats, but we sat inside because it was windy. There are souvenirs to buy and if you feel so inclined, they have the frozen hot chocolate mix so you can make it at home yourself.
1 star - just because I love the NYC location and the frozen hot chocolate is no other. . 1 star - because our waiter was very helpful. . 1 start - the food was tasty. . I should really give minus 10 stars for our moody, rude hostess..  Ok look, my coworker isn't that concious of customer service and yes he gave you the glare down - but you were taking FOREVER to seat us.  She said that we were "next" and then seated 4 other couples before us. Not to mention that the table we ended up sitting at was empty for no joke 15 minutes before we were sat there.  She obviously was doing it on purpose and the owners should fire her.  . . It's your job to put on a smile and give the customers great service and she failed.  As for the food, my coworker got a foot long chili hot dog and liked it.  I got the spaghetti and meatballs and the meatballs are made with veal, pork and beef and are huge.  Very tasty.  Thank you to our waiter for his great service.
I never realized they were more than just a dessert/soda shop! ive only heard of their frozen hot chocolate and I have one of their dessert cookbooks. I got the double frozen hot chocolate and i thought it was awesome! ok, now back to reality and putting into perspective, it was $11 for the single sized drink. I say that pretty damn ridiculous. Would i get it again? DEFINITELY! It was chocolatey, tasty, icy, creamy, all in the same sip. I did not get that usual watered down ice slush like i typically get with ice blended drinks. I dont know what they do but they get an A in my book! Now....I have no idea how it compares to the locations in new york and wherever else(if others even exist). . . They have a full blown menu with burgers, hot dogs, sandwiches, etc. I have no clue if any of that stuff is supposed to be any good.. . Final tip, as long as its not freezing cold outside, I recommend ordering from the take out window down the building from the door. It'll get you in and out of there alot quicker without having to wait 45minutes or even longer ive heard.
Lets start with the "ambiance". I would imagine dining on the outdoor patio as the weather continues to improve would make your dining experience here at Serendipity much more enjoyable. Alas, my dining experience(s) have been indoors. . . The restaurant is centrally located on the infamous LVBLVD, and by central I mean central for passing tourists, not for those who have made a special trip just to dine at this fine establishment. You must park at Cesar's Palace, pack a canteen, and hike to your dining destination. WEAR COMFY SHOES! . . Once you arrive (and find the front door, or side door, or??) you are dumped into the middle of the "dining commons" as I like to think of it. It reminds me of a lunch room cafeteria minus the buffet style and mean lunch ladies. . . OK, so this place isn't all bad, I promise. The staff has been generally friendly and I'll get to the food in a minute... . . It's been a minute..If you can get past the wacky setup (and the fact you have to walk outside, around the building and through a deserted hallway to use the restroom), you have your pick of enormous eats on this joint's menu! . . THE NACHOS ARE OUTSTANDING! I did venture away from my nacho comfort zone and ordered the BBQ Chicken pizza but...stick to CPK for that little diddy. The pizza was ALL crust, little cheese & toppings..nuff said. . . Desert. If you are looking to live on the edge and you want to partake in a desert for dinner evening, this would be your place! DELICIOUS, FATTENING, and FANTASTIC!!! . . So, I give this place 3 stars mainly for their bangin nachos, and decent staff, but it loses the last two stars for layout, location, and well, everything except the food, drinks and staff, haha!
if you're a sucker for chick flicks like me, you've probably seen serendipity...you know the movie with kate beckinsale? (that was for all you guys) way over hyped in NYC serendipity in vegas seems WAAY more appropriate right? . . finally made it to serendipity this past vegas trip...and the frozen hot choco is for serious choco lovers. i'm saying SPLIT IT. for the love of god, do not try to consume this beverage by yourself or you will regret it.. . as much as i love the idea of serendipity, the feeling...or ambiance of this place just didn't sit right with me. this vegas remake just feels tacky. forgo the wait to sit inside because its really not all that special, and just grab your drink and enjoy it outside. the only reason to set foot inside is to look at their really cute shirts for sale in their makeshift gift store, that might be worth a peek. . . as for the food...artichoke dip was probably my favorite when compared the other food. sweet potato fries were a mush. oh and the burgers and sandwiches are GINORMOUS so think about how hunger you really are before ordering.
I was in Vegas over the weekend of Spring Break with my family. I was sitting in a cab, when I noticed the sign.  Could this be the famous New York shop outside of New York? The cab driver told me this is the same one. . . Ok, here we go. . 1) cheeseburger with bries, sweet potato fries. 2) eggs benedict. 3) bacon burger with steak fries. 4) chocolate cake ($10, huge, you can feed 4-6 people with this cake). . Food: I am from the West coast where In-N-Out is king.  Surprisingly, this burger can give In-N-Out the runs for its money.  This burger is huge. You can feed two people with this burger.  The price $15 buck for this burger (with lettuce, tomato, red onions) along with fries and a slice of pickle.. . ege benedict: no no. . bacon burger: same as above. . chocolate cake: awesome! you probably can become a diabetic and get a heart attack with this cake. huge proportion, but very tasty. very chocolatty (they are famous for chocolate after all). . Food: 4/5  with large proportion. ( I saw a fat man (politically correct: horizontal over proportion man) who could not finish his plate). . Ambiance: 4/5 cheesy for my taste, but white/pinkish dainty for everybody else. The waiters dress in black uniform. . . Cleanlyness: 5. . Service: 3/5 we wait for 10 minutes for the waiter to come around. we wait another 20-30 min for the food.  Granted, we came at lunch time, but the waiters are busy. the waiting time for a table is 45 min to 1 hour. . . Cost: 3/5 (average $12-20 per dish). . Overall: 3.5/5.  I really like the burgers.  I would give it a four if either cost was better or the waiters are better. . . On the side note, while we were eating, Chef Ramsey Gordon, walks in.  Suddenly all hell broke loose!  All the chefs came out of the kitchen to talk to Ramsey and the waiters just freeze.  The whole place suddenly hush as if the pope was in the building.  This becomes a celebrity sighting and you see some customers jump out of their seats to greet him.  Nobody ask him for autographs, but Ramsey was nice and courteous and went to the patio/verranda to have his lunch with a group of friends.  I bet you his service was much better than my.
This is a hard review to write, I came here just to try the famous "frozen hot chocolate". It was full inside when I arrived, but we were able to get a seat immediately. For those who are interested in coming here for the "frozen hot chocolate" they have two sizes available, the 10 ounce (for one)  for $10 and 16 ounce (for two) for $14, I decided to go with the 16 ounce which was more than enough for me. Our waitress was really nice, and got our order in real quick, and when they brought my drink I couldn't wait to dive in. I started drinking it through the straw and could only taste the frozen chocolate, a tip to those first timers, the hot chocolate is on top so it's best to use a spoon to scoop from the bottom so you can get the combination of both hot and cold. The "frozen hot chocolate" was good, I don't think it exceeded my expectations but was definitely good and I would have it again. . . I browsed through their menu and they also offer many other deserts that look just as delicious, everything from banana splits to a $1000 Opulence Sundae. The food here also looks good, it's your normal American restaurant with burgers, sandwiches and french fries.
One of the main reasons I wanted to try Serendipity was for their cold hot chocolate. I have to say that I was a little disappointed. I thought that it would be tastier than it was, but I felt like it was something that I would be able to make myself. In addition, it was a bit on the pricey side. The food that I ordered the Fully Monty Sandwich (I believe that's what it's called) which was realllyy goood. The proportions were really large as well, so I had enough for two meals. My order also came with the option of sweet potato fries or steak fries. My sweet potato fries were nothing out of the ordinary, but my friend's steak fries were pretty tasty. The inside of the restaurant is very nicely decorated.. . Some of the downsides are that the prices are a bit expensive, especially for the cold hot chocolate. Also, while I was there with my friends the waiter was not very professional, and would say inappropriate to my friends and I while we were eating and ordering.
like everyone sayssss, this place is really overhyped.. . it is a cute place to eat, but the food is overpriced and only ok.. . we all shared the frozen hot chocolate.....which tasted so simple and plain that i think anyone can make? not worth 14 bucks for two. if you have to try it, just get a single and share, cuz its nothing special.. . i had the full monty i remember, that was alright, not too bad, pretty big and i could only finish half. came with sweet potato fries that were kinda bland.. . its close to caesars palace so thats why we went also. maybe i'd take my bf there just for the experience and atmosphere, but won't be a regular.
I had heard a lot about this place from family and friends, so I decided to check it out and try their famous Frozen Hot Chocloate. The place was pretty cute, granted it was very girly. The frozen hot chocolate was delicious, but the service was kind of slow and not really attentive. I didn't try anything else, but the place seems overpricey. Through everything, I think I'd take people here for their first time, but that's about it. Like everyone says, it's a little overhyped.. . Definitely check it out if you're in Vegas; I mean, you have to. I'm sure it's like any 'okay' movie; if you go in expecting too much, it's gonna suck.
Finally made it after all the hype. . . The verdict? It was good. Redonkculously overpriced. But good. . . We dined with 7 of us. Me and hubby shared the footlong chili cheese dog, steak fries, and Mac and cheese. The dog was huge! I feel like it was more like 18' plus 1 1/4 inches in diameter. But at $16, it better be! It was served on a full baguette in lieu of a bun. The chili was a bit sweet and there was shredded cheddar sprinkled on top. I thought more cheese was in order; plus I would have like it melted and not as an afterthought garnish. The steak fries were surprisingly good. The Mac and cheese was delectable. Truffley and cheesy yum. $14. . . Warning: they charge you for sharing but you get an additional side. So, not a bad way to go. Portions are large. . . 6 of us shared one "can't so no sundae." Even with 6 people,  no contest. It was man vs. food and food won! The sundae was incredibly rich and sweet. Legit fudge and whipped cream. . . Food was good.  No dissapointments there. Just be prepared to pay for the brand and location, location, location.
A bit delayed on my reviews but finally getting around to it as I went to Vegas two months ago. BUT I still remember the taste of the Famous Frozen Hot Chocolate so don't think my review wont count because as a food junkie, I keep notes on my iPhone and I remember ^.^. . So like some of my friends reviews would say, it IS a bit hyped up AND pricey for a Chocolate shake. However, I think its not too terrible. To me, a milkshake is thick, rich and creamy. However, this didn't have the texture of a traditional milkshake so its not quite the same. I had the Peanut Butter Frozen Hot Chocolate. I thought it was really good but was it worth the 13 bucks? Maybe its more worth 8 bucks in my opinion.. . I would definitely recommend my friends to check it out but I wouldn't hype it up for them because when something is hyped, we create this huge expectation that it should be fabulous. Overall I give Serendipity 3 a solid 3 stars. We waited a good 45 minutes to be seated and for 3 of my friends to share a small chip appetizer and having a shake to ourselves each, we spent about $22 each including the gratuity and for the wait and price, I didn't think it was quite worth it...but worth it in a sense to try something new and different and "hyped" about, one should check it out.
At least I can say I went!! :). . Not that the experience was horrible. We did have to wait like 45 minutes for a table and about 20 minutes for an order of onion rings but considering this everything was just perfectly sub par.. . With all of the hype surrounding this popular NY/LV eatery my friends and I just haddd to go there. After the 45 minute wait we finally were sat down and the one person who had been there and was dying for their waffle fries asked where it went on the menu. He LAUGHED and said they don't serve them anymore. (liiil rude esp since he just had gotten started as our server).. . Anyhoo we ordered the onion rings. They took a good 20 minutes to come out and uhhh they tasted like onion rings. It's cute how everybody thinks something is so amazing off of a gimmick such as making it into a tower, but try putting them on a plate y'all. They're plain cheese dusted onion rings.. . Entrees: no one was particularly blown away by anything in particular. I did like my chicken pot pie but the flavor was nothing different than one I could have gotten out of the frozen food section. (maybe hit it up with some herbs?) my friend did like and actually finish her summer bries sandwich and the other 2 girls liked their burgers but our last friends veggie burger got a great big ol YUCKO all around. It was house made/some non boca burger version which we appreciated but the gratitude ends there. It tasted like it was made from chopped up al dente garbanzo beans (al dente garbanzos are not looked upon highly in the bean world) and just flat out had no flavor. Even the massive chunk of avocado couldn't save it. She wept.. . After the tears were gone we tried to alleviate her pain with their faaaamous frozen hot chocolate. To our servers dismay we split the single serving between 5 girls. We received the whip cream tower that was the frozen hot chocolate and dug in. It was perfectly boring. Every single person that raved about this dessert needs to go out and have an actual decadent chocolate dessert experience. Only then will you understand how terribly non chocolatey and boring this rip off of a dessert was. It made us reminisce to the rich thick mousse like creaminess that was cravings @ mirage's chocolate pudding. We all wept. . . Overall it was okay but I'd def want to try any and every other restaurant on the strip before I came back.
I avoided this place for a loooong time because it looks gimmicky...and any place that pimps a product THAT hard (they're always going on and on about the "frrrrozen hot chocolate") must be covering up for something.. . So I finally went over and checked it out, and yes, it's totally gimmicky. The lines are long and the prices high. But if you are able to get a table on the Strip-facing patio, it's a great place to people watch! This alone makes it worth all the other crap. You're up high enough from the street that you can harass people without fear of repercussion -- the other comparable Strip-side patio, at Mon Ami Gabi, is a little too within striking distance of the hoi polloi for my taste.. . Foodwise, I had nachos and an alcoholic root beer float. Both were great, though not groundbreaking. I refused to try the frrrozen hot chocolate because, as mentioned, anything that needs to be pimped out THAT hardcore probably sucks!!!. . Summary: worth it for the excellent people watching...just make a reservation or check in at the hostess stand WAY in advance! (While you're waiting, have a drink in the adjoining awesome Spiegelworld Beer Garden, or go meditate at the equally awesome and confusing Brahma Shrine right in front of the restaurant.
After a long night of drinking with a group of friends, we ended up going here. one of my friends recommended it and said it was good. I didn't have much of an appetite that morning so i ended up getting the thai salad i believe it was...! it was still good, but the longgggg wait didn't please us at all.. . gotta try this place again though!
We came for the frozen hot chocolate, of course. The husband and I decided to share one, and luckily we did because the buggah is huge! We had the peanut butter one, it was okay. The MIL and FIL had the regular and mocha one, respectively. I think the regular one was the best, but nothing so spectacular that I wanted to return again. As for the food, it was just average and slightly overpriced. I got a side salad (decent size, with croutons, cucumbers, tomatoes), the husband got the omelet w/prosciutto, red pepper, tomato and mozzarella with sweet potato fries (just okay), the MIL had the chicken pot pie (best entree) and the FIL ordered the thai beef salad (a ridiculously large portion). All in all, a nice place to try, but it isn't a place on the top of my must eat in Vegas list.
Got a sweet tooth?  Come here. . Over-sized sundaes!! I can die happy here.  They are $10+, but totally worth it if you split the sundae among three other fatties like me. . Nothing really special about the place.  Service is quick and friendly.  I think the "frrrozen hot chocolate" is overrated.  Guys, it's just chocolate milk. . They do serve American fare, like sandwiches and the like, but I like coming here for the ice cream.  Mmmm.
Pretty good food, great ice cream but way too expensive, The New York location is so much better. But after all Vegas does not compare to New York.
After reading review after review of Serendipity 3, I was so stoked to head over there when my friends and I were in town. The restaurant itself is adorable, really colorful, girly, pink and just plain cute. . . As far as the service, we got our food in a reasonable amount of time, given that they were really busy. Our server was really nice and cheerful; I appreciate that because the last thing you want is a grumpy server. With the reception though, there were issues with one of the hostesses (err she ticked me off) but I won't go into that because she later apologized.. . I ordered the three cheese grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup. This has got to be one of the cutest presentations I've seen in a while because it had goldfish crackers in the soup. SO ADORABLE! Even with three layers of bread, I still could taste mostly cheese which was really yummy. I kind of wish there was a little less brie because there was a little too much of it. The soup was good too, not the best I've ever had but not the worst, that's for sure. . . Okay... here we go... I think I read one too many reviews of  the Frrozen Hot Chocolate. Everyone (not just Yelpers but everyone period) has hyped it up to the point where I expected it would taste like how D'Angelo looked in the "How Does it Feel" music video... just good all over. (Nice visual, right? LOL) I wish nobody told me anything because I would've liked it a lot more. Honestly, in my opinion, it was a chocolate milkshake with halo-halo* ice mixed in with a bunch of whipped cream on it.  Good but not good enough for me to pay $10 again, which I really didn't because my friends and I split it because it was huge.. . *Don't know what it is? Look it up LOL. . FYI: Lines are and will always be long. If you want to dine in the restaurant, be prepared to wait. If not, there is a to go menu :]
We didn't get to sit in because the wait would of been a hour and thirty mins long so we just got take out. Of course we order their famous frozen hot chocolate and it was the bomb! Its was icy cold, not too sweet, and it was pretty big size of a drink. I not a huge chocolate fan but this was something I would definitely come back for.
First thing to know, the Frozen Hot Chocolate is one of the things this place is known for. With that said, you can probably get the serving size for one and split it between 2 people (unless you want one all to yourself).. . Also, the food portions are huge. We way over-ordered and wish we had sized down our check a bit. . . P.S. the footlong dog is more than a foot....
I'm being a little stingy with my stars because, number 1, The food, drinks, and restaurant are all much better  & much more original in Manhattan. Also, it's Vegas- so have to set the standards a little higher. So, cool location, good size restaurant, pretty views of Caesar's Palace & also of the strip. And HELLO, love the pink! The food- not to shabby, very large portions. Service was mediocre, as well as the prices. . Tip- try the peanut butter frozen hot chocolate.
frrrrrrrrrrrrozen hot chocolate is averrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrage. . . it rrrrrrrrrrreally leaves much to be desirrrrrrrrrrrrrrrred. . . stood at the takeout window and serrrrrrrrrrrrrrvice was slow.
Me and my girls waited nearly 2 hours so I had this idea that the food would be close to a great orgasm.................it was alright. I will say that their infamous frozen hot chocolate was pretty good.....but not worth that long ass wait though.
We came here right after we landed to Vegas for a bite to eat. The line was so long we had to wait an hour to be seated for 2 people. Once we were seated we ordered a burger and a blt sandwich. Was not too impressed because it didn't have too much flavor at all. For dessert we had the 7 layer chocolate cake and were vert satisfied with the dessert. I do not recommend the food for the price but the dessert was worth it. I would only come back for the dessert in the future.
ehhh people are bragging about their frozen hot chocolate, but im pretty sure i can make it at home and it'll probably taste the same. so yeah, its an ok place, just be patient, you might have to wait an hour or two to be seated.
Not the greatest stuff, but it's worth a try once.  Had the crab & artichoke dip which was crabby yet good.  The burger was decent.  The frozen hot chocolate wasn't all that.  Maybe I shouldn't have got the plain one.  Service was good.  Food is only OK.  Way overpriced for quality and taste, however.
The food here is fantastic! I had the crab spinach artichoke dip for an appetizzer ----which was so good i practically licked the bowl clean lol. very serious. Then my husband and I shared a sandwich that I can't remember the exact name but it's steak, eggs and bacon. That sandwich is HUGE! I'm glad we decided to share. It was delish. For dessert we had the cookie sunday - again amazing. This place is known for their desserts so they def delivered.. . The reason I give it 3 stars (and im assuming this is also why the place only is rated at 3 stars) is that they are so super freakin SLOWWWW! We had to wait an hour for brunch. And we went for brunch cuz I heard the dinnertime wait can go up to as long as 2 hours! No freakin way I was waiting 2 hours. Then after we were seated our waiter took forever in between serving us. After he brought us our sandwich we literally didn't see him again for another 30 min. I asked him for a refill on coffee which he never brought. Then after we finished our dessert, we were waiting for awhile again to get our check so my hubby just got up and went and found him to pay.. . This place has great food but their slow service is really wat kills it.
I fell in love with this place when I watched John Cusack & Kate Beckinsale in fall in love over a cup of frozen hot chocolate. I was only 11 when I watched the movie but I vowed to travel to New York one day just to try it! So when I heard Serendipity was on The Strip, I knew I just had to stop by.. . The wait would have been about 15-30 minutes but the hostess claimed that we "missed" our call, even though our party walked right over when she called my name. Not only did she make us wait an additional 15 minutes while she let two parties walk up without a wait and were seated right away, GREAT. So I sucked it up and put a smile on my face and continued to wait.. . From the over-sized menus, I orderedthe frozen hot chocolate for two and the onion rings (they're ginormous!) My boyfriend got the high heel pumps, an Italian style sandwich with a side of sweet potato fries. The food wasn't anything special but we had a nice lunch.. . Our hostess was very friendly and we enjoyed her until she had taken away our onion rings without asking. Of course, I complained and they were quite accommodating to the matter. . . Overall, I wasn't happy with my experience here. I'm disappointed that they did not live up to my childhood dreams. I probably wouldn't come back unless I have a hankering for frozen hot chocolate, which btw was guilty delicious! And even at that, I'd probably just head to the to-go window
If you don't plan on going to NY to visit the original and If you have never tried their Frozen Hot Chocolate, then you should try it. . . Once you have, then you can go to any coffee house and get an ice blended mocha and be satisfied.. . The hotdog is a foot long and had a greasy? buttery? bun? Meh, $8 better spent somewhere else.
We ate at the bar because the wait was too long even though the restaurant seemed like there was room to seat. The ABC burger was yummy and the steak fries were worth it!
Recommend the Frozen Mint Hot chocolate! The food was okay but overpriced so stick with the frozen hot chocolates!
Out of the 3 times I have come, each time was one-star for me! The purpose for each time was to try a different sundae (although I'm not so much into ice cream).. . WHERE: It's part of Caesar's Palace, but it is it's on building right outside of the casino itself. You must park at the garage/valet, walk through the casino, and out to it.. . Each of the sundaes I got to try were all large servings!! I shared with friend, and still didn't get to finish it =(. Such a bummer!. -Deep fried orea sundae: TOO MUCH DEEP FRIED OREOS!! I couldn't do it anymore after just one!!. -Banana Split (coward portion): If you are also here for dessert, I recommend this sundae! The coward portion was pretty decent sized too, I miss homemade banana splits back in the day! =). . I did get to try the onion rings! They were actually pretty good, and I loved the presentation!! The little cafe is cute & really PINK, but the food is over priced - that's for sure! OVERPRICED FOR WHAT IT SHOULD BE WORTH.. . *NOTE: Proceed with caution!!
Meh.  I don't get it.  I went down to the strip just to try Serendipity 3's famous "frozen hot chocolate", but I just wasn't blown away.. . It was pretty good and really did taste like frozen instant mix hot chocolate, but I'm just not sure why so many seem to fall head over heels for it.  $10 for the taste of frozen Carnation Instant breakfast seems absurd.  That said, the drink is fun and tasty, but it's far far far down the list of great flavors and experiences in Vegas.  It tastes like a very good Starbucks frozen drink.  So I guess the pricing break down is $3 for the drink and $7 worth of hype.
Just came here to grab a frozen hot chocolate.  When we got here, there wasn't a line, but when we were grabbing our drink, the line started to wrap around the building!  The frozen hot chocolate tasted really good, but it would definitely not be worth the wait or the price.
Tried this out strictly for the famous frozen hot chocolate and for that yummy treat, Serendipity 3 earned 3 stars.. . However, for everything else? Umm, not so much. The chili dog was alright and the Chinese chicken salad was blah. No matter how much dressing I poured on top of it, I could not force myself to even pretend to like it. The sweet fries were only slightly better than the salad and I rarely meet a frie that I don't absolutely love! No joke, fries are my weakness!. . Customer service was a 0-1 star. Our server must have been having a bad year because the perma-scowl on her face would not go away no matter how much we smiled at her and thanked her. . . I will not be returning to this joint. Be that as it may, I will also not allow this bad experience to prevent me from checking-out the original Serendipity in NYC. . . Oh how I hoped for it to turn-out better. Sigh.
Yes, the wait is insane.  Yes, the dessert is yummy.  But is it all worth it?  You be the judge of that.. . I think that you may be able to make reservations for this place and had I known that prior to just walking up to the podium and being told that the wait is about 30-45 minutes when it was only 4:30pm was a little unexpected.  It happened to also be an unusually cold day in May so when we were seated on the balcony, we weren't too happy...especially when we were in the direct path of where the wind blew strongest.  We spoke to a server who called the manager over and moved us against the wall, which helped tremendously.  But seriously?  I wish they used a little more common sense when they saw that I was with a 10 year old and a friend who didn't have a jacket.  . . The food itself was decent but Vegas has a lot more places to eat that have delicious food so unless you're coming here to eat AND get yourself some frrrrrrozen hot chocolate (or in our case, an Oreo flavored one), save yourself the trouble, the time and the money.  But it's definitely going atleast once.
got the frozen hot chocolate randomly which was probably the best thing we ordered.  the ice cream sundae i think which was okay.  good place to get chilled dessert, but i would probably recommend fat tuesdays if you want something fruity and chilled since it's like a slushee with booze.
You go here because it's a gimmick and you are stuck on the Vegas Strip. . The giant ice creams are fun, but the food is mediocre, just like every other mid priced place on the Strip.
As a frequent Las Vegas visitor, I had been wanting to try this place. I finally did Memorial Day weekend and it was not amazing, but still worth it!. . We went on Monday afternoon around 2pm and the waitwas 45min-1hour!! So we instead ordered from their smaller menu where you can order a la carte instead of sitting down in the restaurant. Next time, we'll make reservations!. . We ordered the mini sliders, chili cheese dog, corn dogs, nachos, fries, and frozen hot chocolate. . . The BEST part was the frozen hot chocolate! When i went to pick up our order, they had forgotten the corn dogs, so for my wait, they gave me a free large frozen hot chocolate! The other stuff was just kind of blah, not great, but still yummy. The only thing I wouldn't order again were the nachos. The chili cheese dog was pretty good and the sliders were really juicy! But i would definitely come back for the frozen hot chocolate!! Perfect on a hot day too!. . I gave it 3 stars because the only amazing thing really was the frozen hot chocolate. If i was solely rating that, then i would give it 4 stars.
Memorial day,  wait one hr at 11:35 I was told 30 min but I wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate so I stayed ,lunch service started at 11am  so they asked me if I wanted the bar at 12:15 pm cuz I was by myself and they needed the table , I hate the bar btw cuz the bartender is always busy making drinks so he's preoccupied and u don't get to pick the people that sit next to u the frozen chocolate was good the crab cake sandwich was only ok . my fries were cold.  Kinda expensive for the service and wait I had to put up with.
Holy Hopping Hill of Dessert! This humongous dessert almost caused an avalanche in my stomach. It was simply too much! . . I got their Deep Fried Oreo Sundae. It was ice cream with Deep Fried Oreos breaded in a batter of corn flakes. If you've ever eaten Deep Fried Oreos at the town fair, the corn-flake breading adds a new crunchy dimension to it, which goes nicely in the ice cream.  . . As for drinks, make sure to try their Frozen Hot Chocolate Coffee. It's an oxymoron, I know, but it tastes along the lines of a slushy milk chocolate and much richer than the variety you find at Dunkin Donuts. They add shavings of chocolate, and the one I drank had a caffeine kick to it.. . Just a few words of caution: If you order from the take-out line, you cannot order anything that involves frying or cooking anything. This meant no Deep Fried Oreo Sundae for me the second time around. . . Also, the treats are made differently. My friend ordered a Strawberry Fields sundae and it was more whipped cream than anything else. And the whipped cream from a can -- not made fresh. The rest of us were happy with our Frozen Hot Chocolates.
Cute atmosphere. The items we ordered were delicious and of course we got frozen hot chocolate. I do feel everything was over priced and 45min "wait time" seems to be the staple even though we waited 20min. Overall it was an enjoyable experience.
There's not much I can say about Serendipity 3 that hasn't already been voiced in the 900+ reviews. It's a popular stop for tourists because it literally sits right on the Strip and is easily accessed by foot. I could spend hours talking about how much I hate the set up of Caesar's Palace, but I won't. Bottom line, when visiting Serendipity, park valet or else you will earn the calories you eat hiking not only through Caesar's but then following the breadcrumb trail to Serendipity outside.. . There is always a wait, particularly on date nights (Fri/Sat) and if you're not interested in dining in there's a walk-up counter where you can order to-go. It's not their full menu, but has their staple items. The wait is long, but you can get some great people watching in.. . I'm not big on sweets, so their signature frozen hot chocolate was never a highlight for me although it is yummy and when spiked packs a dangerously delicious punch! However it was a little to sweet for me and true to the Serendipity theme of heart-stopping portion sizes. In a nutshell, it's instant diabetes, but likely worth it if you have a sweet tooth.. . My favorite at Serendipity is the Caesar salad which I believe comes in two sizes: appetizer and King Kong. I was having as dinner so I got the larger size and wasn't able to finish it and I blame that partly on the amazing croutons that the salad is "garnished" with. Usually, croutons do just serve as a garnish, sitting humbly on top of a salad and delicately scattered throughout. On the Serendipity Caesar, the croutons take the main stage as they are not only enormous but the best damn croutons I've ever eaten. I can't even believe I just spent three minutes writing about them, but they are that good! They're buttery, garlicky and toasty (perfect combo!) on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside and I can't put my finger on what kind of bread they used as I've tried to replicate them at home and they never turn out like this. The dressing was perfect, and evenly distributed throughout the salad. Towards the end things got a little soggy as I tried to power through and not fall face first in food coma into the plate, but any salad will start to do that if it sits there long enough.. . The staff and service is for the most part forgettable. The couple times I've been the staff has either been neglectful or incompetent with attitude which I guess is expected of a place that more often than not deals with walk-ins off the Strip who have been grossly over-served and are now trying to order a sandwich while belligerently drunk.. . Yes, prices border on the outrageous, but the restaurant is on prime real estate and again, the place has no sense of portion control. All in all, a nice place to take hungry out of town friends.
As with Real Estate, location is key.  And Serendipity 3 has an excellent location, right on the strip, in front of Cesears Palace.. . You cannot miss the pink decor as you drive down Las Vegas Blvd.  And this place gets crowded.  Luckily, they have a convenient to go window where you can place your order to go.. . Their claim to fame is their Frozen Hot Chocolate.  So of course, I had to order one of these, at a cost of $14 for a large one.  The taste of their specialty drink tastes similar to an ice blended mocha at your neighborhood Starbucks.  It's good, but not something that you never had before.. . Serendipity is a nice distraction from the hustle and bustle of LV.  You can just chill at their outdoor seating area and rest your feet from all the walking.. . Overall, it's more of a touristy place to visit and chill out after a long day.
Wait was too long for a table so we had to order at the window.  The sundae was really good, but a bit smaller than I expected for the price.  I guess I will have to wait for next time I return to NYC forthe original Serendipity for the true test.  A bit disappointed, but life goes on!
I remember watching the movie serendipity and thought I have to try that dessert. Well I finally made it and I was disappointed. I ordered the frozen hot chocolate, mint flavor for two. It cost $11 for single but $15 for two. So we shared it. The whip cream on there was nothing special. Flavor wise was just okay. I have to admit they blended the ice very fine so I am giving it 3 stars. This is strictly a review about their frozen hot chocolate; we didn't order anything else since we ate brunch at Jean Philippe before heading here.. The decorate of the place is cute. They had some crazy pictures on the wall. You have to wait if you want outside seating. We sat inside and thought it was cozy. . I saw people ordering food and the salad looked huge. We might go back to try the food, but not for their famous frozen hot chocolate.
A Las Vegas version of my all time favorite stop in NYC.  I was a little skeptical but was also really excited about this location.  The menu is a little different from the NYC location, obviously, it had to adapt to the Vegas atmosphere.  It's a lot trendier and more modern.  The food was decent, we had the hot dog, onion rings, french fries, a salad and a burger.  Overall, it was okay.  Just not what I expected.  We ended our meal with the frozen hot chocolate, which didn't disappoint - that part of the meal I enjoyed.  . . I still like the NYC location much better - due to the ambiance, service and food.  But, this location is much easier to get to and less wait time.
I, like some others here on Yelp, have yet to try the original NYC location(s) so I don't have anything to compare this one to yet. That being said this is what you should know:. . Do be prepared to wait (and in the Vegas summer heat this can be a little unpleasant). Do order the frozen iced chocolate (it's one of a kind). Do be prepared to shell out some money. This is a famous and touristy spot on the Strip so like anything else, it's a little pricier than most places. Do try the food, they're known for their desserts but the food is quite good too. . Don't get upset...the wait will be worth it. Don't forget to look at their intricate menus, they are pretty cool and tell the story of Serendipity in NYC. Don't be fooled by your waiter's selling tactics. They may "conveniently" forget to mention if you order candy, etc with your frozen hot chocolate, it's going to cost more. . Keep all that mine and you will enjoy your experience at Serendipity.
This place is decent,  would I go back yes. But it is not very memorable to be honest. The irritating thing about this place is how the celebrate birthdays. They have everyone in the restaurant sing to the person. It was my birthday when I went, my 21st. It was really annoying to stop eating and talking to celebrate someone else's birthday that i will never see again. With that said their milkshakes are pretty good, and their fries are good. The best part about this place, the hot dogs. Now thats a good hot dog. its a foot long too. so I would go back, but I wouldnt say it is one of the best restaurants in Vegas
Went there with my wife and her brother. Both my wife and I have been here before do we knew what to expect. We were quoted a 30 minute wait but opted for seats at the bar. Good choice because the bartender was great, friendly and efficient and extremely helpful. I had the chili cheese dog, a Blue Moon and the wife and bro-in-law split the Turkey BLT and each had iced tea. The food is very good and the portions are humongous. A little pricey but you are in Vegas. Still, it was cheaper than breakfast inside Caesars at Neros! I don't know if I'd make a special trip just to go there but if you are in the area, it is good for a detour.
3 stars for now, i'll be updating my review and hopefully number of stars once i get to try out more items from the menu. i was here a few weeks ago when a friend suggested we grab some desserts. he'd suggested this place, and i was amazed to find out they actually had desserts locations around here. it was my second time in vegas, and although i'd been in and out of all the places on the strip, i guess i never paid much attention as i passed by this place. i ordered the forbidden broadway sundae, and it was pretty big. actually, it should be pretty big... because it was pretty damn pricey! me, my best friend and our friend shared it and ended up not being able to finish it. for one, it was wayyy too sweet and we all got pretty sick of it towards the end, especially when the ice cream had become all melted. overall, it was what you'd expect from a sundae. nothing spectacular...but i do still want to go back and try at least a few other things on here before being satisfied with my review.
After the loooong drive from Sac to Las Vegas, we came here for some breakfast/lunch before our hotel check-in.  I definitely like the decor of the place, I like pink!  Haha.  But ... the food took FOREVER to come out (& we made it in before it got TOO busy) and the prices were definitely overpriced ($4 for a glass of OJ o_0) . . It's definitely one of those tourist spots, one of those "hey, i've been there", once in a lifetime spot for me. . . Maybe next time I come, I'll just try the different flavors of frozen hot chocolate!
This one is tough - 4 stars for the frozen hot chocolate (I got the mint, others got the white & original), and 2 stars for the food... But I suppose that's really the focus of the place... Had the A, B, C burger (avocado, brie & caramelized onions) which was ok but not incredible. The crabcake sandwich that my friend had was pretty good though... 30 minute on what appeared to be a restaurant with plenty of open seating, which was somewhat frustrating, but that's Vegas... Overall would come back for the frozen HC, but probably would skip the meal.
This is place is ok except for the long wait time just to get a table which I wasn't too surprise since it is in Vegas. The food was like anything else you may have had at another restaurant. I guess they are know more for their desert, which I would say look appetizing but I didn't order since I was full already.
I didn't get to try anything else except for the frozen hot chocolate. It was pretty good, not too sweet. It's perfect for hot weathers like Vegas. It was kind of pricey just for hot chocolate though. I still think it's worth a visit when in Vegas. This is located right outside of Caesar's Palace. There was supposedly a long wait and we signed up for seating (30 min wait), but noticed that they have to-go orders too and you just order from the window and sit outside. The downside is that there are not as many selection of food as when seated inside.
I had the seared-ahi salad. It was fucking@awesome.com.. The atmosphere is meh, but its famous and that's enough to make me go along with the person that chose it. Just about every entree is $15 and up, so don't think you are gonna get out of there cheap Mr penny-pincher. The odds of me eating here are very slim unless I go back to Vegas with the person that chose it and they want to eat here again. But you can be damn sure I'm picking the place we go after that.
After reading all the reviews on this place and seeing the "frozen hot chocolate" mentioned in most, I decided to make a stop at Serendipity (since we had just eaten at Max Brenner in Ceasars) and get one to go. 10.00 for the frozen HC and 5.00 for a tiny bottle of evian so 15.00 later, I was sitting at an outside table ready and excited to try it. So the verdict? simply meh. It did kinda taste like a chocolate milkshake but with a more chocolaty rich flavor. Was it worth the 10.00? Absolutely not. I only got through about a quarter of it before I got tired of it, said F this and threw it away. . So a few weeks later, I was talking to a friend who asked about my recent trip to Vegas. Told her I tried the frozen hot chocolate at Serendipity. She got all excited and told me she had tried it too but at Dunkin Doughnuts. We both agreed that it was good but really rich. Then I said "I didn't feel it was worth the 10.00. I think she felt bad telling me that she had only paid... get this... 2.00 for hers! Trying to make me feel better, she insisted that mine was probably better to which I replied "Nope, I am pretty sure they were the same." Haha, so there you have it, even though I have not tried the one from Dunkin Doughnuts, I would say to try theirs if you really feel you must try "frozen hot chocolate" aka "The more chocolaty milkshake." No milkshake is ever worth 10.00!!! I just wish, I had come to this conclusion before basically giving my money away. Well ya live ya learn   :). . Note to self: When at Dunkin Doughnuts, try the Frozen Hot Chocolate to determine if it is not as good as, as good as, or better then Serendipities version. Then post the review on Yelp so others will not have the misfortune of spending too much if Dunkins is as good as or better. . Keep an eye on my profile if you are interested in the results. I have a feeling this study will be conducted within the next few weeks as I have been jonsing for a chocolaty fix lately   :O
In Vegas, it is one of those things that you should experience because its a famous restaurant/dessert place.  Its not the best ice cream ever, but hey, its 90 degrees and serendipity sounds like a good idea!  Their ice cream is good.  Frozen hot chocolate is exactly how it sounds- cold, slushy like hot chocolate.  Not my fav because I'm not really a fan of cold chocolate liquid.  Their pretzels come in a huge S shape with nacho cheese. And their donuts are texas sized.  Heard the deep fried oreos are GOOD!  (but you can only order them in the restaurant, not in the to go counter). . We never got to eat inside tho because theres always a really long wait.  So everytime I've been here it's been ordering from the to-go and sitting out on the patio.
I was so disappointed in the little shop. As there was a big long line to get our snack. It took about 10-15 minutes to get our pretzel and a cold hot chocolate. It wasn't the line that I was most upset about (I don't mind a long line if my food is good) well with that being said, our pretzel wasn't all that great, it was hard and cold. I'm not quite sure if that was their intention of how they make pretzels, but I sure don't like it that way and I don't enjoy hard rock pretzels. The most deceiving part was the long line that everyone was hanging out in front of to get some good quality food, maybe everyone else's food was good, but mine sure wasn't. When the employee handed me my pretzel, man was I was surprised to see how big it was and how yummy it was going to taste, but man was I so disappointed to have a rock of a pretzel. I just expected more for a long line, if you know what I mean. I guess this place was just all hype of a line.. . I probably won't be coming back here, if I do, I'm sure it won't be for a pretzel. Thank goodness I didn't see the price of how much everything cost because the wifey paid for it, if I knew how much she paid, I probably would be writing how much this place was over priced.
i think the one in NY is much better.. i don't remember their frozen hot chocolate being as sweet.  . the mochaccino was way too sweet..... . and the food! do not get the food.. the nachos are disgusting.  sO salty and the chips are so huge that it's not easy to eat unless you break them.  it's like the size of 4 normal tortilla chips put together.. . their burger.. also disgusting!. overpriced too.. will never come back.
Been to the Serendipity in NYC and must say it's better over on the East. Their menu is moderately different and the food just tasted better..It didn't have the Hot Dog and Junk food choices, but had more meal types.. Different City, Different Demographics..... . We do however like their sweet potato fries and their specialty "Frozen Hot Chocolate" is the same, East or West Coast. We also like the Summer Bries and the pizza. Always end up taking the other half in a to go box for some midnight snackeroo's... . You can share the regular size of F.H.C. no need to do the double unless you have a very sweet tooth...Always order this with your meal or else you'll end up regretting it later on.. . OMG, I just remembered one of the visits when we sat at the bar. We could fully see the kitchen. A staff was not very sanitary. A waiter also worked the kitchen and I saw some fries touch his hand and some salad as well for another meal, but he just let it go and served it. Then he takes a rag those wet rags on the counter and wipes off what he spilled without washing his hand and serves the plates...I should have said something, but they might do something to our food. So we kept and eye on how our food was plated... . Oh ya, It gets crowded here so if you have the option to sit at the bar take it. They guy who served us on a prior visit was very nice. He made us his specialty for my friends birthday...There is also a T.V. for those guys who want to see sports scores and whatevers. Outside seating has a mister and fan so you can keep cool. Also a Take-out area available, but always a line so might as well stay and get served...
Got the breakfast quesadilla's, pretty good, also ordered the frozen peanut butter hot chocolate, really good... however this place gets three stars because the service was so bad.
i may not be a huge dessert lover or burger joint junky.... . But you have to try (at least a hundred times) Serendipity's frozen ice-cream shake, esp the strawberry. OOOOOh, your tongue will thank you!. . would have been a 3.5 stars but the hour wait...you serious? Host aren't that friendly either...perhaps the 105 degree weather...perhaps!
ever been to a place to try it only to cross it off your bucket list because it wasn't good enough to come back? serendipity is one of these places for me. . . if you have never tried it, go get the frozen hot chocolate & onion ring tower. at least this way you can say you've tried it. we also got the famous Vegas sandwich too. the food was decent. the frozen hot chocolate tasted like a super chocolatey shake. . . quality of the food is like diners type of food i.e. Denny's, but generously portioned.
My past recent visits to Vegas, I've dined at this place because my friends hella like it.. I beg to differ... I mean, I'd rather go to a freakin buffet mannnn!! Lol. . Their food is good tho! I've tried their chicken alfredo pasta thing, sweet potats, nachos, wings, and their crab cake sandwich (which was pretty bomb), and their frozen hot chocolate. Haven't tried much because I always get the same thing when I'm here! I know... borrrrrring. . Can I just say something tho... their service here is horrible. It would take years for a server to come help us, take our order, bring us drinks, and more longer for the food to come out. Why?? I have no clue. It wasn't even THAT busy the last time we went. Whatevs.
Line is long. Super buzz kill waiting that long for a frozen / hot chocolate. Worth a try though if you are willing to wait. It has a primo location and it was on the FOOD NETWORK!. . Grade: B-
If I was writing this writing this review based solely upon the frozen hot chocolate, then Serendipity 3 would easily be a slam dunk 5-star. Most seem to agree that this cold and chocolate delight is so tasty! The actual restaurant is another story though.... . I had been to window where you just order your frozen hot chocolate and don't have to worry about the insane crowded-ness of the restaurant. But when I was in Vegas last month, my group of girlfriends decided to be brave and take the longgggg wait. We lucked out with a 30-40 minute wait (pretty short by Serendipity standards). It's loud inside, and after sitting for about 10 minutes waiting for at least a drink order, my friend went up to a waiter and let him know that no one had come to our table. When our waiter finally did arrive, and another waiter swoops in out of nowhere and starts holding onto my shoulders (yikes!) and cheesily says "ohhh this guy gets nervous around beautiful ladies. he was probably afraid" and then flashes a weird smile. Yuck! Well after that weird moment ends we get some waters and look over the menu.. . My friend and I decided to split the truffle pizza (post-Italy truffle obsession). Another friend orders a burger, and another pair of friends split the brie and turkey sandwich. Our pizza was big and retangular shaped. It was pretty good, nothing too memorable. My friends also enjoyed their food, but said it was nothing to rave about. We closed with the wonderful hot chocolate. . . The setting it adorable and loud, the food is okay, the service is bizarre, and the frozen hot chocolate is to die for. Mixed feelings about this place.
Hmmm, I swear this place was better when they first opened =(. . This time around the same fettucini alfredothat I've craved and raved about to friends tasted plain. Like I coulda made it myself for half the price.. . The spaghetti wasn't as good as I remember either =( Sad.. . Thankfully, the froho (frozen hot chocolate) hit the spot in these 100 degree days.
3.75 stars. So hot in Vegas it felt like walking under a hair dryer-constantly!  Craving a nice cold shake to cool down!  Sat at the bar with my 2 GF and ordered milk shakes.  took a while to arrive but the bartender was super friendly and attentive.   yummy and thick I deducted .25 stars as they were $10 apiece.
good for the desert, but not a big fan of the food. the portions are huge tho
Was planning to go to the location in New York later this year when I visit but given it happened to be here in Vegas; we gave it a try. Frozen hot chocolate was good but  definitely overrated at $10 a pop.  However, for brunch, my boyfriend had some dish with gravy and biscuits on it and those were definitely the best biscuits I had.
needed a place to eat right off our trip from the airport, walking the strip we saw serendipity and went in..... . according to the waitress they had no seats yet it was only 2/3s full, so we sat at the bar.... . bartender was awesome but the food took forever to get and it was your standard bar food.... . if your in a pinch and drunk this is your place but otherwise its overpriced and nothing special
Serendipity 3 = a must-go when you're in Vegas..especially with a group of girls.. . I was in town last weekend & came here for late lunch on a Friday. The wait for 10 girls was about 45min-1hr for an indoor table. Luckily, outdoor seating was available right then & there. I'm not sure why people don't want to sit outside. I understand that it's hot, but it's shaded & actually nice to see out there. Oh well, all I cared about was that we got seated right away. . . Since we were definitely going out that night, my friend & I wanted something filling. We went with the cheeseburger. We asked to get it cut it in half, & there's a fee! So not worth it. We were able to cut it ourselves with a plastic knife. The cheeseburger was a cheeseburger. It was good, but not like wow. Also, it had a HUGE bottom bun. It was too big that we both took it off & finished the remainder of our meal.. . Service was good. Nothing outstanding, but it was fine. She was a very nice waitress though. . . Definitely will be back at Serendipity 3 when I'm in Vegas, but not sure if I'll get the cheeseburger again.
My review might be biased since I regularly go to the "real" Serendipity in New York.  I was in Vegas on vacation and was excited to try the Nevada version of my favorite restaurant.  My friend and I got there and waited about 30 minutes to be seated.  Not too bad considering I once waited 2 hours for a table in NYC.  We looked at the menu and were ready to order, but unfortunately, no waitress showed up for at least 20-25 minutes.  Once the expression on my face showed I was slightly annoyed, a waitress came over and asked if we were being helped.  We weren't.  Strike one.. . We had a coupon for a free Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, one of my favorite treats.  Well....they brought it out and the first thing I noticed was that they did not use fresh whipped cream, it was Reddi-Wip.  Also, it was a much smaller portion than Serendipity in New York.  The Frrrozen Hot Chocolate wasn't made correctly..very watery.  We didn't really drink it.  Strike two.. . The food was alright.  I won't give them any strikes for that.  I enjoyed my grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup.  . . We ordered our favorite New York desserts and again were slightly disappointed.   I ordered the Coward's Portion Banana Split and the lady was in such a hurry, I didn't get to tell her which ice cream and toppings I wanted.  The original location always asks me if I want to customize.  Strike three. . . Overall, the Las Vegas location is OKAY.  It's not terrible, but if you LOVE Serendipity 3 in New York, I wouldn't recommend it.  You'll just be disappointed.  If you have never eaten at the original Serendipity 3, I'd say go for it!  You probably won't know the difference and you'll have a good meal.  Unfortunately, I found myself comparing the two locations the entire night.  Again, it might be unfair to do so, but I simply don't believe this location lives up to that famous Serendipity 3 name.
This review reflects my experience at Vegas Serendipity because Serendipity New York is way better but the frozen hot chocolate is good nonetheless. The wait was way too long and having to sit outside in 103 degree weather for an hour can seem like an eternity. I had the eggs benedict and strawberry waffles. The eggs were really good, the sauce was delish but the waffles were not that impressive. Overall, if you've never had a frozen hot chocolate from Serendipity...you should try it BUT try to make your way to New York for the real Serendipity.
Had the frozen hot chocolate....similar to the one at William Sonoma..tasty and they make it in different ways.  The atmosphere is nice and lively great music not to loud but just right.  Had the BBQ and Blue Cheese Burger with sweet potato fries.  Excellent!!  Overall great experience and would recommend at least going there once.  BTW the waiter we had just happen to be from Lahaina, Maui.
Had to check it out....since there is so much hype.  Ended up going on a regular night...and we still had to wait a bit.  I mean it was good,  but gosh darn it...its way too overpriced..... . worth a visit...if you're a tourist....
OHHHH the hype. I fell for it! I've been wanting to try it for a while and finally made it a point to visit the last time I was in Vegas. . . We arrived there pretty late and was expecting to get seated right away because it was 4:30pm, too late for lunch and too early for dinner. Boy were we wrong! Wait was 20-25 mins for OUTDOOR tables in 109 degree weather. UGH. Outdoor seating has misters, but don't expect that to help you cool off. Bad misting/fan system they set up back there. It's just for looks.... . Food. - BBQ Chicken Sandwich - very flavorful and the chicken wasn't dry. I liked it a lot. - Onion rings - sooo bad. The batter was way too thick and they dunked it in parmesan. Gross.... - steak fries - seasoned with kosher salt. and was very good! . - sweet potato fries - a little bland, but not bad. . - Frozen Hot Chocolate - this was hyped up way too much for me. I could do without. . . I really wanted to get the steak sandwich but it was a little too expensive for waaay too big for me to finish. It looks amazing though!!. . Our server was a little spacey and couldn't remember a thing we asked her. Kinda annoying, but she was very nice. . . Overall, an overpriced place that is super hyped up. Ehh..I'll pass for now since I'm on a budget.
Cool spot at Cesar's Palace...the frozen  hot chocolate is what everyone raves about. It's yummy but it's no different than something you can pick up at any shake place. I came here for brunch and had the egg whites and spinach omelette which was served with cheese, avocado, and breakfast potatoes on the side. The omelette was bland. It definitely lacked flavor, I couldn't really taste anything. The potatoes, however, were perfectly crips on the outside and delicious. 3 stars for the food but 5 for the service. The hostess and waitress were both very friendly and attentive. I had a good experience at this place but I don't think I would go back again.
Like most of what everyone on here has said, the service stinks. Our waitress could have had more of a personality or perhaps practiced a little more on that fake smile to be more genuine-looking. She was a little rushed & not personable.. . Although I do have to say that the 2 gals I dealt with at the front counter were excellent in getting our party of 5 seated in 5 mins instead of the 30 mins we were told to begin with. At a 114 degree weather today we probably could've gone for inside seating, but THAT probably would have been the 30 min wait. The fan misters were OK if you were directly in its path. . . Our drinks came out fairly quick, along with the baby's kid meal which were the 2 burger sliders that could have easily been devoured in one bite by any starved adult--they were so microscopic! I guess perfect for a child of 21 months.. . Thai Salad was pretty good, the Nachos appetizer @ $14 was shabby, only thing good about it was the condiments it came with:  sour cream, real guacamole & fresh salsa. The Buffalo Wings were nothing special, just your ordinary batch that came with sticks of carrots & celery & ranch dressing.. . What wowed me was the White Cholocate Frozen Hot Chocolate. I think we got gipped because we ordered a Large to share, but it looked exactly like a Regular single serving of the Oreo Frozen that someone in my party ordered. Banana Split, I was told, was good, along with the Caramel Sundae that someone else got.. . All in all, this is not a place to go if youre Starvin Marvin for food, but I wasn't let down w/my dessert choice since I am a true White Choco lover. They need to re-train staff, but I gave the girl a full tip only because I want to believe she was just tired from the heat & was just probably not having a great day. Whatever. Overpriced. 3 stars because I enjoyed my company.
Went here last week and had the meatball pizza.. It was a flatbread pizza cut into 4 with ONE slice of meatball and some ricotta cheese on each slice. . It was decent and I was hungry after travelling all morning and not eating for about 14 hrs , so I needed food. But, I would not have enjoyed it otherwise. . . I did enjoy my peanut butter milkshake that I had with it though.. 2 stars for the milkshake , 1 for the pizza.
This is a serious case of I left my heart in NYC....  Went to the original Serendipity on a girl's trip after seeing the movie!!  Loved loved loved the frozen hot chocolate, and the ambience of the NYC Serendipity was cozy and charming.  Haven't been to NY in a while, so I was excited to see that they opened a Serendipity in Las Vegas!!   You know... it's just not the same. Everything is Vegas is BIG... every one does everything BIG... Serendipity 3 just felt like a big, regular restaurant on the strip.  Nothing charming... just a restaurant.  I can't complain about the food.  We went for lunch.  Two of us had an omelette, another the Nachos.  The food was good, the portions were nice (and FYI... their breakfast potatoes that come with the omelettes are AWESOME!!!!).   What I didn't like is the crazy wait.  We checked in at 12:30pm.  Yeah, sure, it's peak lunch time.  It took us about an hour and a half to be seated.  Not the most pleasant experience.  And it was a bit frustrating cause I could see them calling and taking people behind us on the list... not sure what type of system they use.  Our waitress though was fab!  Great service!  But if you're looking for that same NY experience, and wanting to re-live that Serendipity movie scene.... aside from the gigantic frozen hot chocolate... that's where the similarity ends.
the wait time to get a table is ridiculous. thank goodness they have a take-out window. yah... they're known for their frozen hot chocolate but to be honest, i wasn't too impressed. the first time i had it, i thought it was great. maybe because it was so hyped up. the second time... not so much. i mean, it's a perfect treat to cool you off in the hot vegas heat, however, i've had better at a local coffee spot near my house. mehh.. guess i'll have to try the serendipity in the big apple..
it was 1/2 full when we came here, might be the economy or just being "optimistic."  Ordered the carrot cake sundae and the cold hot chocolate (yes, it's an oxymoron, not a typo!)  Carrot cake sundae was good, the infamous cold hot chocolate was "ok" for $10.  As you sip it, you ask yourself how you could make this at home.  A friend commented "Reminds me a Wendy's frostie."   Try it for yourself!  I like the ambiance, very whimsical, nice place to talk, relax and treat yourself to sweets!  they also have 'real' food there, but didn't have a chance to try it.
Four fabulous girlfriends a la Sex in the City (I get to be Carrie Bradshaw lol!) having dinner at Serendipity on the patio along the Vegas strip...was Serendipity just as fab?. . The Place. The restaurant is super adorable on the outside, with Barbie-pink accents and Hello Kitty plush toys on display. But as soon as you walk inside, Serendipity was underwhelming, boxy, and nothing special!  So we were glad to sit outside on the patio, even though it was your typical 100 degree day in Vegas!. . The Food. The menu options were plentiful - a little something for everyone.  We were all in a burger mood - Carrie (yours truly :P) ordered the veggie burger (I only ate half, that says it all!),  and Miranda had the crab cake burger (which she let me taste - now THAT was worth looking a little bulgy in your Vegas clubbing dress for!)  Charlotte and Samantha both ordered a traditional burger that they both inhaled (they were quiet for a good ten minutes lol!)  Not that I could blame them, we all didn't have a bite to eat since 5am that morning coming home from Surrender! ;). . The Frozen Hot Chocolate. Sigh.  Serendipity's trademark drink was nothing but hot chocolate served cold with whipped cream, literally.  No "how did they do that?!?" reaction like when I ordered deep-fried ice cream for the first time.   I envisioned some kind of chocolate slushy!. . The Serendipitous Moment. So the four girlfriends sat around their table, chatting, laughing, and devising grandiose plans for the night ahead, while picking at their French fries.  The food might've been just OK (maybe we should've just done dessert here instead of dinner!)  but we all agreed it was great place to spend some quality time with each other (outside of all the drinking & dancing the last two nights away.)   That was a nice, accidental discovery....that was Serendipity :)
I'm kind of an idiot and went here for the dessert and then I didn't have any. Soooo yeah. . . We showed up to wait for a table (mind you there are about 45 tables open outside and we were okay with eating outside). The hostess said it would be a 15 minute wait anyway (why? I don't know). So we're sitting outside by the door and near a fan. We've been waiting for a while and I get up to go check to see if they called our name. Apparently the hostess did (inside? she knew we were outside) and since we weren't there crossed us off the list and moved us to the bottom. She was also very rude to us about it. . . Whatever, no big deal. I'll take your attitude, just seat me, I'm starving. . . Finally after waiting for a few minutes (this time I stood near their hostess station so they knew I was in existence) and my party was seated. Naturally it was uncomfortably hot but we were seated in probably the worst area. It was so hot, I was disgustingly (and embarrassingly) taking ice out of my drink and letting it melt on my legs. :hangs head in shame:. . Our waiter was very nice and made up for the hostess. I wanted lunch and asked for something "small." Apparently their tuna salad was the smallest salad but this thing was massive!!! It was very good, but I'm still cautious about getting fish in the middle of the desert. . . Anyway, no dessert. I think if I was back in Vegas and wasty face, I'd make a stop to try the dessert. Otherwise, I probably could get bitched at by a hostess at a snootier restaurant and feel less bad about it.
I don't remember their menu being so large compared to the one in New York. I think $10 for a small Frozen hot Chocolate is way overpriced. It was good but not worth it. The wait was too long, 30-45 minutes to eat an average style meal.
It  was my first time, so i oder Sundae with fried oreo, it was ok.  Frozen hot choclate is great.  Ok, there cake slices have huge portion so be careful when you  order it, my girlfriend oder the 7 layer cholcate cake boy it was huge and  she end up taking it back to the hotel and when i say huge its in a size of small 8' cake.  . If you do want something spicy, please oder the chicken wings (hot spring wings) hummm perfect hit the spot. . Service was fantastic.  . Overall food is good but i won't call it out of this world except for the frozen hot cholcate.
My girls and I really wanted to try this place, and we ordered 3 different frozen hot chocolates and a chocolate sundae. The frozen hot chocolates were good, but I guess my expectations were high. They didn't taste that amazing. The sundae was also incredibly sweet and we couldn't even finish it.. . Personally, this wasn't really my kind of dessert place, but I definitely think it's worth a try when you're in Vegas.
Just imagine a the taste of a hot chocolate drink but frozen... . It's okay but not going to spend $11(or $15 large) for this drink. . . By the way, they have food, too.
The frozen hot chocolate is definitely well worth the long wait.  It is cold, just sweet enough, and the perfect drink on a hot day in Vegas.  . . This place also has the best mojito ever! I remembered having it the first time and it was good but wasn't sire if my memory was playing tricks on me.  I had it again, and yep, I was right - best mojito ever.  Someone in the group had it and said the same thing.  . . The food was pretty decent.  The steak sandwich is huge and probably meant for 2 people.  The casper pizza was light and flavorful.  It comes with no sauce but it was flavorful enough where you don't need it.  . . It's probably better to eat in the restaurant because the line for take out was so long and there is no ac.  . . Definitely a must have for Vegas!
Frozen hot chocolate and summer in Vegas? Now is that a good combo or what? We sat at the bar and were served straight away. The drinks are big enough to share and even though we came in right at closing time we weren't turned away. It's not NYC...but when I'm in Vegas I'm stopping here.
It's fun, good, and BIG... so bring your appetite.. . Serendipity is perfect for sharing and has a very fun dining environment.  Seriously, from the decor, to the menu, to the food... everything is just completely oversized.  It's pink, white, and extremely playful so it's definitely worth visiting for those who have children, especially little girls; my daughter loves this place;)  . . The prices are a reflection of the portions you get, so you don't feel ripped off.  I would highly recommend coming with a large group so that you can all share and get a nice selection.  Majority of the food are all American trademarks- hotdogs, hamburgers, sandwiches, nachos, but with a serendipity twist.  Don't forget the frozen hot chocolate!  Its exactly as it sounds.  A "frozen" (extra cold) hot chocolate topped with whip cream!  Like the other dishes its also oversized and a tad bit too sweet for my buds.  I shared it with three other adults and still had some left over, but my 7 y/o didn't have much trouble having one to herself! :) . . This place gets pretty packed cause a lot of tourists make it a point to stop by.  Night or day, every time I went I always had to wait a little.  They have a to-go area so that's nice if you just want to satisfy your sweet tooth real quick.  There's plenty of seating outside so those who order from the little window are not without somewhere to sit.. . =].
Serendipity is one of those "must try" places. With all the hype, I was hoping to be absolutely in love with the Frozen Hot Chocolate but it was JUST OKAY. I mean, yeah it was yummy but nothing over-the-top-spectacular. It's basically a glorified chocolate milk shake, a third of which is whipped cream. It runs for about $10 which is a bit pricey but it's worth trying once. The only thing that really stood out for me was that it wasn't overly sweet which was nice. I could actually sip and enjoy it without having to gulp down a glass of water.. . Although, Serendipity is well-known for their desserts, they also have an extensive menu of appetizers and entrees. The food actually looks really delicious! I really want to come back and try the food next time.
O V E R R A T E D but amazing delicious.. . If you must eat here, TAKE IT TO-GO! You'll save so much time plus the outdoor seating if much better.
I stopped by specifically for the Frozen Hot Chocolate. It was ok, but not knock-your-socks-off good. It wasn't as sweet as it looks and had decent chocolate flavor, but that's about it. It tasted like a blended hot cholocate/cholocate milk covering in whipped cream. Overall, it's not worth the price. This sucker is expensive, even for Vegas. I don't need to get it again.
Good frozen hot chocolate. :o)
Quickly: Frozen hot chocolate is a win. At 10-14 dollars it's steep but worth an occasional splurge.. . More:  We stopped here to cap off our meal at Spago http://www.yelp.com/biz/spago-las-vegas-2#hrid:fnMeCX9y6jfJLnBBHGt6Gg.  Heard about Frozen hot chocolate and shared a large $14 between the 4 of us.  My three girlfriends enjoyed it as did I.  I don't usually like sweets but this one makes that hot chocolate flavor in a cool refreshing style that really worked on me.. . We studied the whole menu, trying to decide to have lunch here or not and honestly, nothing appeared to draw us in for value.  Crab Cake Eggs Benedict for $26?  Could get a buffet for about $30 or even a reasonable priced steak.  Most of the food was hot dogs, donuts and the like for brunch.  A place to eat for fun, burn off some cash and just enjoy the hype.
Likes: chicken nachos and salsa and guac. . Dislikes: the food was good but I think it's kind of overrated.  maybe I didn't order the right thing?. Also, THE WAIT.  the first time we were probably sitting too far away to hear them call our name, so they gave our table away to another group and we had to wait another 45 minutes. but after that another hour no one called us so we went to check and turns out they forgot to put us back on the list.  needless to say, we were seated outside and saw lots of free tables so why the long wait?
Everything about this place is mediocre.  The service was just OK, the food was just OK, the setting was a little on the whimsical side...so just OK.  I did like the patio - people watching on Las Vegas Boulevard is always a trip - and I hear the desserts are awesome, but I was too full to try them.  To be honest, I've always wanted to hit the one in NYC up but haven't had a chance; I'm not sure this second location has the same charm as the original, but maybe someday I will find out.
I visited Serendipity 3 for dinner and because people raved about their infamous frozen hot chocolate. I'll start with the positives. The service was the best we've ever had! Our server, Jason was amazing and so attentive. I also loved the atmosphere with its chic decor and great music. However, other than the delicious frozen hot chocolate, the food was mediocre at best. In fact, the soup was pretty bad and I do not recommend getting the omelet or the sweet potato fries. If you're just looking for a good dessert it's a great place to go, but I'd recommend trying another spot for an actual meal.
Mediocre. Food is ok, but hit or miss. Seasonings are either very sweet, salty, or spicy, but not much other flavor. Desserts are really sweet. Service is inattentive.  Be aware, they serve a brunch menu until 2pm. Lunch menu after that.
Hm. Yeah. No. . . I dreamed about having frozen hot chocolate since I learned about the original Serendipity in NYC from I think a Babysitters Club Book back in the day. The $1k gold sundae is on every desserts show on those food channels. . . But alas, I agree with fellow Yelpers. Overrated. . . Went with husband for late night eats and sweets. He got spaghetti and meatballs, I got a tomato salad. (Strange sounding to eat late night but the craving hit and we were going to meet up with people nearby later so it was convenient.). . The spaghetti, al dente yes but the sauce not flavorful. Needed more. The meatballs were tender. . . The tomato salad....heirloom tomatoes or not, looked like 5 enormous chopped up tomatoes, blobbed with wet, sloppy buratta. (Well the menu DID warn me it was "wet burrata". Sea salt sprinkled on some pieces...others featured brown, shriveled basil strips. Dressing was nice. The first three bites was good...but the gloppy mess made me I'll just looking at it. . . The somewhat indifferent server  came to pick up our plates and even cried out "what happened??" pointing to our still 75% not eaten dishes. . . The frozen hot chocolate is such a gimmicky joke. Overly sweet, ice chunks, too much whipped cream mess. $10 could be spent on better desserts. . . Bottom Line: Disappointing, but the stars go to the experience of finally going after all these years.
Tried the frozen hot chocolate because people said its good and must try.  Tasted like a very rich chocolate shake.  Not worth spending 10 dollars for it but thats me.  Guess you need to try it for yourself and see.
The original one is still better! Their hot frrrozen chocolate is smaller than the one in NYC. Food was expensive and it was only okay. Hard to get a table even if there's are tons available. Weird right? It sucks to wait, especially in the Vegas hotness.. . I wouldn't go back but I have a coupon, free hot frrozen chocolate with an entree order. I'll go the next time I'm in Vegas (next 2 weekends!) lol.
Kind of disappointing, considering the original in NYC gives more for the same price. The frozen hot chocolate which is what they are known for is about half the size of what they give you in NY.  The quality of food is decent but not comparable to the NYC counterpart.   . . The ambience is also very different than the quaint charming NYC Serendipity.
Meh.. . The +'s:. + Great outdoor sidewalk cafe with plenty of shade to kill that relentless heat. + Great people watching for those crossing Caesar's Palace. + Great for large groups but place can get crowded at peak times. Consider reservations.. + Plenty of brunch choices which is meal I sat for: chicken and waffles, steak strip sandwich, omelettes, french toast, pancakes bigger than your head and etc.. + French toast decent. Decadent and huge portions. . + Portions are greatto be shared. Think massive caloric portions like Cheesecake Factory. Gross! Best to be shared than downed alone.. + Great home fries.. . The -'s:. - Portions are gargantuan! Hello server who served 12 girls. Did you not see we were all petite?? It would have been a better tip for you if you had just suggested that the portions were huge. None of us finished our meals and we can all eat but come on! The food portions were ridiculous and we could have shared. And no we did not know the portions were huge because more none of the patrons are from Vegas!!!!. - We were asked to wait nearly 45 minutes until another server could arrive because our party was too large to serve! And this was after we had called for reservations in advance and were told that we would have no problem being seated at 10am. Get your story straight.. - 10 oz. sirloin steak sandwich for $20. I saw mostly French baguette rather than steak. . - Frozen hot chocolate. It's just hot chocolate that has sat in the freezer. Or hot chocolate over ice. Not memorable. Pass.
We split a regular frozen hot chocolate and a strawberry supreme (I found it almost a little too sweet.). . Maybe it was my sky high expectations of the place having always wanted to try Serendipity but it was just okay. Good but okay. Over-priced but good.. Long wait but hey, it's in that kind of location.. They did however take forever to make the strawberry supreme making drinks for several people who had ordered after me while mine sat in the blender.. . That was a little annoying but honestly it won't stop me from going back and trying the restaurant in the future.
We got the frozen hot chocolate, single size and shared it. It was enough for both of us! We didn't sit inside, we opted for the quick-order window. Line was a little long, and it took a bit longer than I thought to get our frozen hot chocolate. . Anyhow, Serendipity is one of those places that you just have to go to and try. There's a big buzz behind the frozen hot chocolate, but honestly it's not all that great. To me, it reminds me of those chocolate blast drinks from baskins robbins. That why I would say share one with your friends. Don't want you to get your hopes us. It's just chocolate mixed with ice and a little milk.
Like everyone else says, Frozen Hot Chocolate is the way to go. The food itself is decent, big portions too. But man, that frozen hot chocolate carried this place by far
We all went for breakfast on Friday morning... arrived at 8:30AM. We were seated right away. Since I stayed at the Paris for a couple nights (and Caesars is in the same family)... I had a coupon for a free frozen hot chocolate.. . Our waitress was okay. We also had a male server who took our actual food order. I had the french toast log. A HUGE piece of french toast (log shape lol)... two eggs over medium, too many strips of bacon lol, fresh fruit with whipped cream (raspberries, blackberries, and blueberries), and potatoes. It was HUGE. Who eats that much?!?!?!! I ate a couple bites of everything and it was okay, nothing special... but the potatoes I really liked. It had a little kick to it, as if it was tossed in pepper or something?? I dunno it was good. Everything else was regular breakfast food. $18 for that plate! The frozen hot chocolate was YUMMY!!! Kinda reminded me of a blended milkshake with ice. Good though. . . Service was super slow and it wasn't even that busy. It started to pick up after we arrived. The restaurant is small and cute. . . Not bad... not that great tho....
I really don't get all the fuss about the frozen hot chocolate here. It is very mediocre IMO. However, the food I got here was great. Went with a friend and we split the heirloom tomato salad with burrata and some sweet potato fries. They were both very good. In fact, that tomato salad is something I will be craving from now on. I wanted to go back and have it again, but didn't have time on this trip. The frozen hot chocolate may as well have been a Bob's Big Boy Chocolate shake, it tasted about the same.
All glamour and hype. Once you take a step back and look at what this place is, you'll see that it's nothing more than a spiffed up diner. The food and service aren't that great and while the frozen hot chocolate is a fun and interesting drink, it isn't enough to make me want to go back.. . Overall, it's worth a try if you've never been but if you can't stand the gimmicky, flashy, fake socialite scene, then I would advise you to stay away.. . Recommendation: Share the frozen hot chocolate
Came here to try the frozen hot chocolate..... that's all I wanted to try so I didn't want to get a seat inside.  Instead, we opted to just go to the window thinking it would be quicker than to wait for a table, but I was wrong.  There must have been less than 8 people in front of the to-go order window, and it took 20+ minutes to ORDER.  I have no idea what took so long to take people's order, but then you wait AGAIN to actually pick up your order.. . Now, the frozen hot chocolate... it was good.  $10 good for a regular size? NO WAY.  Definitely overpriced
Yum, Yum, Yum! While the frozen hot chocolate was made famous by the three entrepreneurs and their original Serendipity 3 on the Upper East Side in NYC. This store is just as delicious, but less busy than the original NYC Store, so you can get the experience without the wait.. . The frozen hot chocolate is definitely delicious, but it's a treat at $10 for the single and $16 for the "double to share" --- but it's better than a sundae, in my opinion!. . It has been around the original store since 1954, but made famous by several movies set in NYC (the movie of the same name is most easily recalled with John Cusack and Kate Beckinsdale).. . Bring your credit card, as a sandwich and a hot chocolate will cost you nearly $30 ... it's a fun experience and you can say you've done it!
The frozen hot chocolate was good but too pricey for what it was.
one of those had to try places just because it's "famous". . in short, can cross off my list... . doubt i'll come back and wait over an hour for mediocre food.. . not horrible but not amazing either.
Gave it 3 stars cause I'm not opposed to going there... but it's not a MUST when I'm in Vegas.  The MUST - DO list is super long and Serendipity doesn't make the list.. . However.... . I do enjoy the frozen hot chocolate (oreo or regular) ... my nephew calls the oreo flavor 'Heaven in Vegas' HAHA.. funny kid!. . The food is decent.  I like the spinach omelet and the sweet potato fries.. . But if you are just craving the frozen hot choc, there is a togo window out front because the restaurant typically has a wait.  Ifyou are staying at Caesar's ... the best thing to do is send someone down to put your name in cause the wait is typically 30 min or more.
I waited 45 minutes for my $14 Frozen Hot Chocolate this past weekend and I'm sad to say that although it was delicious it just wasn't worth the $14. I mean the regular entrees cost $14 so how can I justify paying $14 for a cup of chocolate slush?! The food was pretty good on the other hand. I ordered the chorizo and my bf ordered the hangover omelet. I loved the omelet the most and the potatoes on the side was  crispy and flavorful. I'll definitely come back for this! I wanted to order the Mr. Reuben sandwich but unfortunately they don't serve the lunch menu until 2pm? Ugh...who eats lunch at 2pm?!
3.5 stars, pretty good service and food, but overpriced. Portions are pretty big, so pace yourself. Shared margarita pizza, cheesecake and chocolachino. yummy, but oh boy did we suffer afterwards.
The frozen hot chocolate was very good! I had the meatball parmesan pizza which was ok. My hubbie had the mac n cheese which was very good but super rich. All in all, pretty good but expensive for what you are getting.
Waited half an hour I think... for a party of 5 (NOT BAD) for frozen hot chocolate. Wanted to see what the hype was about... Never had frozen hot chocolate nor been to Serendipity for that matter, so it was a must try when I went to Vega$$$. We already ate some Secret Pizza for dinner beforehand, so I wasn't all that hungry. My other two friends had some kind of sandwich (it was HUGE btw) with sunny side up eggs, bacon and some sort of meat in between. They said it had no taste and wasn't good which was surprising to me 'cause I love sunny side up eggs and bacon hahah. We sat at the bar and for some reason our waiter gave us a complimentary order of onion rings. He never really stated why. I assume, extra/wrong order? But whatevz, it was sooo bomb. Super crispy and flavorful. . . As for the frozen hot chocolate, it was mediocre and kinda tasted like a chocolate shake but not as thick. but it was way too big for me to finish on my own, so I had to share amongst my friends. Don't think I LOVE(d) it, but it was good. But if we had waited an hour for that, I don't think it'd be worth it. Unless I'm actually sitting down to eat as well. The food seems decent. But there's also mixed reviews on them. The vodka ravioli looks yummy. Wonder if that's any good...and the other desserts sounded so yummy as well. Will def come back to try if the wait isn't long. Or else I'll just hit up the take-out window. . . The place is cutesy and the food seems to come in big portions but I'll def have to come back in order to like it more. All the hype kinda killed it for me, imo.. . 3/5. Next time around I hope to bump it up to a 4 :o)
A bit overrated.  The frozen hot chocolate was good.  A lot like a Wendy's frosty.  The chocolate gelato at the Rio buffet had the same flavor profile and at $14 for a large frozen hot chocolate, I'd say do the buffet. The $9 Kobe beef sliders were delicious, but for 3 the size of a silver dollar... Yup.  Worth it.  The fries were tasty, very flavorful.  $7+ for a large.  The bacon cheese jalapeno pretSel was great, lasted a long time and had a lot of flavor. Basically, 3 of us had a bitty snack for $40.  We should have gone to burger king but it was another place off the checklist.
Sucked in by the need to experience the frozen hot chocolate, we ended up eating here because we failed to plan ahead with reservations for anywhere else. The food was your typical diner fare, which was pretty tasty. The onion rings were really good actually. And the frozen hot chocolate? I guess it was as good as one could expect. It was HUGE! Four of us girls shared one and we couldn't finish it. But then again, we had just eaten tons of food and about 4 drinks, so we could have been stuffed. The place was pricey, but, it's a tourist trap in Vegas... so it is to be expected. I'm glad I finally experienced the legend that is Serendipity. If I make it to NY, I will try the original!
Go for the desserts, not the food.. . Ended up having lunch here since it was right in front of Caesar's.. . The frozen hot chocolate was extremely tasty and extremely large. We ended up sharing a single between two people. This is really what you go for (and the banana split the next table ordered was both monstrous and looked delicious).... . The food was mediocre at best. The mac & cheese was really light on flavor, and the burger & fries was extremely dry. Had to drink a few glasses of water to get through it.. . It was kind of nice to go to say I've been, but will definitely be passing on any future trips.
I'm on the fence about this place, especially since I woke up after sleeping a few hours to essentially forcefully and unpleasantly "losing" my digestive contents. The link is to be determined as my other party members were ok.. . The wait for non-reservations was an hour to an hour and a half, steady, and that was at 9 PM. We made a reservation in advance, but they jotted us down for two instead of four. They corrected it quickly and sat our party efficiently. . . Our waiter started off as nice. He brought waters without our asking and came by timely the get our order. Then when we weren't ready and told him, a few more minutes, he multiplied that by a factor of three.. . My boyfriend and I had the chicken pot pie and sweet potato fries. My friend had pasta and a frozen hot white chocolate milk. His girlfriend got a chicken salad. Instead they brought her a crab cake salad. She had to go through the hostess to get the waiter as he essentially disappeared. He argued with her about what she ordered then took it back and brought the correct dish about five plus minutes later. They never brought her a new fork and since service was so evasive, it was hard to flag anybody. I gave her mine.. . The food was mixed. The frozen hot chocolate tasted good, but boy are those expensive. My friends girlfriend said the chicken didn't taste right. The pot pie was good. The fries were sweet but got cold very quickly.  I don't know if the pot pie made me ill or not. . . The waiter came by and asked if we wanted dessert menus. We said sure and I told him I didn't like the fries. He asked if I wanted something different. I said no and he said he'd remove them from the bill.. . About ten minutes plus goes by. He comes back to our table and asks us if we want to see the dessert menus. My friends girlfriend says he asked that fifteen minutes ago but never brought them. He rolled his eyes and gave us our check.  He rung up our cards quickly and we got out of there.. . The breakdown:. Food: 2.5 stars. Service: 2.5 stars. Atmosphere: 4 stars
Pretty nice place. A good escape from the sun. The chocolate shake we had was quite good.
IF you want to indulge in desserts, then come to Serendipity 3 for indulgence, but if you want some legit LV food and not willing to spend the big bucks then keep looking. If you do want some food, then try the caesar salad. For someone who isn't a big fan of salads in the first place, their CHICKEN CAESAR SALAD IS THE BOMB. ok it's delish, the only salad I'll voluntarily eat.  Also the frozen hot chocolate is all the rage, also the $1000 sundae, try if you dare.
Of course, we had to go to Serendipity 3. (As my friend pointed out, they always said, "Welcome to Serendipity 3!") It was a cold, windy night in Vegas, but we still wanted to try their signature Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. We decided to sit outside, because it was really cramped inside--our 15 minute wait lasted for 2 minutes. Outside they have two types of heaters--these giant industrial flat heaters and the flaming towers of fire. Pick the flat heaters--they're stronger and provide wider heat.. . Mint Frrrozen Hot Chocolate- 3-stars- I've always been a fan of mint chocolate, ever since eating a failed mint chocolate cookie in New York City (not related to Serendipity), but I've always been undecided with hot chocolate flavors. So now, I get mint chocolate whenever I see it--to understand the subtle differences each version makes. This huge cup/bowl is covered with whipped cream. It has a rich chocolate flavor, but the mint is very light. The dish on the bottom acting like a reservoir is very helpful, because you'll find chocolate seeping over the edges constantly. It was very busy, as the waiter told us about three times, while we waited for our hot chocolates--he said the blenders were working as fast as possible. It was funny, since we ended up waiting about as long as we were told to wait for a table. Still, with all things considered, I don't know if the final product was worth the cost.. . Ambiance- Being on the Strip, being able to sit above people and look down on them, that's grand. Sitting at night, with a mixture of 40-degree wind and flaming towers, with the lights of Vegas in the background--priceless. The decor and look of the place is great. I really wanted the lounge corner with all the pillows and seats under those great big heaters.. . Service- Seemed a little disappointed we only ordered frozen hot chocolate, but those babies are not cheap either. My friend got the Espresso, asking for beans, but they said the beans are included in that one--but when she got it, they said they just ran out of beans. Sadness for her. Still, it wasn't too late--about 8 p.m. So they still had a few more hours, and with the popularity of coffee, I assume a lot more espresso orders. So that's a little weird.. . Conclusion- Go for the notoriety and bragging rights to say, "I went to Serendipity 3!" Go ahead and get the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, any season since they got good heaters--especially if you're a chocolate lover. But be aware of the popularity, the wait, and time you'll take for your frozen treat. Hey, at least you can look at people on the Strip and when they back you can wave at them! I'm above you! Yay!
After seeing this place on Travel Channel, I was too excited to try it. It was all I could talk about. We went in and paid the ridiculous $15 for each ice cream. We got the deep fried oreo sundae and the carrot cake sundae. I was a bit disappointed. It is sad to say that I could've made it at home. I did not like the deep fried oreos. Although it is a super cute place, they made us wait at least an hour. Next time I go, I will get the to go frozen hot chocolate. eeeee.
My friend was set on eating at this place. Claimed the Prosciutto sandwich was to die for and she had to have it again. *shrug*  Okay. I'm always up for anything new to experience (eat). . . It was pretty crowded which is imeediately a downer for me. But we managed to snag three spots at the bar just as a couple was leaving so we didn't have to wait for a table. The decor is really cute in a sugary, Alice in Candyland sort of way. I was told they are known for their frrrozen hot chocolates, but I needed actual food first, so I settled on a brie cheese sandwich minus the raisin pumpernickel bread. They switched out my bread with batting an eye.  . . While we waited for food, the bartender entertained me in the best way possible. With alcohol. And I got to watch everybody elses alcohol and hot chocolate creations being made. I tried a cotton candy martini just because it sounds cute and he said there is actual cotton candy in it. Cool! I picked the apple flavor and He shoved a big chunk of cotton candy in the glass. Cute! But it just melt away as soon as the alcohol hits it and it tasted just like an oversweet apple martini. Meh. I guess I thought it would be pink, have cotton candy magically floating in it and taste like cotton candy. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=SDqnof-g7auFCdvv4TzNPg. . I then proceeded onto mojitos and belvedere martinis. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=u49kgihuTOVAORu-j4bakw. . Food arrives and friend #2 is disappointed with her Margharita pizza because it wasnt really like a Margharita. No buffalo mozz, no whole tomatoes, no basil. See for youself:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=oqCPQOLiTvnD6IX7PRhH5A. . My Brie Cheese sandwich was good. Nothing special, but good. Could have used more cranberry flavor or more cheese. The sweet potato fries were good because they were nice and crispy. I often get soggy sweet potato fries. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=exjNtQdkh8ziQj4-3c0IDQ. . Sweet Potato Fries: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=dHlXKJT13yfGjWVJRaquqg. . The best was the High Heel Prosciutto sandwich. THis really WAS good. Prosciutto, tomatoes, buffalo mozz, balsamic and pesto on a toasted garlic bread roll.  Definitely the best of our bunch. Worth $17? No.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eoHdUeQDNgQ6WYEnP2aiRw?select=B-xHxG4KOPyuGfB477u8dA. . Now we are too full of food and alcohol to even think about the damn desserts. So we did not partake. Cute experience? Yes. Would I come back? Nah. Not even for the frozen hot chocolate. I saw them make so many frozen hot chocolates and smores hot chocolates and sundaes, I feel like I had my fill.
I had seen Serendipity 3 for a long time in front of Caesar's Palace, but wasn't sure about going in. My wife tried to talk me into going for a long time now, so I finally gave in. We went for brunch. They have different menus for brunch, lunch and dinner. Upon entering I got the feel of an old time soda fountain. They do seem to have a lot of ice cream items on the menu at all times of the day. We were taken care of quickly after being seated. Our server was friendly and kept checking on us just about the time we needed something.. . I got a plate of extreme nachos. They were very good. They had just the right amount of beef and cheese. Next time I might ask for more Pico Da Gallo. My wife ordered the french toast log. That is just what it was. If you get the french toast log, make sure you have two or three friends who would like to share with you. It looked about an inch thick, three inches wide and about eight inches long. I tried the potato wedges that came with it and loved them. I had a hint of herbs and a nice crunch from the skins.. . Yes they have a big dessert menu, but we were just too full to try anything. Maybe next time.
Take a friend and split an entree.  I had a loaf of bread on my French toast entree.  It was pretty good but it seemed a bit dry.  I guess there's no easy way to batter a loaf of bread.
A-OK.  I had high expectations for this place, why did you have to let me down?!  I ordered a chilli cheese hot dog, ehh, i think it is something anyone can make and the chilli was not even that good.  The bread was good though, tasted like it was freshly baked and had that lightly toasted texture.  . . Ordered a giant breakfast after a night of drinking- everything should taste good right?  But I felt it was just average for a pricey breakfast.  . . Basically nothing special about their food, but they are big portions and can be shared with 2 people.  So, in a way you are paying for what you get- half the price for half the taste quality.. . Also tried the original frozen hot chocolate-it's good, no doubt, but for $11, I can make this or get it cheaper elsewhere.  Sounds fancy, but really it's just a frozen chocolate drink! That's it!  . . Tried the frozen green tea hot chocolate-bad idea!  Too sweet and tastes nothing like green tea.  Artificial.  Overpriced.  Nothing special.
Good cookie dough ice cream. My friends and I arrived too close to closing so we weren't allowed to come inside, but there was a to go window outside where we could order snacks, so that was a decent enough compromise. It was a little cold out for eating ice cream but there  was a tent nearby with heaters so we did okay sitting outside. . . I'd come back, definitely during working hours. ;)
eh.... . it's a good place to take your date.  especially if they're a big fan of the john cusack/kate beckinsale chick flick 'Serendipity'.. . Sure this is the LV branch of the famous NY spot, but it's much closer (for west coasters) if you're just looking to see what the hype is all about.. . And oh was it all hype.... . the food is just okay.  large, fatty portions of bar/grill/denny's type foods.  The 'hangover' omelet appealed to me in my hung over state and something about cheddar+fries+eggs+bacon screamsout to me.  All-in-all it was okay, I fed much of my fries to the hungry birds that visited us on the patio.  They were stoked.. . Speaking of the patio...that was one of the best parts of experience here.  If you're one of the lucky few that gets a seat in the rear patio, you basically can people-watch all the craziness of the LV strip all while looking down on the passerbys.  fun stuff.. . The wait was about an hour for two.. . The super hyped 'frozen hot chocolate' was okay.  Basically an $11 glass of ice-blended chocolate milk.  Think mocha frap. from starbucks.  Whipped cream made up more than 50% of the whole dessert.  I didn't hate it.  Just nothing earth shattering here.
First off, the frozen Hot Chocolate is overrated, so don't go in expecting to be blown away. I found the other selections to taste better overall. I ordered the NY steak sandwich, and saw that this bad boy was $21. $21 for a sandwich?! This better be ginormous. It was. I had to tilt my plate to be able to give my friends room to eat. It contains a whole 10 ounce steak, with fried egg, bacon on a whole loaf of bread. This place is packed also during lunch hours so you may want to try and hit it up during off hours so u can avoid the crowd.
Came here for lunch, but because of the 1+ hour wait, it became a late lunch. This was only for a party of 2 too (myself and boyfriend)! But things got better when we are guided to our outdoor table by a friendly waitress which immediately took our drink orders and brought us each a glass of water even when we didn't ask. We had a table outside right along the strip so it was quite a nice view; although, it was still a bit chilly even when they have some outdoor heaters, it wasn't quite warm enough.. . I know their frozen hot chocolate is their signature thing, but since I had tried it before at NY and didn't really think it was that special, I decided to pass this time. Instead, I ordered their chocolate french toast and my boyfriend ordered the One and Only Vegas Strip Sandwich. They have two separate menus (brunch and diner) the regular diner menu doesn't begin until 2PM so if you want more of an entree type of food, wait until then. . It took awhile for the food to arrive and when it came, I wasn't surprise at the portion of the plates. The sandwich stretched for miles and the french toast was a mountain high. Definitely be cautious of the big portion and plan to share, too much of one plate gets boring. The food was good, I enjoyed my french toast, but it was too much chocolate for me to handle so after a slice and a half. I had to call it quits and packed the rest to go (which I didn't even tried to finish).. . Over all, it was a decent experience, but I can't really make up my mind if it was worth the long wait. I'm on the fence, but you should try it to judge for yourself.
For a quick bite of over priced comfort  food, this is the place !! It's like applebees with linen napkins and fancy plates!! Tasty but not nothing special! The standouts were nachos!! Left with a full tummy!! But save your money and go to applebees!! Or if local take your out of town friends and have them pick up the check !! Lol thank you Caesar !!!
Definitely a much nicer looking Serendipity than the one in NYC. Cleaner, better decor, and a larger open space with more tables. We had to call ahead to make reservations for our group of 13. They take down your credit card and if you're late, they'll charge you a $25 fee. Eh no likey, but I suppose it works considering how busy they always are. We were 5 minutes early, and still ended up having to wait 25 minutes to get seated. So what was the point of reservations right?. . Anyhow...since I knew the food would take forever and a day to come out, I started right off with dessert instead - FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE...yummmmm...tasted just as good as when I first had it back in NY. I slurped that thing up within minutes and boy did it satisfy my sweet tooth. The whip cream even hit the spot!. . Brunch, however, is something that I would not come back for. Overpriced breakfast/lunch items that weren't even that tasty. I had the corned beef and potatoes with over easy eggs. I like corn beef hash much better and was actually disappointed when it came out with just the meat itself. Average I must say, nothing to rave about.. . The BF had the Fried Egg Benedict...another no-no. Wasn't feeling the gravy sauce, maybe because we were expecting some type of the the usual hollandaise sauce that egg benedicts normally comes with. The fried egg itself was dry and tasteless. It came with two benedicts, but he only ate one...tells you something about the food right?. . Overall...food was mehhh...not something I would ever come back for. BUT I would absolutely come back for another frozen hot chocolate though!
My friends and I came here for what we hoped would be a quick lunch.  Although I did not try their frozen hot chocolate (which they are apparently known for), my friend ordered it and it did look delicious.  I split the crab cake burger, which came with sweet potato fries, with a friend and I enjoyed it.  Unfortunately we did have to wait awhile for our food.... This place is pretty pricey but it is worth trying out at least once.  Next time I go here, I do look forward to trying their frozen hot chocolates.
My friends and I stopped in for lunch since it was the first thing we saw while walking on the strip. Overall, the food was pretty average. My "hangover omlette" was massive and plain so I had to douse the whole thing with ALOT of hot sauce. The only thing that was over the top was their signature frozen hot chocolate. The prices are pretty high but it the portions compensated for it. You can most definitely share with another person. I will not be coming back for their food but for their desserts.
We walked in 30 mins before they close on a slow Monday night so I'm sure I'm missing out on their vibrant busy scene. . I love the colors and the location of this cafe, you don't need to walk a mile to get inside Casesers Palace. They have heat lamps outside for those of you who enjoys sitting outdoor. . . We ordered the two person size Oreo frozen hot chocolate for $15. It is refreshing and delicious without being overly sweet (consider the mount of whipped cream on top). I still don't get the "hot" part but for a desert, it is very satisfying!. . Perfect for any group!
This was the last place that I ate at in Las Vegas before my flight home. After a weekend of endless walking, buffets, and sight-seeing, I was ready to end my Vegas trip with a simple, light lunch. Even though this place was probably one of the cheapest places that I ate at in Vegas, the experience wasn't worth this price.. . We arrived at Serendipity 3 around noon and it was packed outside and inside. Choosing to sit inside, we got immediate seating. However, no server came to us at all for the first 15 minutes. Needing to catch a flight within 2 hours, I flagged down any random waitress nearby to take down our orders. She was incredibly polite and apologetic for our long wait (it took 30 minutes for our food to come out). I appreciated that she made a great effort to make sure we were satisfied with our experience. My boyfriend and Ihad a coupon that allowed us to get a free frozen hot chocolate as long as we ordered an entree. He ordered an "A.B.C." burger (avocado, brie, and caramelized onions) with steak as the meat (the other option is chicken) and his choice of steak fries for the side; I ordered a mac and cheese. Our total came out to be roughly $33 (without tip), which is unfortunately as cheap as it's going to get for a simple meal in Vegas (unless you choose something from Chinatown or McDonalds).. . A.B.C. Burger + Steak Fries. I normally would never touch steak or any other beef item, but wow this burger was delicious. I had a nibble of my boyfriend's medium rare steak topped with melted brie and fresh avocado and loved the combination of A, B, & C in this burger. However, I'd say the BEST thing I ate for this lunch was the steak fries. They were meaty yet crunchy and salty but not thirst-inducing. I don't even know how to describe how wonderful the steak fries were. My boyfriend describes these fries as the best he ever had (next to the fries that he ate on one of his Celebrity cruise line cruises, which tasted incredibly similar). . . Mac & Cheese. I don't know how or why Las Vegas activated my cheese addiction, but I couldn't resist ordering this simple comfort-food staple. The macaroni used for this dish was perfect: large tender shells that held the fluid, creamy cheese and slightly crusted on top. The metal pot that the mac and cheese was served in looked small, but, to my own surprise, this was the first time I didn't finish a cheese dish! I wish i had though (just writing about it right now is making my mouth water)! . . Frozen Hot Chocolate. I was somewhat amused by the oxymoron in the name when I first heard about Serendipity's famous trademarked dessert. Contrary to its name, this dessert isn't actually frozen. But it truly is somewhat of a contradiction. It's frozen enough to be eaten with a spoon but melted enough to be drunk with a straw; it's cold enough to enjoy as a dessert but warm enough to enjoy as a sweet, creamy smoothie. My boyfriend claimed this dessert for himself, and even though it couldn't beat out the steak fries for best part of our meal, it came incredibly close. It's definitely a must-try if you're anywhere near Caesar's Palace and crave a unique dessert!
Get the frozen hot chocolate! The frozen hot chocolate, the coffee or mocha one is AMAZING! It was so good. The white chocolate one is not as good and very sweet. We had to wait for quite awhile for a table during lunch time. We were able to wait outside but luckily it wasn't a cold day otherwise we would have been freezing. . . The food is okay here, not amazing but definitely get the frozen hot chocolate!
Uh what can I say about Serendipity 3? Well the workers are friendly. The dessert? Well, nothing to write home about. It is located right in front of the Caesars Palace. Park at their garage, or valet park the car. No parking in front of establishment.
I tried Serendipity twice and both times I thought the frozen hot chocolate was just average. . . It was most likely overhyped which caused these unattainable expectations in my head. With all the hype surrounding it  I thought they might have used some crazy liquid nitrogen machine to give it some crazy textures and bring out different flavors in the chocolate.. . No, it's just a very sweet milkshake which is dressed up with whip cream and chocolate shavings. It tastes good, very sweet and basically is what you expect after reading the ingredients and the preparation process.. . I'd give it a 2.5 after all is said and done, and bump it to a 3 for location. Caesar's palace can be quite the adventure, I'm glad Serendipity is right int he front and easy to find.
Ok.  So I went to Serendipity 3 this past Sunday...  I swear I walked out with diabetes.  . . It was Superbowl Sunday and after the game when my wife and I arrived.  The place was not all that busy and I'd say that maybe 1/2 to 2/3 of the tables were full.  I found it odd that even with empty tables they made us wait for a seat.. . My wife and I went with the "legendary" ($11) Frrrrrozen Peanut Butter Hot Chocolate and the ($15) Fried Oreo Sundae.. . If I ever come to Serendipity again I'll definitely pass on the Frrrrrozen Hot Chocolate.  It was ok but I found it to be a little ho-hum.  And I'd rather apply that $11 to something else on the menu.. . As for the Fried Oreo Sundae... That - that, I would get again.  What a decadent dessert!  It really is hard to beat cookies-n-cream ice cream, marshmallow cream, and whip cream.  Then throw on five fried Oreos.  Holy hell!  I could eat a plate of those.  . . Over all this place was pretty good, and the service ok.  I just found it painful to pay so much for seemingly simple desserts.
Didn't really try any of the food, just the desserts. This place has good desserts but a lot of it is definitely hyped up. I guess one of the things you need to try is the Frozen Hot Chocolate but it's really not that special. It's basically a hot chocolate powder, milk and blended with ice. I mostly enjoyed the deep fried Oreos which were pretty awesome. Having been here twice, I will most likely not return. Max Brenner's inside the Forum Shops is way better.
My girlfriend and I had to stop here on our trip to Vegas because we had seen the place on an animal planet show called "Tanked" They supposedly had a really cool fish tank that is a gumball machine. Unfortunately it was not to be found. . . The food was awesome. The mac and cheese was so good. My girlfriend got a really good turkey sandwich. . . We got the frozen hot chocolate. It was good but I would probably just call it tasty chocolate milk, nothing to really rave about. . . My girlfriend ordered a cotton candy martini which was so cool. They poured the martini into the glass that had the cotton candy in it. The cotton candy disintegrated and turned the drink blue. It was incredibly tasty.
What can I say, each time I'm here there's always a wait. But that'spretty much all the negative I have about the place.  . . The food here comes in large portions that even someone like me will have a hard time finishing.  I ordered the strawberry milkshake and the spicy penne pasta with huge uncut prosciutto and mozzarella laid over the top, and my gf ordered the wood grilled salmon item (I think it's the only salmon featured item in the menu). . . So now it's been three days and I can't stop thinking about the milkshake. The pasta on the other hand was so much that I couldn't even try to finish half of it after sharing a caesar salad with my gf.  I didn't think much of the salmon but my gf ended up finishing her meal completely.. . The biggest thing to take note of this place is that food comes in larger than expected portions. It's a good thing, but dangerous when eat your entire meal and you realized you have to talk two Vegas blocks back to your hotel.
Myself and a friend were in Vegas  2/12/12 through 2/16/12. On Tuesday the 14th we decided to have breakfast at Serendipity. I had the eggs benedict which was fantastic. Everything went as it should for that visit and left me thinking that I would like to come back before we leave town.. On Thursday the 16th we went back to Serendipity to have breakfast. From the start this visit was less than acceptable. Upon our arrival the hostess and another female employee were talking at the hostess counter. We walked in and I said good morning after it was apparent that they were going to finish their conversation before greeting or seating us. Once we got seated it was near ten (10) min. before the waiter Kevin made his way to our table. He appeared to be professional on the surface. He took our drink orders and went to get them. I had coffee and my friend had water. Another five (5) min. passed then he returned with our drinks. At this point we realized that service was not going to be his strong point, so we made sure that we were ready to order. The wait for our food was well within the acceptable time period. After drinking my first cup of coffee while eating my breakfast I began watching for Kevin to ask for more coffee. After more than five (5) min. I stopped another female waitress and asked her for more coffee. She was happy to get more coffee for me and did so fairly quickly. Unfortunately there were a lot of coffee grounds in the coffee and dribbled on the table as well. Several min. passed then I finally saw Kevin and stopped him to ask for another cup due to the grounds issue. From that point forward the visit was unacceptable!!!!! Upon expressing my dissatisfaction over the service and the coffee grounds in the coffee, Kevin rather than being apologetic decided to cop an attitude about it. I am a business owner and would not tolerate this type of behavior out of an employee of mine. Long and short of this is that all Kevin had to do is apologize for the lack of timely service and get the coffee. end of story!!! After the complete bomb dropped by Kevin another male employee came out and stopped at our table and looked at me as if to say oh you are the one Kevin had a issue with... All that said I still gave the restaurant three out of five stars because of the food quality and the service that I received on my first visit.. . One last note the table beside up waited much much much longer for service form Kevin and were noticeable irritated as well.
I came here for a cup of frozen hot chocolate that I had heard about like ten years ago, where it was featured in some magazine or other, when they were located only in NYC. Though I thought it was good and the restaurant had a nice staff in the side snack bar and had a cute, kitschy look overall, I still think it is a little silly to pay $9 or whatever it is for a beverage that some might view as a cousin of the mocha frappucino. The chocolate used is yummy, the whipped cream is fresh, and the cool contrast of a rich drink you'd expect to have warm is appealing, but it's hard not to overlook this place as just an overpriced Vegas tourist trap. Not to mention you're gonna need a fat water to actually quench your thirst after slamming down one of these. Maybe we'll go back and order food next time, but there are so many better, more unique, restaurants to choose from.
When I first heard about Serendipity 3 in New York, I saw it in a movie and read about their famous Frozen Hot Chocolate online. When I found out that they were opening one in Las Vegas, I really wanted to try it. So the next trip I took to Las Vegas, I wanted to make sure I went to Serendipity 3.. . My boyfriend and I took a spontaneuos trip to Las Vegas sometime last August. We just got out of Madame Tussaud's Wax Museum and we walked towards Caesar's Palace where Serendipity 3 was. Yay!! When we arrived it was around lunchtime and it was very busy. We asked how long it would be to get a table. The hostess said about half an hour to 45 minutes. We didn't want to wait that long just to get their Frozen Hot Chocolate, so the hostess suggested that we order from their take out window, which was near by. So we ordered the dessert from the window and got our treat in a large take out cup. I was actually looking forward to getting it in their glass cup.. oh well. Took our first sip and it was yummy.. . The next day, we came back to dine in. We weren't that hungry, but we wanted something small to eat, so we ordered their Safe at Home Kobe Beef Sliders. 4 small tiny burgers with American Cheese and a smear of Bacon Aioli on the plate. They're much smaller than your average slider and at $12 a plate, I don't think I'll be ordering that again if I decide to come back to Serendipity 3. We also ordered the Frozen Hot Chocolate after, of course. The cup makes it look like you're getting a lot, but don't let it fool you. It's really not that much. But, boy did it look good. A mountain of whipped cream with chocolate shavings on top. A little bit expensive for hot chocolate blended with ice, but what can you do.
Serendipity is just a walking contradiction.  I mean honestly, who the hell can imagine a "Frozen" hot chocolate?. . And then you remember there are things such as fried ice cream in this world, as well as the insane level of heat in the Vegas dessert that makes all of these preconceived notions go away.. . Alas, Serendipity has helped me combat my drunken state with some very tasty desserts.  The actual restaurant inside looks far too expensive for what you get, but the express booth outside will do just fine.  Clearly the most popular item here are these frozen hot chocolates, which is mostly an iced chocolate smoothie to soothe your dehydrated self.. . It'll set you back about $10, but I'd say it's worth it!  The chocolate goodness of the drink definitely cools you down, at least long enough for you to head into one of the air conditioned casinos.  Don't forget to also order a side of fries.  Ice cream goes SO well with frozen desserts such as this, and you can't hate it til you've tried it.. . The only gripe I have about Serendipity's express-lane is that it's also another contradiction... the wait is LONG!  You're looking at a 30 minute wait as it is before getting your order in, even when the line seems short.  Then you're expected to wait another 10-15 minutes before the actual drink comes out.  A bit ridiculous if you ask me.. . But despite it all, I'm sure I'll be sipping on another one of these again soon.  Note for next time- grab some kahlua or bailey's and mix it into the drink.  Get twice the fun!
Food is so so but theice cream is great! Great place for tweens.
Came here with friends after one highly recommended the cold hot chocolate.. . Before I continue the rest of the review, I want to let people know what they mean by frozen hot chocolate. The flavors other than chocolate DO NOT have chocolate in them. Thus the amaretto version is really just almond flavor and not chocolate. If you want mixed flavors, let them know.. . Now onto the experience. The restaurant is a pink and white diner with lots of cookie artwork on the wall and checkerboard tables. Our group of 5 ordered 2 of the frozen hot chocolates for 2. I sampled the amaretto one, which was pretty good. The size of the dual cup seems large as they top it with a lot of whipped cream, but I would say the cup is not much more than 20 ounces, which is unfortunate for the whopping $15 they charge for the cup.. . In terms of food, I tried their chicken wings and fries. Their steak fries were pretty good, with good seasoning. Their chicken wings--HIGHLY recommend them! They were nice and spicy, and their was a light honey taste underneath that seemed to come from a primary marinade before they are deep fried. These were also the juicy kind of chicken wing filled with meat.. . Overall, the dining experience is good, but since the frozen hot chocolate is the draw, I'd say be careful of having too high of expectations. It's a glorified milkshake. Some of the sundaes also looked really good, and may be of more "substantive" value. I still may be back for the wings :P
When I saw the sign for Serendipity from afar, I was beyond excited. "Boyfriend, look! SERENDIPITY! I DIDN'T KNOW THEY HAD OTHER LOCATIONS BESIDES NEW YORK!!!" After watching the movie, Serendipity, with Kate Beckinsale and John Cusack, I've been obsessed with wanted to go to that place, and always assumed that it was only in New York. . . I was able to get that Serendipity-fix taken care of during a quick vacation in Las Vegas. Don't come here and expect to get a table right away, this place is constantly PACKED. Our party of 6 had a 40-minute wait before we got seated. So if you're a hungry-beast, don't go here. . . Not only that, their service is S-L-O-W. Took at least 20-30 minutes before we got our appetizers and another 20-30 minutes for the main meal. So if you're not a patient person AND you're a hungry-beast, don't go here. . . But the appetizers that we got were DELICIOUS. Crabcake & artichoke dip was so different, yet good, and the beef sliders were quite tasty too. I got the vodka-based pasta as my entree which was mehh, the boyfriend got a giant-sized steak sandwich that he couldn't finish, but enjoyed, and my friends got some melt-in-your-mouth delicious crab cake sandwiches. To sum it up? Anything with crab on this menu is probably ridiculously good. . . Also, if you have foursquare on your phone and you check into Caesar's Palace, you can get a coupon for a free frozen hot chocolate with a $10 purchase. You have to go the Rewards Center (in the Forum Shops) to redeem the coupon though, but if you have the time, go! It'll save you $11 on a frozen hot chocolate!!! They're tricky though, it only applies to ONE table even if that ONE table has MULTIPLE tabs. . . The frozen hot chocolate? Meh. It was just a tasty cold... hot chocolate. I was not that impressed. Big letdown. . . Maybe next time I'll attempt that $1,000 sundae...
Its right in front of the decadent caesars palace hotel and someone told me about the frozen hot chocolate. The idea of hot chocolate but frozen intrigued me,so i gave it a try. It was very good and tasty.
I've had the food a few times and it's not memorable. Usually I split one of the longish hot dogs they arent bad but they're not great. The wait during the summer is ridonkulous but it's fun to go and experience their frozen hot chocolate. It's decadent to say the least. It really does taste like frozen hot chocolate. Like a moron I have waited several times just to sit inside and sip one with the BF but here's a helpful hint GET IT AT THE TO GO WINDOW!! their large is bigger than the large they serve inside b/c the container is huuuge....four people (ok 4 small girls) would have a hard time finishing it same price minus the 45 min to 1 hour wait.
Crab cake was perfect but the service was poor and the wait was crazy they need to have a better management
~Pricey. ~Wacky interior (like 14 year old girl's bedroom). ~Potentially long wait time. . I'm basically only writing this review to mention one specific thing: the veggie burger.. . Las Vegas is a really tough place to find vegan food, especially on the Strip.. Serendipity 3 has a veggie burger on their menu that is really tasty. if you want it vegan, order it on sourdough bread with no butter or mayo.. I ordered it to-go from the bartender and he was very helpful and went out of his way to make sure my order was handled correctly. . Mind you, 15 bucks is a hell of a lot of money for a veggie burger, but it was yummy, and well, when you're stuck sometimes it's pay up or starve...
Love the menu and decor. It's like I step foot in a little magical place: a pink carnival.. . What we ordered:. . Chicken and Waffle - Crispy juicy fried chicken with waffles and I love the sauce that comes with fried chicken. It's like honey mustard. . . Fried Egg Benedict - Ham and biscuit topped with literally a fried poached egg.. The idea of a battered fried egg is good but it was not well executed. The egg white was a bit hardened and the outside of the egg was kinda soggy.. . Chocolate French Toast - Not a big fan of chocolate, but I'm a fan of french toast. Sweeeeeeeeetttttt. Prob recommended for chocolate lovers.. . Frrrrooozen Hot Chocolate - Yum! If you've never had it, it's something to try since you're here.. . Tip: They take reservations, and you can always call ahead to ask how long the wait is.
Every time I go to Serendipity, it's always extremely packed, so I always opt for the to-go option. Their food is mediocre and I wouldn't recommend this place as your first choice for lunch.   Their frozen hot chocolate is pretty decent, but it definitely does not compare the New York store.  If you never had the frozen hot chocolate, definitely go try it out!  But don't stay for anything else.  The decor is very trendy and cute, but beware of the overpriced menu!
SO this is the place you go for dessert and that's about it. Whatever you do DON'T eat there! The only reason it's getting 3 stars is for the infamous frozen hot chocolate.. . Went there with a friend for dinner and dessert. Had a chicken salad and felt horribly sick afterwards. Gave them a second chance and had a burger...no bueno.. . As for the frozen hot chocolate I will admit at first I thought, "What's all the hype around this dessert?" I took a couple sips and thought, "that's it?!" Kind of disappointed at first, however I found my self not being able to stop sipping on it. And I should reveal I am not a fan of hot chocolate. It's a yummy rich and chocolately treat. They also have other frozen treats with liquor in them for the adults ;) Have yet to try those so I'll report back.. . Decore is fun and the location is perfect...right on Las Vegas Blvd. If you sit on the patio you are literally dinning with the traffic. . . Service is mediocre, can't really have any expectations for a place designed for kids or hiring kids for that matter. . . Regardless, everyone should try a dessert here for themselves.. . I still have mixed feelings about this place.
Frozen hot chocolates were to die for!!!  Very expensive though - $10-15 depending on flavor and size.  And long wait for both indoor or outdoor seating with a waitress, bar service, or take out window.
Orchard salad was delicious and very filling. Desserts looked great as did the rest of the food. Decor was nice but a little mismatched with a very pink deco look then some old college flags? It just didn't all gotogether. The main reason for a middle score was that the music didn't go with the atmosphere (it was the latest club mix hits) and was so loud we had to yell to have a conversation. I enjoy all music but it all has it's appropriate place. We were eating not clubbing
We came here for brunch on a weekday, and there was a relatively long wait (30 minutes?) considering that about half of the tables, inside and out, were empty, and there were members of the wait staff standing around.  The hostess was sort of rude, and acted like she was doing us a favor by taking our name.  . . Once we were seated, we ordered the famous frozen hot chocolate (the "for 2" size), which was ok but nothing amazing... it tasted a bit like a thin milkshake made with  pre-made powdered hot chocolate mix (which, in retrospect, is probably exactly what it was).  I ordered the French toast with berries, bacon and egg.  The French toast was burnt, but everything else was good.  The berries were fresh, the bacon was almost strangely good, the breakfast potatoes were a little oily but had a good flavor, and the egg was fine.  My husband ordered the blueberry pancakes, which were good.  Both portions were absolutely enormous, and we wished that we had shared a dish rather than getting two.  . . The service was adequate, but not good.  The waitress was efficient, but did not engage or interact with us at all.
I came for dessert and luckily no wait for our party of 6. Service is slow. . . I been to the one in New York and that wasn't that great either, so I was not expecting much from the Vegas one.. . Frozen Hot Chocolate-I liked it still, but my friends said the chocolate milkshake at Wendy's is so much better and cheaper.. . Mango cheesecake-this was huge. Like the size of my head, but the syrup that tasted like cough medicine surrounded the plate was no bueno. . Some of the other girls got a crab cake salad and they said that was pretty good.
I've always been curious about their frozen hot chocolates.  I've been to the NY location but was always off put by the long wait so have never actually been there.. . We were walking around LV and saw this place.  It was nice to see it here!  There was a line for the sit down restaurant but there's a take out window that sells a subset of their regular menu.  Basically, large donuts, drinks, etc.  We shared a large frozen hot chocolate.  The menu said it's meant to be shared by 2 but 4 of us shared it and we didn't even finish it.  Yes, it's really really big!  I think it was $15.. . It was good but not great.  It's just a fancy chocolate milk chocolate with tons of whipped cream and shaved chocolate.  Hit the spot for the day and wasn't compelled to come back for more.
Late for the show, hungry as a bear and where to eat? Nearby was S3 so we stopped in. Hostess wasnot nice - oh, it'll take 30 min to get seated! she said. We looked around and pointed out to a manager that there were a bunch of seats open outside. He immediately seated us, got us a great waiter and apologized for the Hostess's comment. We told our waiter that we were running late for the show and he made sure we had our food fast. It was simple American fare - burgers, fries and milk shakes. It was really good! . Loved the apology and the quick snap to serve us. Plus sitting outside and watching the interesting Vegas traffic (people, not the cars) while we ate was a show in itself! . Definitely recommend and will be back.
Over priced ice cream shop.  Sorry, it's good but then again it's no different from Baskins or Coldstone.  They have real food, not just desserts.  I suggest just eating but skip the dessert and get yourself a cheaper ice cream.
This restaurant is a cute place. The food was decent, but nothing unique and it not really worth my stomach real estate. Especially when there are so many other places to go for the same price point in Vegas. Beware if you sit outside because the fountain nearby or something nearby smells like sewage. The waiter was very nice and accomodating. So overall, it was okay, but I won't be revisiting.
Food is mediocre but the banana split and fried oreo was mm mmm.  This place is a bit overpriced.
I sure hope the original Serendipity in New York is better than this one. I really wanted to like this place. Maybe it's because they have something called Frozen Hot Chocolate, or maybe it's because of the movie with John Cusak... (love John Cusak) But, I doubt highly I will be coming back here. . We came here for a late dinner after a show. We walked from The Venetian and though it didn't seem like the restaurant inside was crowded, we waited about 20 minutes for our table. It's a large menu with their versions of basic food items. I ordered the chicken burger with the blue cheese and BBQ sauce, but asked to hold the BBQ sauce. To me, blue cheese and BBQ sauce don't go together. I got that with the regular fries. We also got the Turkey Club and sweet potato fries, a side mixed salad, root beer float and a Frozen Hot Chocolate. We got our drinks and proceeded to wait. and wait. I guess I shouldn't have assumed that the Frozen Hot Chocolates were more like dessert, especially when I had ordered a root beer float. But I was wrong because the waiter brought out our Frozen Hot Chocolates before our food. He was nice to split it for us, but I just wasn't ready for it and really... it tasted like soupy chocolate ice cream. Ended up that we took a couple sips and it went to waste because we were waiting for the food. The club sandwich ended up being like any other sandwich. Cold cuts from the grocery store and bacon. No mustard. Nothing original about it. The chicken sandwich had a nice big piece of chicken, but, it had the BBBQ sauce on it. When I told the waiter, he said, "I asked them not to put the BBQ sauce on." He asked if I wanted a new one. It's a nice offer, but I've waited this long.. I'm going to have to wait longer? So, I asked, "Is it going to take long?" He tapped me on the shoulder and said, "Of course, it's chicken" Uh huh. So, if I asked for a cold lunch meat sandwich redo, it wouldn't have taken as long? And, by the way, the cold cuts were cold. But, he ended up taking the chicken sandwich off the bill. Even with that, I was disappointed. Food is way overpriced and not that good. Lesson learned.
Came here for the frozen hot chocolate.. . It was definitely only a one-time thing.  I mean, how many times would I want a cocoa powder chocolate shake?. . We also ordered the pizza with pesto sauce, which was about 1/5 too burnt to eat.
*I only came here for the dessert. . I visited Serendipity 3 twice during my trip to Vegas.The first time I went, I ordered the oreo, and peanut butter froho.  It was too sweet for my taste.  Since we had nothing to do in the middle of the day, we decided to pay this place another visit and I tried the green tea froho instead.  I enjoyed it very much.  It was the perfect amount of sweetness, and did taste like matcha green tea!  The drink was delicious, but I wouldn't find it necessary to pay this place a visit more than once when in Vegas.
If you MUST come here, go for the specialty frozen drinks. Skip their lackluster and pricey food.. . Save some time (we all know how precious that is in Vegas) and order the Frrrozen Hot Choco or any of their Sin City frozen drinks (Raspberry truffle!) to further that buzz from their to-go window instead of waiting a ridiculously long time for seats. It's only worth the wait if seated on the patio overlooking Las Vegas Blvd. Drunk people watching is the bees knees on the Strip! :) But service has been blah the two times I have dined here.. . Foodcomes in large portion sizes, but not very tasty (Hangover Omelette, 'Holy Huevos Ranchero), with the exception of the breakfast potatoes. We'd be content ordering a side of those to pair with our drinks the next time we're here. :)
We had the Strawberry sundae, Oreo Shake, a couple beers, and some sweet potato fries for ~50 to go.. . - Presentation is wonderful. very cute. kept the bowl the sundae was in. Flavor is good. Soft ice cream. not sure if price is justified. . - I loved the shake. not too thick. very delicious. worth getting again.. - Sweet potato fries are typical. Not your "boiling crab" type-o-craze!. - Utensils are so nice you almost have to take extras! lol. . :)
Wanted to try out the infamous "Frozen Hot Chocolate" so we trekked as a team here for our last little treat before leaving to board our plane out of Vegas and back to the Bay. I've heard so much about this place - heard the line was too long in NYC - better to check out here. . . It IS good though - very addictive to drink. But, I think I wish it were more frozen and didn't melt as fast... Still want to visit the NYC location where the movie was filmed too...
$11 for a white chocolate frozen chocolate on the go. On a tues no line around 11am. The girl at the window was nice enough but I had to tap on the window and go to the front desk to find some to serve me.  The area around the rest jaunt is worthy of pictures. All said in done... I wish I had just got a frap from Starbucks for half the price. On the go ones are just not worth it.
service was great! must try the chocolate shake its to die for you can share with two people.. overall it's your typical american food.. things you can get at an applebees just more up scale. kinda pricey for the quality of food that you are getting, but still ok for someone that would want to check off a restaurant off their list. would i recommend it, yes somewhat maybe for desserts..
Came here on a hot summer night and cooled off with a peanut butter frozen hot chocolate. You can't really mess up chocolate and peanut butter. . . For my meal, I had an ahi tuna salad. It was just ok. I wasn't too fond of the encrusted sesame seeds.
I was curious to try this out ever since I heard about the $1,000.00 sundae but yeah didn't order that lol! Sat at the bar because we didn't want to wait 15 minutes. We each had a coke and also had the mint chocochip sundae with marshmallow cream and fudge. It was pretty good but I think we should have tried the sundae with the deep fried oreos. Eh still was pretty good anyway.
Sunday afternoon delights.. The place was busy but we noticed quite a few empty tables, our wait time given by the hostess was 45 minutes, I believe we only had to wait about 30. I like that they can text you that your table is ready, so I really don't have to hang out in front of the restaurant in the heat if I don't want to. We decided to sit inside since it was so hot out.. Our waitress was Tina, she could've been friendlier, but she did an adequate job waiting on us.. I hate the huge menu's, it was difficult to peruse their offerings at our small table of 4. The plates were also too big for our table. The music inside the restaurant was way too loud for the tiny space, people would like to talk...not lose their hearing!. The prices were a bit high but it helps if you have a Total Rewards card, the prices are slightly cheaper if you present this to your waitress upon ordering.. I got the Chicken Strip appetizer so I could save room for dessert. They were good, nice and crispy on the outside, moist warm white meat chicken on the inside. The dipping sauces were good too, I liked the Honey Mustard best, my husband liked the BBQ sauce. My husband got the Cheeseburger with Brie Cheese and Fries, it was an okay burger, not a lot of flavor, but it was cooked correctly. The fries were not fresh or hot, we had to others at our table who got fries and only one of us got fresh fries. We had a view of the kitchen from our table and noticed that they make tons of fry orders and let them sit there til someone orders them.. For dessert we decided to split the Black and White Sundae, it was delicious. The ice cream and topping were quality and all went well together. Nice bonus of a chocolate covered strawberry on top.. I would totally go back again for dessert, but I would skip the average food.
Had an Oreo frozen hot chocolate.  It was OK, but for all the hype I was expecting a rich, smooth, sinfully luscious drink.  Instead, it tasted like a regular shake to me, with more ice crystals in the blended drink than I thought there would be, giving the drink more of a grainy texture.  It was a refreshing drink, but it wasn't very smooth or rich.
I wanted to try this place because everyone raved about it. I had the White Chocolate FrozenHot Chocolate ($11). . . I'm not a chocolate person because I don't like sweet stuff. This drink was good but overpriced. You can simply order a shake at any place for a cheaper price & I'm pretty sure it would taste the same.. . This place is a bit overrated. I was expecting something different. But it was a nice drink with the hot weather in Las Vegas.
The frozen hot chocolate did live up to the hype!  Don't be skeptical, order it.  Plus, it's lighter than an actual milk shake.  It was delicious and I sipped and spooned it all!!  The other desserts I tried were solely ok though.  The peanut butter reese's shake we really hated.  However, since most of it was left after we were finished the waitress decided to take it off our tab.  That was considerate.  . . The wait is pretty insane though.  And, I wish they would just serve desserts instead of a full menu.  They do have this neat "text you when your table is ready" though.  However, after a 45 minute wait or so is it really worth it?  It's debateable.  Now that I've had their sig drink inside, I will wait in line and get it from the outside to-go window next time.
Wow, this place was way overrated. I'd heard so many good things about SERENDIPITY that it almost became impossible to keep up with the hype. I was in LV for work for over a week, and hit up Serendipity after several folks recommended it.. . We waited about 30 minutes on a Friday night, which isn't that bad. We got a seat on the patio, facing the strip. I had the Meatball Pizza on the waiters recommendation, and quite frankly - I didn't like it. The ricotta was overpowering and made it hella soggy. He noticed I didn't really go in for the kill and asked if I liked it. I told him not really, and when the bill arrived, he scratched it from the total. I thought that was cool.. . I also tried their famous Frozen Hot Chocolate. While it was certainly delish, I thought it was just a milkshake with more ice? . . I'd definitely go back, but this place is basically Fenton's.. . 3.5 stars
We had dinner here one night during out vacation... I checked out the menu online and it seemed like a great option for some pub-like food and dessert.  The food was good but I was really disappointed int he atmosphere.  With the look of the building outside, I expected much more from the inside.  The set up and overall ambiance felt like a cafeteria.  I think next time I would be more inclined to stop here for lunch rather than dinner.  It was a little pricey as well: 1 appetizer, two entrees (burgers) and a dessert was $90.00
High heel pump was really good.  We were here for a bachelorette party dinner for 16 girls.  I was really irritated they seated us outside in the heat but they reminded me that the contract stated that it would be manager's discretion to be inside or out.  My reservation was for 6 pm and I told them how important it was to start on time because we needed to head off to Chippendales by 8 pm.  We didn't get seated until 620.  So we were rushing through the food.  . . I really really like the one in NYC better.  It's got character and is whimsical.  Las Vegas' version is whatever.  If you don't make it to NYC, then I guess you can settle for Vegas.
The food was good, but the wait was ridiculous to get our food.
Food is okay for the price. . . Get the frozen hot chocolate to share!
wait staff could be better by a mile, the food is tasty [land if you have never been here go at least once.
I have always wanted to try Serendipity 3, even if it meant that we had to wait in line for one hour. We just wanted to see what all the hype was about and taste some of their yummy dessert. . . The service was nice and friendly. I'm sure it might be a little frustrating for the hosts to have to tell people to wait for such a long time. No problem for us. We waited at the bar next door and killed some time by consuming some beverages. . . The host was also very polite. They seated my bf right next to a sunny window and it was about 110 degrees out. She tried to help him out by taking down the shade and making him more cozy. . . . We ordered a steak sandwhich with eggs and one of their chili dogs. The food was good but not the best. However, I couldn't complain. My bf said the orea shake was a perfect treat. He is a huge icecream buff so I really wanted him to try it. . . We would probably use the pick up window next time. I heard that it's a great way to get your dessert in a quick manner. I am definately glad we tried it but probably won't come back without a reservation next time.
Eh. Thats all I thought after being here. The service was whatever, the atmosphere was whatever, and the menu was whatever. I honestly found the frozen hot chocolate to be incredibly overrated. I wouldn't recommend anyone to go out of their way to try this place out but if you happen to be in the area and theres no wait, then hell, why not?
Food: Yummy. place: eh. service at bar: pretty crappy. . . Long wait to be seated so we opted for bar, and just had desserts their famous Frrrrzen hot chocolate and a strawberry milkshake. Both were yummy, but I agree in that th one in New York tastes better, that one has an overall cooler vibe, and is more quaint and real, while this one in LV is very staged, like an ice cream parlor from disneyland. . . The service was bad because the blonde bartender just seemed pissed off. She didn't smile just grabbed our menus back when we said we weren't haven't drinks (after glimpsing at the overpriced drink menu). She wasn't purposely rude, just seemed so jaded and ready to be out of there. Everyone has those days, but just call in sick, geez. . . If you aren't going to NYC anytime soon, this is worth a try when its not so packed for their desserts, both of ours were yummy (they were so big they were are lunch! lol). But I won't be coming back anytime soon.
After nearly making Vegas my second home, I've decided to give the famous Serendipity a try ... . Came here on a Saturday night around 11 pm and the wait was 35-45 minutes. However, the part that puzzled me was half of the tables were empty. We waited some more to get water and we waited a little bit more to order. After that, we waited much more longer for our food. Was it worth all the wait? Ehhhh, not really. The crab cake salad was good, but the shrimp pesto pasta was lacking.. . Maybe I could be wrong, maybe they're just famous for their dessert, maybe their food isn't all that in a hat, but after waiting for so long,  we didn't even have room in our stomach for dessert.
Another over-rated restaurant in Las Vegas.. . I had 'crab cake benedit' and my friends had 'the one and only las vegas style steak breakfast sandwich' and waffle.  The benedit and sandwich tasted good, which were A+.  I really enjoyed the egg yolk running between the jumbo crab cake, it is really delicious not only because im a fan of pouch eggs and crab cakes, but because the hollandaise sauce was tailored made for both of them.  Second thought, serendipity got to make these plates right because they are $30 benedit and $20 sandwich.  . . However my poor waffle friend had to return his waffle coz it was totally soggy and seemed half done.  Poor guy had to watch us eat.  haha...  The waitress was nice enough to give him a new one however he didnt have much luck on the second one.  The second one was burnt, but he was starving so he had to take it.  poor guy.  I guess this place can make either soggy or burn waffle only.. . I have no clue why everybody else is crazy for this 'frozen hot chocolate' thing.  It is a $10 chocolate smoothie.  I cant see why people crazy for it.  I tried couple sips, which tasted like other chocolate smoothies.  Nothing special.  Actually i wish the chocolate favor can be stronger coz it tasted like a bowl of super ICY  milky coco powder with extra whipped cream.  The presentation is terrible btw, the whipped cream & coco was all over the tea cup plate.  Should i blame the kitchen or the waitress?  . . If the line wasnt 45 mins long, i prolly would give 1 more star....
The last time I came here was about a year ago since we come to Vegas every August.  Last year I remember when we went to the express window, they had two sizes of the frozen hot chocolates; regular and large.  I think the regular was around $8 maybe and when I went recently, I couldn't believe how expensive they've gotten!  Now at the express window they charge $11 for the smaller size!!  They don't have large anymore; just one tiny cup of frozen hot chocolate at a ridiculous price.  I don't remember ever buying a single serving size drink for $11 before...just CRAZY.  . . Anyways we've eaten here before too and food is nothing special butI do admit, the frozen hot chocolate is really good.  We tried the strawberry this year and I think that one's my new favorite....SO GOOD.  We usually just do the express window because dining in takes so long.  I don't know why the wait is always forever and the hostesses are all grumpy from being constantly busy.  I also came in to buy a package of the frozen hot chocolate mix for $6...and really, I'm pretty sure the mix is just your typical hot chocolate powder.  I'm gonna try making this frozen hot chocolate with just regular hot chocolate mix and see how it goes.  . . Bottom Line: Love the frozen hot chocolate, hate the price.
I had wanted to go here forever to try the frozen hot chocolate. It was good but not outstanding, I guess the anticipation built it up to be amazing. It did really hit the spot in the hot Vegas sun though! My sister had the classic sundae and it was huge but very good.
Thank you fellow yelpers for changing my life one frozen hot chocolate at a time!. . I absolutely loved the frozen hot chocolate. There were many flavors to choose from, but I decided the OG original because I felt I would not be steered wrong.  The taste of the drink is something I could not really describe. It definitely is not like a frosty or a milk shake, but something in between. It was topped with whip cream and served with two straws for my Mom and I to share.. . The only reason I could not give five stars to this Serendipity is the fact that it took us 45 minutes to get our drink. The wait was so long and there was relatively a short line. There was only one man working the register and one man making the dishes.  The wait inside was one hour at 11:00 PM. If they staffed the restaurant better, it would totally get a five star in my book.. . If you are near Caesars when you go to Vegas, regardless of the wait, stop by and try this drink. It is so worth it and is definitely a nice treat in the desert heat.
I ate at the restaurant this time. On a Saturday afternoon, We ordered the ABC burger with sweet potato fries and crab cake sandwich for 36 (Total Rewards).. . - They use an iPad to let you know when your table is ready! We had to wait 40min, then they send you a text. U can check how many people are ahead of you. You have 3 MINUTES to claim your seat! . . - Burger was average. I did like they huge pieces of avocado, hence the A. . - Both the sweet potato and french fries were not fresh. McDonald's ALMOST has better fries than them. The're sweet potato fries are stale. AVOID!. - Crab crab was delicious with the sauce! must get :). - Service is pretty lame. They want you in and out! Understandable. Small venue, huge demand. At least refill my drink :'(. . - Open up a TR account and use your points for a free meal! we still had money left over to buy 2 packs of Dentene Ice at the convenience store :)
Second time in Vegas, second time at Serendipity.. . It's hot in Vegas. Since that isn't news, we sat on the patio with fans and misters pointed at us. We had to wait about half an hour for our table outside. That to me wasn't that bad... I was hungry, but not as angry as all the people who popped their head from around the waiting area and saw empty tables. Umm, then ask to sit outside. We didn't even bother trying to sit inside with super air conditioning. It's not like I was going to order any ice cream.. . Our waiter was a gem. He was really nice and a bit chatty once he found out we were from Canada. He came around and got us many refills of our weird tasting coke. He remembered all the little things we asked for... bbq sauce, mayo... He came by to tell us our food was coming in case we were gonna start throwing our cutlery about.. . This time around, I got the Bleu Burger. It was supposed to come with bbq sauce. I hate bbq sauce, so I asked for mayo on the side in case it was too dry. He asked how I wanted it cooked--- fast? Hahaaa... I ordered mine medium well. Since the burger was wonderful and didn't need the mayo, I dipped my fries in it. Ahhh... the burger had a good amount of blue cheese... mixed in with the juicy burger...  . . Since it's really hot, even at night, I opted not to finish my mega portion of food. Who wants to be overstuffed when it's 100 degrees out?
I think I had too high expectations of Serendipity 3. Everyone raves about the frozen hot chocolate and I have to say that I was slightly disappointed. The frozen hot chocolate is honestly comparable to some good chocolate milkshake...It was good at first but after a while it became too sweet for my taste. This occurred after finishing about half of the to-go cup. This is definitely something you want to share, unless you LOOOOVE chocolate. Another downside was that there was a 2 hour wait to actually sit in the restaurant!! My friends and I opted for the to-go option instead, which was definitely our savior. I'd say that this a place you should check out once for the experience but not really somewhere I am dying to return to.
I was so excited to try the famous frozen hot chocolate. However, I was terribly underwhelmed. It wasn't anything to rave about. The double chocolate one was way too sweet. I much prefer the chocolate drinks at Max Brenner (located right inside Caesars Palace).. . The food here is definitely sub par especially for the price. . . The restaurant itself is ADORABLE. You are definitely paying for the experience rather than for the food. The wait can be atrocious on the weekends and summers, but it's a really whimsical place to visit when in Vegas. The pink and orange colors and the over-the-top decor is quite the sight. Great place to take kids for a fun dining experience, but it there are better places to enjoy a meal in Vegas.
Since I've only been to New York City once in my life, and that one visit only lasted about 7 hours (I know, it's heartbreaking), Serendipity 3 in Vegas was my chance to taste a little bit of New York out west. . . First of all - this place is always crowded. Yes, there's a little "to-go" line outside, but to be honest, that's usually crowded as well. To save a little time, we opted to sit outside in the 110 degree Vegas weather on their little patio area. For some reason, they did not have the fans on, which was unfortunate right from the start.. . The service was ridiculously slow, even for them being busy. Not having water when it's that hot outside is such a bummer and experience killer. . . But...some optimisim. The Frozen Hot Chocolate (which, let's be real, is the only real reason to go here in the first place) was pretty much everything I wanted it to be. Boyfriend and I got away with sharing one of the smaller sizes (not the "for two" size, but the "for one" size, which was still pretty big and a little more budget friendly). Totally great. Totally worth a try. Sort of worth the other little annoyances. Definitely worth a visit to one of the Serendipity locations, but if I were you...I would take my chances at one of the other ones.
Warning- it will take a long while to get your food. At least when you order through the outside window. The menu is a bit more limited but still have good items. The frozen hot chocolate was something I had to try and it was just how it sounded.  The only thing I wasn't too keen about was the sweet potato fries. I didn't expect them to be extra sweet due to the added sugar/spice that they sprinkle on it. Other than that, it's a nice place to grab something to eat if you have time to kill and can't figure out where else to go.
Shhh... When I go, I stalk their tiny bar for seating. I can usually find a place to sit with my companion (s) in under 10 minutes. . . I love their chili. It is well spiced and has nice savory chunks of meat. I have no idea why it's so good. . . The frozen hot chocolate is good, but I really go for the chili cheese fries!
This was my first time to Serendipity 3  Tried to make reservations and it was a hassle. Once we got there we were seated immediately. Service was slow. Atmosphere was like eating in a cafeteria. Food was good though. I was disappointed as it didn't live up to the hype. It won't be a place I frequent on the strip.
I just wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate ever since I heard about it 4 Vegas trips ago. FINALLY got to go!. . [-] ...and wtf, so expensive!. [-] $11 for what looks like a grande Starbucks drink. . FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE (ORIGINAL). [+] it actually tastes like what it says. hot chocolate but in cold form. [-] a bit too sweet for my taste then it got too bitter for my taste... ahaha. . Maybe I'll try another flavor.... when I win in the casino or something. $11 is a lot to fork over for a tiny drink!
Line is outright ridonculous! One hour wait to be seated inside. . . Food is okay. Forgot what I ordered but... I think it was omelet...which was decent but not memorably delish~. . Just go here for the desserts, that's what they are known for... or just get them to go and enjoy them by the tables outside the restaurant.
To-go:. . Line- hardly any or none when my friend and i went, but then my other friends went again and there were around 5 or less people in line.. . Cashier- Not so nice, but was happy to name some recommendations.. . Order:. Frozen hot chocolate- for around $14 I would not say this is worth it. It has around 22+ different cocos (sp?), but seriously they overcharged. Still, it was pretty delicious. If you're the type to try everything at least once, get this one (most bought item)!. . Seating:.  Plenty of seating outside or right next to the door
I've been here about four times. All four times I've had long wait times and mediocre food.. The food is overpriced, and most definitely not worth it. it's better to just spend a little bit more and go to a buffet (I recommend Wicked Spoon, and Wynn)! . There is nothing special about this place, especially not their "famous" FROZZZEN HOT CHOCOLATE" It tastes like a milkshake. A very expensive milkshake at that. . They have decent service though, and a very efficient wait system going on now. The hostesses use ipads, and text you when your table is ready! Technology these days! I can't keep up. . I have never used their to go service, so I can't rate them on that, but judging from how long the line is every time I pass by, it seems like it takes just as long. . This place reminds me nothing of the movie Serendipity. Kate Beckinsale (GIRL CRUSH!) and John Cusack share an ice cream at the Serendipity 3 in NYC right before Christmas, and it looks so romantic and peaceful. This Serendipity is loud and always crowded. Bah. . 2 1/2 stars.
I was really looking forward to going here mainly for the frozen hot chocolate. I wasn't really impressed with the frozen hot chocolate so that let me down. The food we had was good though. I had the crab cake sandwich, i can't remember what my friend had but they liked it.
This is a review based solely on their Frozen Hot Chocolate.. . So talk about your oxymorons. How can something be both "hot" AND "frozen" at the same time? I wondered that when I was told I should order a Frozen Hot Chocolate here at Serendipity 3. And so after a big dinner outside the Strip, my dad and I decided to save dessert and satisfy my curiosity.. . After managing to cut through hoards of tourists to even get here, we were immediately faced with yet another crowd, this time all in line just to get in. I didn't realize Serendipity was also a restaurant, and not surprisingly, being located right on the Strip, on a Friday night there were 10 parties ahead of us (which I found out through their handy website and text-notification system). What I didn't figure out right away was that there was also a to-go window, so that's where we went ahead and got our drinks.. . My dad got the Strawberry, and I went ahead with my friend's recommendation. OMG; That's some rich chocolate.. . I got what seemed to be about 16 ounces of chocolatey goodness. I loved every sip, but the flavor was so dense I had to take a break after each one. I can see how this drink can leave an impression on people, but I do believe there's a catch. After my dad tried a sip of mine, he made a good point. The Frozen Hot Chocolate was much like pure chocolate syrup. Maybe ice was blended in with the syrup, but that's what it essentially was. But as a chocoholic, why wouldn't I enjoy that?. . Well, a quick and easy reason is the price. For two of those suckers, I think the bill came out to about $20. A more foodie rationale might also argue the signature drink's lack of subtlety. It's like feeding people who love ketchup an even denser ketchup, with nothing else to enjoy it with. What might be fun is if they gave you biscuit sticks to dip into it, or if they floated, layered, or marbled vanilla ice-cream with the already concentrated concoction. Something along those lines to break it up a little.. . That's my take on the Frozen Hot Chocolate. As far as the Strawberry version goes, my dad thought it tasted like an overpriced McDonald's Strawberry Milkshake. I concur.
I went just for the Frrrozen Hot Chocolates. It was different, tasted like a milkshake but has the texture of a hot chocolate. Its a little on the spendy side for a hot chocolate/ shake but it was worth trying. Peanut butter was probably the best, strawberry seems to always be sold out, white chocolate wasn't to die for, and the oreo was decent. Try one of them!
***Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate is pretty good (and is topped off with some nice whipped cream), but it is quite overpriced at $11***. . I have always wanted to try Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate.  Serendipity has a takeout booth where you can get many drinks and such to go or a sit-down restaurant where you can get a full menu of food options as well as the frozen hot chocolate in a much nicer presentation.  I opted for the takeout booth.. . The frozen hot chocolate is a good portion size and features a frozen chocolate concoction, which is similar to a milkshake though it really is an iced chocolate drink.  The chocolate drink is good.  It is cool and refreshing and has a good chocolate flavor.  I wouldn't say that it is any more memorable than any other good frozen chocolate drink out there, but it is satisfying enough.. . They top the drink off with whipped cream and the whipped cream is good.  It is a little thicker than a lot of whipped creams out there and it has a pretty good vanilla flavor.. . Service was quick on my one visit.. . Prices were high--probably too high (maybe even too high for Las Vegas).  The frozen hot chocolate runs $11.  I think outside of Vegas, a drink like this one would most likely go for $6 and would probably not exceed $8.. . Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate is a good but not special drink even though you are definitely paying a special, premium price.  I think it is good for at least one try, but I think the flavor does not really stand out that much.  There is a Vosges boutique in the Forum Shops and that chocolates boutiques used to serve milkshakes--they were far better in terms of flavor and even a little cheaper than Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate.. . Now that Vosges no longer offers those milkshakes, I'm not sure where you can find a great frozen chocolate drink in Vegas, but a less expensive Haagen-Dazs milkshake would probably provide just as satisfying flavor and experience as what you can have at Serendipity (with the exception of the whipped cream).. . Serendipity is located in the outside dining area at the front of Caesars Palace.  Caesars Palace offers both complimentary valet and self parking.
We came here for the frozen hot chocolate and it was very rich. There were three of us and we had to share it because it was so rich. A single person alone can finish it but that's like a billion calories! Sharing is caring! :). . I ordered the Cesar salad and it was ok. There was really nothing special about it. I also tried the onion rings and nachos and again, they were just ok. The food just didn't POP for me!. . I won't be returning unless I absolutely have too.
After going to Vegas, I realized there are so many tourist traps, with Serendipity 3 being one of them. The best part about this restaurant is its decor. It looks way better than the food! . . I felt like I was in a kid's bedroom or in la la land when I was dining here. I've been wanting to come here for quite some time now after seeing Serendipity the movie, and missing the opportunity to go to the NYC location. The wait wasn't too bad. The restaurant is spacious with indoor and outdoor seating on the balcony. Since it was extremely hot outside, we wanted to sit indoor, but ended up outdoors anyway! . . The outdoor part of the restaurant is so fluorescent! It was like I was wearing sunglasses with pink lens in them the whole time. There was such a pink glow to everything! My gfs and I shared the Macaroni and Cheese, the Hangover Omelette and their signature Frozen Hot Chocolate. . . Did not like the Mac & Cheese. I think it was because it was WAYYY to cheesy to the point where I can smell the warm cheese which sorta grossed me out. I did like the top of Mac & Cheese though when it first came out! It didn't taste as good as I thought it would be either. The Omelette was whatever. It was a veggie omelette. The egg was nice and fluffy. Loved the fries that came with it! . . My friend got the chicken strips which was a PLUS! I really really liked how it was fried. The breading was so crumbly and flakey! . . The Frozen Hot Chocolate was the BEST.  An Icy cold, slushy, thick chocolate drink?! Heaven in my mouth! The chocolate shavings were so good with it too! It wasn't too chocolate-y either. It was the perfect amount and I absolutely love chocolate so this drink was a MUST! . . Next time I am in Vegas, I want to try the other frozen drink flavors!
I got the Outrageous Banana Split.  The only thing outrageous about it was the price.. . To be fair, it was very good.  Ice cream, syrup, toppings were all rich and wonderfully smooth.  But even the most perfect sundae in the world is not worth $22.  I always wanted to  try Serendipity at least once in my life.  Now I got that out of my system.
Belated review #2 for 31 YELPS REVIEW CHALLENGE:. . Okay so I've given this place 2 tries, and it's always just been okay.  Also every time I come here I have to wait 20-30 mins for a table!  The food here is pricey, and I just think that I'd rather go elsewhere.  I've tried their cheeseburger which I thought needed ketchup, and their fries could use a little less salt.  The artichoke was good, but it's just grilled, I don't know how wrong you could go with that.  I've also had the onion rings on another occasion...once again okay.  . . Now let's get to the desserts, so their frozen hot chocolate, it was good, but nothing that I think to myself as something I need to have.  My boyfriend had one of their sundaes andit was huge.  Well most of their portions are huge so thing about sharing, or possibly taking some of it home.  So maybe that makes their price point more reasonable.  . . A tip before you go, bring your Total Rewards Card, as you will have a cheaper version of the menu, and it's free to sign up for. ;)
Only because Oprah put her name behind Serendipity have I gone out my way to visit this location not once but twice. On both occasions the food has been great, but the service is heinous! The staff just doesn't care and make no qualms about voicing their discontent for their work. So, not that I've tried the frozen hot chocolate, I see no reason to come back.....EVER!!!
I have always wanted to try this place every time I visit NYC but have never had the chance. Luckily on my recent trip to Las Vegas there was a location right outside my hotel. We went there for brunch and the food was quite tasty. The only issue I had was service. It was terrible. It was Saturday morning and we assumed it would be busy. Once we got there we were told the wait would be 30 to 40 minutes which we were OK with. This issue I had was the amount of empty tables. How could the wait be so long if there were so many empty tables? When I asked the hostess she told me they didn't have enough servers so couldn't fill the tables. Are you kidding me? This is VEGAS and you know you are going to have a rush of people on Saturday and you don't have enough servers... definitely not good planning! Regardless we decided to wait around and eat here. All the food we ordered was good especially the chicken/waffles & huevos rancheros. And the Froze Hot Chocolate lived up to the hype. YUMMO! Definitely go there for some good food but except some less than par service.
I have heard a lot about this place and came here with really high expectations. I came with a group of about 10 and we waited for about 2 hours. We had to wait outside in the super hot nevada weather but luckily there were huge tents and misters around, but it was still incredibly hot. While we were waiting, my sister got a peanut butter frozen hot chocolate and it was delicious! Quite pricey, but it was worth it. When we finally did get into the restaurant, I ordered the steak and egg sandwich, again very pricey. I have to admit that the sandwich itself was not THAT great. The yolk from the egg was in that kind of coagulated state where it's not really runny and not really solidified either. Also, the skirt steak was a bit dry for my liking. The size of it was really large though. My mom ordered an almond frozen hot chocolate, with my suggestion, and it was not nearly as good as my sister's. The almond one was like little bits of ice floating around in a slight almond flavor with whipped cream and almonds on top. Not the kind of sensation I would expect for an $8-$10 signature drink. Overall I would say my experience here was okay and I guess we had to come here to say we tried it. Hopefully my next trip here will be up to par with what everyone raves about!
Cute little French-theme bistro.  But nothing spectacular.  More of a convenient stop on our walk on the stirp.
Overpriced, slow service, food was good., but not great. I don't recommend going here. There are better options on the Las Vegas strip. I had a hot dog, mac n cheese w/ bacon, frozen hot chocolate, and fries. None of them stand out as great taste, but the portion size was okay. I just don't see myself going back again.
Ugh, this place is EXPENSIVE. The frozen hot chocolate is something that you should do once in your life for the experience but the food here is all standard american food you can get anywhere else for a fraction of the price!
piece of new york in las vegas...famous for frozen hot chocolate, but not taking this weekend...great sunny day...dessert in the desert....outdoor patio seated sipping soda and relaxing...cooling mist available, but not needed this day...desserts and meals of goliath portions...enormous chocolate french toast piled to the sky...not skimping on the toppings and fixings...sweet treat a gazillion calories in appearance...platter after platters passing...workout for the servers...
I ordered the chili cheese dog and fries. The person in front of us ordered a frozen hot cocoa and apparently forgot to pick it up. The cook gave it to us after calling her number for 5 minutes and no answer. I was a little disappointed that they would put some chili on the fries for me. I was told I would have to order an entire side of chili. . . The foot long hot dog was all beef and was great. I ended up taking it out of the bun so I could finish it. The bun was good, just a lot of it. The chili was not very good, but I hate tomatoes, so other people might be fine with it. It's a little pricey but the portions are huge and you could probably feed two people off of one plate. And the frozen hot cocoa??? OH.......MY.......GOD!!!! Get one. Don't question the calories, fat or sugar - just do it.
I was a little disappointed in the frrrozen hot chocolates...definitely overpriced. $11 for a regular sized cup? Not worth it in my opinion.. . I ordered a strawberry one, expecting it to be strawberry chocolate, but it basically turned out to be a creamy strawberry smoothie. What a misleading name....only the original frrrozen hot chocolate is actually really good. . . Their pizza was good though! We got the BBQ chicken. Quite filling and it had a lot of toppings!
Cute place, but damn expensive for simple American fare.  Can you say, "tourist trap?". . The frozen hot chocolate is pretty good, though not exactly a must try while in Vegas.  Tastes like... mostly melted frozen Swiss Miss hot chocolate.  I'm pretty sure that's what I'm sure they are going for.  So props to that I guess.
Ice cream parlor outside of Caesar's palace.  Usually has a pretty long wait but if you bring a deck of playing cards, Monopoly Deal, or just catch up over cocktails whilesitting there, the time passes pretty quickly.  The sundaes are huge and if you like ice cream, this is the place for you.  I wouldn't say the ice cream is hands-down the best, but it is an experience.  They have delicious french fries too!  If you have been to the NYC one, you don't need to go to this one really... unless you're in love with the NYC one. :)
Checked in with a hangover; ordered corn beef hash and eggs/chicken and waffles. Just stared at them, couldn't eat. But services was great. Their bloody mary was declious.
Food is great but there's always a wait and the service is not so great..  As far as food goes, who can say no to scrumptious desserts and calorie-packed dishes?. . The location is conveniently located for tourists in front of Caesar's Palace so it can't be missed.  They obviously get a lot of tourists coming in so the service is lackluster because they're not trying to win regulars.
Ice cream deserves 5 stars but the food was meh.  Nothing to write home about but our "can't say no" sundae was divine.  I've been to the Serendipity in NYC before and remember really liking the food and desserts there so this Serendipity 3 needs to step it up.
Not the same vibe as the NYC restaurant AT ALL, but the menu is the same (as far as I know).  If I recall, the prices in Vegas are higher.  Food is okay, and a huge selection.  But who goes to Serendipity for the entrees????  DOUBLE CHOCOLATE FRRRROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!!!  They have several different flavors but dang, chocolate lovers can't be wrong with this one!  It's the same as the regular frozen hot chocolate, only they add a scoop of chocolate ice cream.  Ahhhh I'm salivating just thinking about it.... . Make a reservation for a table outside against the railing and you can people watch while you eat your meal :)  Vegas definitely draws an eclectic crowd!
Had it not been for our funny, kind waiter, this place would probably receive 2 stars. The hostesses were rude. . . My family & I spent Thanksgiving in Vegas, and ever since we've heard about their famous Frozen Hot Chocolate, we've been wanting to try it here, since the only other location is in NYC. . . Since it was thanksgiving, I decided to make a reservation, just in case the place crowded up for lunch. I made our reservation for 2:30, but after shopping at the Forum Shops, we decided to go in at 2. . . When making my reservation, the hostess rude and very uninviting. She seemed to be in a "whatever" mood, I'm assuming they were quite busy and she decided to be in somewhat of a bitchy mood. When she asked me whether I wanted indoor or outdoor seats, I said "whichever is available at the time" (okay, maybe that was a dumb response) and proceeded to give me a short lecture about how when making reservations you need to give an exact response just like giving an exact time. Okay, I understand I might've sounded dumb, but don't talk to your customers as if they're kids or something. It didn't really seem like she wanted to help me after that. . . When we came back around 2, I was a bit iffy and worried my parents wouldn't enjoy the restaurant since it's very whimsical and young and hip, especially since the hostess gave me sort of a negative vibe. However, after getting past the hostesses, our waiter made me feel a lot better about choosing to eat there. I was in doubt, but he was funny, honest, and helpful about the menu. . . Overall, the restaurant is unique, the Frozen Hot Chocolate is a thumbs up (we even ordered the Green Tea after trying their original), and it's definitely a good place to try out. The hostesses just sucked this day.
If you are seeking a pseudo-NY, carefully crafted WHIMSICAL experience on the Vegas strip, check this place out. . . THE WAIT: It was kind of confusing. I understand waiting in line to get in (small space by the way).  But why did we have to wait once we were notified that our table was ready? We waited with five other families for another 5 minutes after being texted that our table was ready. Is that bad planning, or careful design? It was hard to tell. . . THE SERVICE: The hostess and wait staff were strong. They were attentive and polite in spite of being incredibly busy. BUT I don't understand why a hostess would be tasked with busing tables. I am hoping they were short-handed and need to "make it work." That doesn't explain why she kept leaving the cleaning rag behind the podium. If you can, avoid being seated by the hostess stand. It seemed uncomfortable for the two groups forced to sit there. There was a food expediter in full view making sure the dishes looked good (correct, clean plates). It was nice to see his process as he carefully attended to each plate.  . . AMBIANCE: Serendipity 3 is serving visual "CHARM" and "WHIMSY" in droves. From the decor to the menus to the food. While it's gimmicky, it works. It looks like a young girl's tea party fantasy.  . . SAVORY DISHES: They were tasty. Everything was visually appealing and massive. We had the grilled  cheese with soup, the potato bites, the chicken satay wraps, and the Ahi salad.  It wasn't earth shattering, but we didn't expect it to be. We all liked our food well enough, but I would have been happy with a regular portion that had better flavor. I suppose the super-sized portions were a nod to the aforementioned WHIMSY.  . . But no one goes to Serendipity 3 for the savory dishes, right? . . DESSERT: Among us we had the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, Red Velvet Sundae, and a Black and White Sundae.  Everything was good. It was sweet, and gooey (when appropriate), and rich. And massive.  . . I have no complaints about Serendipity 3. But I also have no compliments. I don't think it's fair to compare the Vegas location to the one in NY.  The purpose here is to have a tasty meal to accompany a decadent dessert in a carefully planned "WHIMSICAL" location. This place is about creating a feeling through decor, location (on strip), lovely food, and massive desserts. And to Serendipity 3's credit, they are successful.
Stumbled in here hungover with the girls, put our names down and it took some time before we finally called. The quickest seating available was only outside which was fine, did take some time to be greeted but our server was cool. Started with coffees & screwdrivers. My friend ordered bread for the table to start with, if your hungover this is so great to get in your tummy. The crescent roll was amazing! For our meals ordered the burger since I wanted some grease to coat my stomach, my sister in law ordered their fried chicken and waffles,  my friend had the French toast combo. The chicken was undercooked but they were helpful in remakng it and taking it off the bill. Large servings but still overpriced, was it the best food I've had in Vegas? no. But after experiencing sugar factory I must say this restaurant is much better quality of food, service and prices. I would love to come back and try their desserts.
My husband and our friends came to Serendipity 3 twice while we were in Vegas in July 2012. The first time was for dinner, which was very good but typical American type sandwiches and burgers. Huge sizes! We sat outside due to the long wait inside and even though it was over 100 degrees outside the fans kept us cool. Our waitress was not friendly at all and had zero personality. The second time we came was just for the frozen hot chocolate (which was SO good!) and we sat at the bar but again the staff was not friendly at all. The restaurant is adorable and has a very whimsical, fun feel to it but the staff really does not give the same vibe.
Fattymax recommended to try this place as she has heard about the one in New York.  So we decided to give it a shot to see what the fuss was about.  The frozen hot chocolate seemed to be what everyone goes there for but unfortunately I wanted to try something different so we ended up getting the Buffalo Chicken Pizza, Crab Artichoke Dip, and the Carrot Cake Sundae, topped off with a pint of Sierra Nevada.  The service was good but the prices are steep.  The food came out relatively quickly, which I kind of had second thoughts about but we were so hungry that it was welcomed.  The pizza was pretty big, containing about 5 huge slices, enough for 2 people but i can see how a single hungry person can devour it.  The buffalo sauce was pretty spicy and the added blue cheese definitely is a must.  The crab artichoke dip was tangy but it was a big portion.  Lastly the sundae...I can say we were in for more than we bargained for.  It was a huge piece of carrot cake on top of vanilla ice cream topped with frosting.  It was so large that by the time we got to the ice cream portion, it had already melted (which was a bummer).  I felt that for the price we paid ($56) I would want smaller portions so that i can enjoy the dish, rather than trying to race through before the ice cream melted.  Go for the frozen ice chocolate, but you can find better food for better pricing on the strip.
Tourist trap.. . Come here for the Frozen Hot Chocolate only if you're into the whole touristy thing, otherwise, don't consider coming.  $11 for one of these things?  Sure it looks pretty, but it's a small portion just over mounded with whipped cream.  Dine in, you can probably split with a friend or two, but when you get it to go, you can see how little you get for that $11.  Overpriced.  You are better off geting real food here, which is mediocre at best.. . Skip.
Stopped by for dinner because I was curious to try it out. . Ordered the Buffalo Chicken Pizza, Lobster Artichoke Dip and Carrot Cake Sundae. . . Out of all of these my favorite was the dip. It was creamy and stayed consistently hot for a long duration of time as we ate it. The dip didn't ball up or string up. Hard to keep my hands off of the bite sized bread slices that came with the dip because they were delicious!. . The pizza on the other hand was a lot spicier than we had expected. Tons of cheese and I found myself scraping off some of the cheese. The blu cheese crumble added some flavor to the otherwise large mass of mozzarella. . . Ended with the sundae and was satisfied. I had thought they would mix in the carrot cake with the ice cream but it was simply a smack dab piece of carrot cake balanced on top of the sundae. It tasted good but I felt as if I could make it at home. . . Overall our service was good, but one thing I was surprised about was how the interior of the restaurant seemed "cafeteria-ish". Painted concrete floor. Very echo-ey so it was hard to hear when conversing. . . I'm glad I tried this place but it's a one time thing.
My meal was very good but not as spectacular as this place and it's food have been made out to be. It's also always crowded, noisy, and service can be slow. Prices are also not worth most of the meals they serve. I'll still give it 3 stars. Why? The cons are pretty much expected for a tourist joint, my waitress was friendly, and like I said, my meal wasn't bad. I'm just not sure if I'll be a return customer.. not too impressive.
So I hear this place was sooooo good so of course i had to give it a try.  I came here at around 8:30pm on a friday night expecting to wait in a long line but we were seated right away inside.  Being the coffee addict that I am, I ordered the frozen mocccchachino hot chocolate and my sister was craving onion rings.  . . Frozen mochachino ($11): We ordered the regular size and I must say this was pretty tasty butttt not worth the money.  I feel that I can make a mocha drink, pop it in the freezer, and then take it out and it would taste just the same.  Delicious but way overpriced. . Onion rings ($9): these were big FAT onion rings!  I thought these were pretty tasty.  The only way I willeat an onion is if it is fried!!!  They sprinkled some parmesan cheese on it which I thought was kind of odd but I tolerated it by dunking it in ranch and BBQ sauce.. . Overall, its a cute place with great service, but the food was just mediocre to me.  I wanted to experience it but this place was just had to much hype.  I MIGHT come back to try their other food items..maybeee..... . NOTE:. -Outdoor/Indoor seating (heaters available outside). -Right by Caesars Palace Hotel
During one of our many trips to LV, I just had to come here to see what the talk was all about.  I knew what I def wanted to try, since all I hear about is this frozen hot chocolate.  So I ordered one, and don't get me wrong.....it was yummy but def overpriced.  The place is very cute, but their menu is just too overpriced.  If you're going to LV for the first time, you should check it out though.
Having been to the Serendipity in NYC. I thought this one was another huge tourist trap on the strip but it still maintained the flavors of its NYC counterpart.
The frozen chocolate was good, but super sweet.  It's worth a try if you have not had it before.  Our server was nice and friendly, but the service towards the end of the meal sucked - my water was empty for more than half of my meal, and settling the bill took for-e-ver...  It was a good dining experience, but ruined by the lack of service.. I really don't think I will come here again...
This restaurant is full-service. This means: you cannot order the Frozen Hot Chocolate that everyone is raving about without sitting at a table. We were, however, allowed to sit at the bar.. . We were treated very courteously, and our orders of Frozen Hot Chocolate ("For Two" version) and Oreo Frozen Hot Chocolate were served quickly with a lot of whipped creme on top. Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/serendipity-3-las-vegas?select=B82_m1pw7Ue0s1LQguyiSw#B82_m1pw7Ue0s1LQguyiSw. . Were they worth the $10+ each? No. We wouldn't order them again. Take hot chocolate, add ice cubes to them, put it through a frozen smoothie blender, and add the finished product to another cup of hot chocolate, and that's what you get. Pass on this.
You think their famous frozen hot chocolate is good? Then you must try the frozen hot mint chocolate! It's not on their menu, but you can substitute one scoop of chocolate ice cream with mint chocolate ice cream in their double frozen hot chocolate. So amazing! SLURPPPP!. . We also tried their fried chicken and waffles as well as crescent-wich. The crescent-wich is basically a croissant sandwich with sausage, egg and cheese. To be honest, they were both overly salty. Good thing I had the frozen mint chocolate to balance that out! The portions are huge! However, the price is also steep! So I recommend coming here for dessert instead of savory foods.
One of my gf's LOVES this place so it's sometimes a go to spot. I honestly don't understand the hype or feel that it's all that great based on my last two experiences. . For one... If you don't come early, the line is really unbearable. Two, it's simply a dessert place. Order anything else and you might not be too happy. Just sayin'.... We ordered a deviled eggs appetizer (no longer on the menu, go figure) that was over salted... The caesar salad had no real taste to it either (again, not on the menu). I ate maybe a quarter of it and took it to go, but later threw it away. Hopefully the food has gotten better.. The staff is friendly and cheerful at least. I think you have to be uppidy to work at a place like this. . . In conclusion... Stay for the atmosphere and sweets, but get a more substantial meal elsewhere. You'll get more bang for your buck that way.
Too expensive. I really like the frozen hot chocolate but I hate paying $11 for it. . . We go here when we want a treat but there are so many choices on the strip that it isn't worth waiting in a long line for.
Okay... So first of all, this place is wayyy overhyped. Don't get me wrong, the restaurant is cute and everything on the Strip is going to be expensive, so I'm not going to complain about that. . . The regular frozen hot chocolate though.. Tasted like what... cold chocolate milk? With whipped cream and chocolate flakes? o__O" Seriously? What. Okay. Thank goodness I shared it with my friend. . . The nachos were really good though. They make the tortilla chips themselves I'm almost positive and the dips+cheese+ground beef was really a nice mix of food. It definitely made up for the rest of my snackage. It's worth the price 'cause they give you such a huge portion as an appetizer. . . The verdict? Nachos, yes. Frozen hot chocolate... ehhh.... . The waitress was super nice and there wasn't a long wait for us.. But it was like... 10:00pm. lol
Direkt am Las Vegas Boulevard (Strip) gelegen, gehort dieses Restaurant zum Caesars Palace (http://www.qype.com/place/155631-Caesars-Palace-Las-Vegas) Hotel. Zwischen dem Hotel und dem Serendipity die Wasserspiele und Springbrunnen, die von der Auenterrasse wunderbar zu beobachten (und fotografieren) sind. Und zur anderen Seite das pulsierende Leben des Strip..  (Siehe Foto unten) Gehobenes Burger Restaurant .  so kann man das Serendipity am besten beschreiben. Obwohl  es gibt nicht nur Burger, die groe Menukarte ist umfangreich und bietet auch jede Menge Pizzen, Omelets und andere Eiergerichte, dazu verfuhrerische, groe Desserts  Eis, Cremes und sonstige Naschereien.. Im Innenraum sind die Tische sehr eng gestellt, zu Essenszeiten ist es meist gerammelt voll und Gesprachsfuhrung kaum noch moglich. Schoner ist es da schon auf der Auenterrasse. Der Blick auf den direkt vor einem liegenden Strip ist lebendiges Kino. Und mit einem guten Teleobjektiv lassen sich von hier aus unbemerkt die kuriosesten Fotos schieen. . Fur Las Vegas Verhaltnisse lasst es sich preislich vernunftig essen. Wir waren mehrfach hier und haben  naturlich, wenn schon dann schon  Burger getestet: A.B.C. Burger ($ 16+), BBQ & Blue Burger ($ 16+), B.E.C. Burger ($ 17+), aber auch ein Omelet East West ($ 14+). Wir bestellten die Burger medium rare und erfuhren, dass dies hier pink genant wird. Die aus Sukartoffeln hergestellten Pommes gibt es zum Burger dazu und schmecken vorzuglich. Soft Drinks heien in den Staaten Sodas (Cokes, Fantas etc.) kosten $ 4. Und den Pott Kaffee bekommt man fur $ 4, freies Nachschenken inklusive.. Zu Spitzenzeiten ist das Restaurant sehr gut besucht und man muss Wartezeiten bis zu 45 Minuten hinnehmen. Die Bedienung wie immer freundlich, aber bei vollem Lokal uberfordert. Haufiges Warten ist leider angesagt, auf die Bestellannahme, auf die Lieferung des Bestellten und auch auf die Rechnung, die doch sonst in den Staaten immer so schnell auf den Tisch gelegt wird. . Fazit: Zentral gelegene, preislich vernunftige Futterstelle. Wer Zeit mitbringt und diese Art Kuche mag, der wird zufrieden sein. Gratis gibt es von der Terrasse das Las Vegas Spektakel. Gute drei Sterne.
My review will be on what I ordered:. . Frozen Hot Chocolate - I've had this before about 9 years ago in New York and I am glad to say that it tastes exactly the same as I remembered it.  Chocolatey, creamy, and smooth without being too rich.  Very refreshing and light.  The regular size is just the right amount of share even though it says the large is for two.. . Hot Wings - Eh... I hate when I order wings and the skin is SOGGY and MUSHY.  The sauce is much spicier than what most restaurants offer on their wings.  . . OVERALL:  Mainly came here because my girlfriend has never tried this place.  I wish we had better service because it made her experience a sh***y one.  . . Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!!
Came here for a light dinner before seeing a comedy show our last night in Vegas. It was good, but not as great as people made it out to be. The food was okay, I didnt really love mine, but my friend got a crab cake salad that looked really good. It may have just been what I ordered.. . We sat outside and the view is amazing. You can see all of Caesar's and it's really a nice place to unwind. . . The frozen hot chocolate had to be the highlight of the entire experience. This thing was HUGE. I checked in on foursquare and got it for free, which was great because they're over $10.
I have mixed feelings about this place -- not sure it lives up to the hype.. . First, the atmosphere is very girly.  I think it is supposed to look a little like a soda fountain, but there is a little too much pink and "Hello Kitty" stuff.. . The prices are Las Vegas crazy -- like $17 for a hot dog or $12-15 for an ice cream sundae.  I have eaten dinner there before, but its really not worth the prices that you pay.. . The desserts, however, are quite good -- although still overpriced.  The sundaes are really the draw for this place, with lots of interesting choices.. . If you really like ice cream, give this place a try -- but expect to drop some cash.
The wait here is ridiculous, about 40 min since it was cold outside and everyone wanted to stay inside. Went to the bar to get a drink while waiting and got seats in 5  min, they serve the full menu there. Have a Spicy Bloody Mary, you have to taste it. I personally thought that it was horrible but the lady next to me had like 2 of them! The omelette is good but the Fired Chicken strips Vegas Style were pretty common. The Carrot cake Sundae was excellent but we were so full that we just couldn't get ourselves to have the Frozen Hot Chocolate, maybe next time.
So based on food - like actual food - this place deserve's a 2 star rating. For the price you pay, i dont feel the food is up to par. I wasnt impressed at all.. . However, their desserts..... MY OH MY ARETHE GOOD!!! My and my friend came here every night for something... the one ... the only... Deep Fried Oreos and Ice Cream... but this isnt your average fried oreo obsession... no sir... it is covered in what looks (and tastes) like corn flakes!!! it adds a crunch to the dessert that is simply amazing!. . I will come back over and over when i come to Vegas - but just for Dessert :)
Worth going to.  Once.  Maybe more than once if you are into GINORMOUS desserts.  The reviews of Serendipity have a common theme, which is that most people say the food is just fair if not lousy, but come for the desserts.  I agree with these people.  They are absolutely right. A couple of weeks ago, while famished and ready for a huge breakfast, my group walked over from The Venetian and got in line with the hordes.  This was a good sign, so I thought.  With all these pleading throngs just begging for their chance at a table, I was thinking this is going to be good.  The feeling intensifed when reading the menu posted outside on the walls, with many items entertainingly described.  Anyway, when we got seated, and the food came, reality set in.  The food was mediocre.  Picture Denny's or an I-Hop on steroids.  Huge omelettes, a French Toast brick that literally was the size of a brick, that sort of thing.  And a problem was that the French Toast brick actually tasted like a brick.  Then there was the foot long steak sandwich that you eat about an inch of, and then you go, "Done."   All this changes with the desserts.  Amazing.  Huge.  Good.  Satisfying.  Fun.   The oxymoronically named "Frozen Hot Chocolate" was actually damn good.  So If you are in the area and wandering the strip like the Israelites did in biblical times and you want a "stuff your face" fun dessert experience, Serendipity is probably worth a trip.
This review is only about the quick to-go counter outside and the frrrozen hot chocolate.. . The frrrozen hot chocolate is delicious! Let's just start with that. It's not huge, but it's perfect to share with two straws and tons of whipped cream.. . But $11 dollars for one? After having it I was already making plans to make my own at home with hot chocolate mix and my blender (I'm sure it can be done, right?) It seemed like a perfect dessert spot and I really wanted to try the nachos - I saw my friends had some and it looked delicious and for only $7! . . I'm glad I came to try the frrrozen hot chocolate since it has been on my "Vegas to do list for a while" and it was delicious, just too long of a line (waited 30 minutes to an hour), too slow of service, and kind of too expensive for just dessert.. especially with no alcohol content in it at all.. . Also, if management is going to give some random girl in front of me a wholepretzel for no reason and leave me hanging, boo! It wasn't even her birthday or anything.
I came there last summer for  my Fiance's Birthday in July after watching Phantom of the Opera. We were served by a gentlemen by .. I believe his name is Lance. After making our  drink and food orders. I saw the staff singing happy birthday to a little girl. I then asked Lance if his staff could do the same for my fiance since it was his birthday. He told me he was going to see what he could do. So after having our dinner we got our frozen hot chocolate. And I flagged lance down and asked why they didn't sing happy birthday.. ... he said he didn't do it for anyone no older then 12 yrs old! I was like (WTF) are you serious?! He then goes on to say "you can sing him happy birthday and I can give you a candle" So when he got the candle he yelled out "everybody lets hear it for this guy it's his birthday today! and said "now you can sing him happy birthday" and walked away! My fiance and I looked at each other like omg! Seriously WTF was that? I would have given him ANY STARS! On our way out of Las Vegas we had called the next morning to complain to a manager to let him know what happened and Mike told my fiance that Lance tends to do what he wants at night but he was still supposed to accommodate us for what we wanted (So basically he refused to do that service for me! what a Jerk! ) and Mike apologized and told us to come in that night for a complementary dinner on the house. My fiance told him we were about to board a plane to go to CA. at the time. So Mike said the next time we were be in town to Look him up! ... So in October of last year we went back and spoke to a fairly new manager and told him of our experience and gave us a great server by the name of Lori. She was very helpful in helping us decide which foods were good, and she was from were we originally were from was San Jose, CA. She knew exactly what mall my fiance and I worked at and what area it was in! How cool was that! She did a way better job than Lance did tending to our needs and always checked up on us to see if we were doing OK. That's the kind of customer service that people should always get which is the reason why I gave 3 stars.
Stopped by for a Frozen Hot Chocolate and it was surprisingly pleasant! Unfortunately our service was terrible once the waitress realized we weren't there to eat and pretty much put us in the back burner. My sister ate here a prior day for lunch and loved the food and didn't complain of any service.
Service 2 stars! Food 3 stars! Second time eating here with the same experience - Average!
I like that I can walk here if I'm staying at Caesar's Palace because I really like the frozen hot chocolate. It's not to die for but it's good and especially on a hot day in Vegas. . I like that this place gives me special treatment when I use my diamond card. . I get to skip the average 1hr+ wait time, they give me a VIP sign on my table, & they bring me chocolate covered cheesecake on the house as I'm waiting for my order. :) . . Other than that, it's mostly over-rated & over priced as the food is no big deal & yes, I agree $11 is a high price for a cup of chocolate icee. . But I admit I pay the price because I actually like the cheesy pink atmosphere, I really like chocolate, & I like the special treatment given to diamond card members. :P
Is any drink ever worth $13 in Vegas? The answer is NO, unless there's alcohol involved. Which sadly, there isn't in the frozen hot chocolate.
The atmosphere here is awkward for some reason, can't put my finger on it... but it reminds of me a cafeteria with an alice-in-wonderland kinda vibe. nevertheless if you're in vegas and you want a spot to take the cutie that you met in da club the night prior (I could tell there were several of you around when I was there ;)), this is the spot. Here's my suggestion. Pretend that this is impromptu, come here without a reservation, wait the 15-20 min, get seated away from the doors if it's cold as hell outside, get their fun appetizers, and scope your lady out for less than 20 bucks. Don't get the green tea shake, it tasted like ass. They should seriously put 2 cups of sugar in that shit.. . Your lady will like thisplace better than the Denny's that you had in mind, it's sensible on your budget, and just unique enough to sorta make you seem interesting. Best of luck
Portions were HUGE!!!! It's good for breakfast. But don't expect anything wow!. . Wait was waiting waiting waiting waiting....took forever!
I agree with the other Chris G who wrote a review here. This place sucks. From its appearance, which reminds me of the color of pink that my friend had vomited after eating a strawberry milkshake, to its confusing counterintuitive layout. I had felt like I entered and exited the wrong door:. . I was in Las Vegas this past September for a social outing. Now, behold: I was not the person who wanted to come here. Far from it. So while I am going to use this time on Yelp to kick my feet up in the air in a fit of childish rage, I was also pleasantly surprised.. . And for that, I bequeath it an extra star. . . I knew somebody who knew somebody else who liked this place because it offers a $1000-gold-encrusted sundae with a gold spoon. The only people who actually order this sundae are people commissioned by Food Network or campy documentaries on Las Vegas to photograph/film/review/fetishize it. . . But the decadence and silliness of Las Vegas people ordering such desserts happens often enough, according to a server with middle american permed bangs who boasted to our table about it.. . The food is typical diner fare and I felt as if I was lucky, incredibly lucky, to choose a delicious boca burger that wasn't as bland and horrible as I was expecting it to be. The sweet potato fries are, in fact, so surprisingly good, it disillusioned me. Everything was more fluffy, than big. But it certainly was filling. Thanks to the friends who had me kicking and screaming all the way over here, not really.
I have been to the Serendipity's outside of Las Vegas and unfortunately they are all the same..."OK". Great for dessert and EXCELLENT for people watching but unless you want to overpay for actual meals, I would go elsewhere.
We arrived around 10am on a Friday morning. I guess we beat the rush, because we walked right in and were immediately shown to a table. The decor was a funky/girly take on an old time soda shop. I immediately liked the atmosphere. Our server was great as well. . . Now the food, although huge portions and visually appealing, the flavor was nothing to get too excited about. I definitely think we could have gotten better quality for much less had we gone elsewhere. . . All in all, I am glad to have tried out Serendipity. I will go back to try one of the amazing looking desserts, but not for the food.
I ordered the Steak Sandwich w/Fries, and the Frozen Hot Chocolate.  The sandwich and fries was awesome (please note, the sandwich is HUGE, so I ate it open face.  The PB Frozen Hot Chocolate was incredibly overrated, and I was quite dissapointed (considering it is an $11 milkshake.)  I found it too sweet (not enough dark chocolate notes), and the Peanut Butter helped cut down on the sweetness.  The whipped cream and Reese's cups on top were by far the best thing about it.  . . I did enjoy the ambiance, but its definitely your neighborhood diner kicked up a few notches.. . Considering the price, I don't think I would visit again.
This place is what i would call "typical" food.  there's nothing really special about it.  I had a foot long chili dog with sweet potato fries.  The sweet potato frieswere stand out delicious, and the hot dog was meh.  This place is spectacular for anyone with a sweet tooth.  Their deserts are amazing, and the food is...alright.  If your looking for an after dinner place to grab a really fancy and delicious sunday, then this is the place to go.  If you're looking for food...find somewhere else.
I know they're trying to imitate the original Serendipity in NY and they do a good job at it when it comes to decor and options on the menu. But I think they ruined the east coast theme of this place. It's also overcrowded and over hyped to the point where you can't get seats if you wanted to. . . The frozen hot chocolate is a must when you come here, but I felt like due to our wait and waiting for a seat, our frozen hot chocolate was just cold chocolate. Their pastries were underwhelming and I love desserts! So for me to not be impressed is saying a lot! . . To end my eh experience, walking out to smell people smoking just added to it.
I don't really give bad reviews but I was a little disappointed I guess cause of the hype of it. It's not a place I'd recommend to eat at but it wouldn't be so bad if I was walking the strip and came across it. Portions are pretty big it's better to share it's not food you want to take home later. My friend had the shrimp pesto penne it was really good but freaked me out that one of the shrimp wasn't cleaned properly. Overall my expectations for this place was very high since It was on the strip. 3 stars for good service.
Everything was delicious! And the outside view of the restaurant is of the flamingo. Having said that, my drinks were way too sweet! Less sugar and more alcohol! The food was very expensive, but sensational. All I can say is: bun, steak, eggs, bacon, bun... Best sandwich idea ever!
Let me first start out by saying if my kids were going to review this place they would probably give it at least 4 stars if not 5. They would give it 4 only because every time you go - you have to wait for a table. We have gone mostly for ice cream and desserts. They do make an absolutely awesome sundae that is a must treat while in Vegas. however, you can plan on a wait and the service is honestly less than stellar. The prices are a bit over the top - but you come to expect that when you are dining on the strip these days. It's still an experience and if we are on the strip - the kids always want to go. If you plan on eating there, definitely save room for dessert. You will not be disappointed.
Not impressed, had their signature Frozen hot chocolate desert, very much like a Cinnabon chiller with more whip cream and chocolate slivers for twice the price, food came out way too slow and the service was mediocre at best, one and done.
I've been here a couple of times.  The menu here is pretty basic...pizzas, burgers, hot dogs, etc.  Prices can be steep for what you get.  The first time I came here I got the Foot Long Chili & Cheese Hot Dog, which was pretty good.  The second time around I got the Macaroni and Cheese which was okay.  Desserts are what they specialize in.  Both times around I got the Deep Fried Oreos & Ice Cream Sundae.  The deep fried oreos were delicious and went well with the cookies n cream ice cream.  If you are trying to eat healthy you should definitely NOT eat here!
Had to come here because of all the hype over the frrrozen hot chocolate. I admit it was pretty tasty, but not that exciting. They have an extensive dessert menu, and all kinds of variations on their frrrozen hot chocolate.  That is really the only reason to go. . Our food was meh. We ordered a crab/artichoke dip, a chicken sandwich, and my kids ordered spaghetti with meatballs and chicken fingers. . The dip wasn't great, but I liked that it had large chunks of real crab. It was too runny and bland, and I know that I can make a better version at home. The chicken sandwich was ok, but the fries were tasty. . The kids chicken fingers were freshly battered - pretty good. The spaghetti was actually a pappardelle pasta, which was good, but the meatball were undercooked!  So gross!. With so many other options, I wouldn't try this place again. I would much rather eat at the Sugar Factory if I were looking for a similar dining experience with a patio overlooking the strip.
Like many of the other reviews, I also feel the price for the food isn't worth all that hype.  I recently dined there for my birthday and has brunch. Based on their fun menu, I thought we'd be blown away by their dishes. Wrong.. . I had their chicken and waffles. Should have skipped it. The portion itself was a good size. The waffles were quartered and was pretty good. Touch of sweetness and light and fluffy. But the chicken, boy was I hoping for more. It had good flavor but the skin was not the crispy, crackling skin you'd hoped for. I could tell it was sitting under a heat lamp as it started to have that stale bite.. . You'll notice my operative word: good. That's just how I can best describe Serendipity. It was good, not great. BUT if I was basing it on their desserts, then yes, they deserve an additional star. They come in these heaping bowls that are big enough for 4...maybe even more depending on your love of sweets.  I'll pass on the frozen hot chocolate as it wasn't amazing like everyone says. So if you plan on giving into the calories, get the Can't Say No sundae. It's just that, you can't deny the peanut butter pie slice plopped atop a mountain of ice cream and whipped cream that is so satisfying.. . This review pretty much did a 360 but hope it all made sense. Go for the dessert, not the food. Plain and simple.
Second time coming here! I was extremely impressed my first time coming here with the frozen hot chocolate which was absolutely amazing! Highly recommended.. . This time I decided to try something knew so I got the marshmallow mint explosion. It took a bit longer to make but when it came, it looked like a big blob of goodness with mint chocolate ice cream, thick chocolate chips and a marshmallow cream up top. However, It was ultra sweet and almost unbearable.... I really got sick of it after just a few bites and almost could not finish the thing. After I had the dessert I was a bit sick to my stomach, I don't recommend getting this. Should have stuck to their frozen hot chocolate.
We made reservations way ahead of time---we had a big group of 25. The location is amazing. The view is beautiful. We sat outside. The food isn't as amazing as its hyped up to be. I had the Eastern Omlet (or something like that with mushrooms added). It was decent but nothing amazing. The breakfast potatoes are delicious. My friend had the chocolate french toast---it was very delicious. Service was great! Overall, a cute place to have brunch and the food is decent.
This is obviously a huge tourist attraction. But fun for kids who have never been. I mean who can pass up a Frozen Hot Chocolate?? The food is ok, but overpriced. The floors were really dirty and that is something that I hate. Who knows how the kitchen might look? Def. make a reservation or you will end up waiting.
Frozen Hot Chocolate.  That's pretty much it...it's worth the wait and worth trying it at least once, no matter what the impact on your wallet is.
two thumbs up!! Frozen hot choc. Been there few nothing I cud rave about except the frozen hot choc really. Neat place for people watching??
Love, love, love the frozen hot chocolate!!! However, the service is horrible. Next time I'll just go for the frozen hot chocolate and order it from the outside part!
Been here twice..... . 1st experience I would give Serendipity 3 a modest two star.  Service was not up to par with the majority of the strip but the atmospher, especially if you sit outside makes it better.  I Got the Challah French toast which would be good if you have never had French toast made with delicious Jewish holiday egg bread but was mediocre for what it is.  I probably could make one better(and it would be stuffed with cookie butter from Trader Joe's :D ) . . I was craving lunch as well so I ordered the summer brie's which is a pumpernickel raisin bread sandwich with turkey, alfalfa sprouts, sliced apples and the overall decision maker for me, melted brie.  The sandwich  was good, but not great and I always have high hopes for a sandwich that has such promise and all the neccessary components of a perfectly balanced sandwich.  . . During my 2nd visit, I had a much better experience.  My friend Dindi told me how amazing the frozen hot chocolate was andI did not hesitate to find out for myself.. I was unaware of how EPIC Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate is.  Got two different flavors: a white chocolate frooooozen and a Peanut Butter frooooozen.  . . All I could think was HOLY COW......I am going to convert to Hinduism.  . . Tastes just like hot chocolate, the other flavors in the drink only make it better, and I will DEFINITELY stop at the walk up counter outside when I am entering or leaving Ceasar's Palace.  . . As for the food this time around...much better all around.  . . I got the crab cake sandwich and not anything about this sandwich was on point.  The crab cake tasted fresh, was not fishy, had a perfect amount of sauce and toppings and was definitely not skimpy with the crab cakes.  . . My favorite dish that I have had thus far from Serendipity was their steak sandwich.  Came on footlong Italian bread, mayo, lettuce, tomato, basically two separate cuts of steak and three sunny side up eggs.  MUAH!. Washed this monster of a sandwich down with a root beer, Death Valley Root Beer to be exact, which is even tastier, creamier, and richer since they have it on draught.  . . Ended my 2nd visit to Serendipity and my weekend in Las Vegas with a bang, with a carrot cake sundae.  BOMB...ORDER THIS.  ***Just note this dessert is ridiculously rich, so for those not the mood for dessert or are not much on sweets, I would not recommend***
I love my friends. Especially the ones that drag me on little adventures. I came here on behest of a friend who had been to this place a couple times before. She fawned over the frozen hot chocolate. We were on the waiting place and I liked how they offered to text us when our table was ready. I was worried about it since we had been waiting in the initial line for so long, but we were soon called up in about 5 minutes. We were seated and then searched the menu with a fine toothed comb. We decided to split a foot long hot dog and a red velvet sundae. The hot dog was great. It was very  large and juicy to boot! The sundae was amazing! She doesn't like ice cream so much and I was happy to eat it for the both of us. She did get some bites in though and enjoyed it as well. The fudge was so great and the entire meal was really good. . . The only con I can think of is that it is completely over priced. The portions are large and the food is good, however, I can't fully justify every just dropping in to this place. I would return for the desserts and I definitely want to try the frozen hot chocolate, but not for food or other things. There are so many other places with similar foods that are more reasonable.
Crazy mad Spring Break crowds! We stopped by after eating at a buffet, so I wasn't hungry, but I still wanted to try the Frozen Hot Chocolate (I know - oink oink me). We used the side "to-go" window, and it moved pretty SLOW. Anyway, the drink itself was just OK for me. Tried it just to say I've tried it and now I'm over it...
3 years ago, my bf took me to serendipity 3 for dessert. it was my first time having serendipity at that time. before then, serendipity was just a movie. when I first walked in, my first impression was, "wow!!! this is very pink!". . the service was very good. our waitress was very friendly. we ordered the famous frozen hot chocolate and coffee. the frozen hot chocolate was perfect. it was the best shake that I ever had. it was creamy and sweet. it was delicious to the core. . . I tried their food the couple of times I came back since then, but its average. ill say, 2.5 stars. my recommendation, is go for the sweets, and stay out of the food.
After visiting the one in New York, I decided to visit the one in Vegas. The food is the same, but the atmosphere and layout of the restaurants are completely different. The Vegas one has a modern flavor to it, and you don't feel the charm of the place like you do in New York. Even going mid-afternoon on a Wednesday, my friends and I had to wait an hour. Once seated service was quick. The food is OK, nothing amazing. The desserts are large, but again they aren't the most amazing desserts on the planet. It's fun to visit, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
Awwww, Serendipity 3!  This place is very much about the experience.  I visited the original Serendipity 3 in NYC last time I was in the Big Apple.  I went to this one in Vegas to take my daughter and friend for a birthday lunch a little bit ago.  The food is ok, nothing special, but it isn't bad either.  Of course the main reason to go to Serendipity 3 is for the desserts!  When the dessert menu is just as long as the food menu, you know you are in for a treat!   . . Just a warning, there is almost always a wait, so be prepared for that.  It also can be cramped once you are seated, so keep that in mind as well.  A good note would be if you have a Caesars players card.  If you do, show them and you will get a couple dollars taken off of your bill.  Never hurts to save a few bucks, especially on the Strip where everything is overpriced to begin with!
OK, been here 3 times now for dessert. One of these days I'm going to eat real food here. The dessert is always delicious. this time I ordered the can't say no sundae, but I substituted the coffee ice cream for cookie dough (which I highly recommend because it tastes awesome with the peanut butter in the humble pie!) We came in about an hour before they closed, and there was a 20 min wait. Finally got our table, our server was about as inattentive and unfriendly as they come. Dude, you work in an ice cream parlor, and your night's almost over. Slap a smile on, even if it's fake. Nobody wants a side of grump with their hot fudge sundae. As I said, the desserts were awesome as always. We were done eating and waited for our check for at least 15 minutes. The table behind us, who ordered after us, got their check before us. Then the guy came over and asked us if we needed anything else, still didn't bring us the check! Finally got the check after the restaurant was already closed. Kind of a bummer. All in all, I will be back for more delicious dessert and maybe eventually some entrees, and I'll hope for better service in the future...
It's ok. A lot more spacious than the one in NYC.  It's just too expensive for not a lot of desert/food. You might as well get your money's worth inside the forum shops at max brenners
Went here last year late night.  Food was just ok, nothing special.  Deserts were better but not outstanding, overall ok, 3 stars
Pretty good, but the wait and price are ridiculous
Serendipity means a "happy accident" or "pleasant surprise"; specifically, the accident of finding something good or useful while not specifically searching for it (according to Wikipedia).  And although there were awesome finds on the menu, there were a few disppointments as well. . . What you can definitely tell from their menu is that Serendipity 3 aims to please.  Their options for food and beverages are deliberately decadent, pushing the limits of comfort food beyond counting calories into a happy place close to Willy Wonka's chocolate river.  The place also envelopes you in a quirky pink atmosphere.. . We had the $30 jumbo lump crab entree for appetizers, and though steep, was worth every dollar.  Huge chunks of (what tasted like fresh) crab in a good mustard seed sauce.  The onion rings were huge (and that's about it), I've had better, way better.  The ahi tuna salad would've really rocked if the ahi was larger and of better quality.  The ABC burger with brie cheese, avocado and caramelized onions seemed so great in theory, and I don't know if we just received a bad execution.  The burger was dry, inspite of the luscious toppings.  . . And finally, the frozen hot chocolate came to our table. My eyes and my mouth were drooling.  I closed my eyes as I took my first sip and... and it tastes like a regular chocolate milkshake.  Sigh, the pitfalls of having high expectations.  I dunno, I was expecting something more.. frozen? More chocolate goodness? But what I had was a melted version of a milkshake.. that came in a larger, prettier package.. . So all in all, we enjoyed and perhaps this review really suffered from high expectations.  Oh, and the fact that they didn't have rest room in the restaurant.  My husband said he had to share the public toilet with some bums shaving their beards.  Will we go back?  Maybe when we're really parched and in the mood for crab cakes.  I'll invest  my $12 in other chocolate milkshakes.  Or a martini.
The wait for this restaurant was crazy and we went on a Tuesday afternoon. Very small inside and noisy unless you get a table on the patio. Hostesses seem to pretty much do everything. Please hire some bussers for those poor girls. Food was good, prices kind of outrageous in my opinion, but I'd probably go back because I like the menu.
The portions are obnoxiously huge and I don't think the food was that good.  I have never been in a race to go back.
The wait to be seated was obnoxious so we just decided to order from the take out window and sit in the courtyard....which was much better than sitting inside since it was a gorgeous evening.  Honestly, I was pretty much full from dinner so I was hesitant about even going here since I saw the reviews and the portions seemed huge.  So I opted for just a single scoop of vanilla ice creme.  I must say that that single scoop was pretty awesome.
I believe this place is over rated because of the ambiance. The ambiance receives a much higher rating then the quality of the food. I rather pick up a tub of Haagen Dazs at the local supermarket and a couple of bananas while I'm at it. If I get in the mood, melt my own chocolate as well!
Great ambiance, only had to wait 10 minutes when they told us 20.  Request outside seating to soak in the view and scenery of the Ceasar's Fountains.  Kinda pricey but the food is good.  The desserts are off the hook.   . . All in all a cool spot I definitely recommend.
Even though the reviews weren't great, my husband & I tried Serendipity 3 on Friday, May 24, 2013, for lunch. We waited less than 10 minutes, & we had a nice table outside. I loved the crab & artichoke appetizer but felt the bread was too thick. Chips would have been a better side. My husband had the spaghetti & meatballs. He thought the meatballs were flavored well, but he did not like the marinara. I had the American cheeseburger w/ sweet potato fries. They were both good. Large portions. I wouldn't recommend eating here if the wait is longer than 30 minute, but go if less!
Great desserts...and that is about it.  Service and wait time cannot be more hot/cold to pay those prices and sit that long.
Yum.  Very caloric.  I would only have an ice cream there.  Nice to sit on the strip eat a cold ice cream a watch the world go by.
Hat their frozen hot chocolate, it was basically a milkshake. misleading, but very good
I've only come here for the frozen hot chocolate and it's a good treat to cool off with but it isn't as great as people make it out to be. The wait to order was about 30 minutes and $13 was a bit pricey for iced cocoa powder.
The wait can be long so try to make a reservation before hand. A little pricey but the portions are decent. Mac n cheese was very tasty!
Keeping this short and sweet. Go for the desserts, skip the meals/food here. There food isn't anything that has wow factor, but as others has said it's typical American fare but jacked up about $5 a plate. . . This place is always super busy as well so either go at an "odd" time or when you're not starving. . . Pros:. -The desserts! It's what their reputation was built on.... -The pinky pink decor, it makes you feel like you're in a sweet shop. -Our server was very nice and attentive. . Cons:. -Pricey - you're on the strip...at the foot of Ceasar's Palace you pay for that locale. -The food wasn't worth the price; it was good and freshly prepared but so is Applebee's and IHOP. They just have prettier plating.. -Always busy, expect a min 20min wait. -Don't get the Frozen Hot Chocolate with alcohol, it's expensive and you will NOT get a buzz (if that's what you were expecting.). . Tips: Park Valet at Ceasar's and tell them you're going to Serendipity. The valet was totally full but when we pulled up and said that we just were going there, they gave us this special valet card and were only steps away versus parking in the garage and being .5 miles away.
awesome atmosphere.. i think my expectations were set too high along with the prices
The dessert was very tasty. i would recommend sharing desserts, they are a big size. the regular food is good, but way too over priced.
We decided to give this place a try one night on a business trip. It was kind of an exciting venue, right in front of Caesars Palace. It was pretty packed with people, which is always good. There were no seats, so we didn't mind sitting at the bar. . . I ordered the smoked chicken quesadilla. It was just okay. The chicken didn't really taste smoked at all. It just had a ton of cheese and sub par chicken in it. My buddy ordered one of their burgers and didn't really love it.. . The desserts were a different story. I ordered the burnt marshmallow milkshake. It was incredible. Nothing close to Stand's shake in NYC, but still a good effort. My buddy ordered the frozen hot chocolate, and it was truly delicious. . . All in all not a bad experience. But just nothing too memorable.
I've been here a few times for lunch and sometimes just for dessert. I've had the frozen hot chocolate quite a few times and have tried a few different flavors. It's best to order and share it with a few friends. The portions are pretty good and the food is decent. I can't say I'm blown away by the food but it's a nice place to have lunch and share the frozen hot chocolate with your party.
I'll give this place a "3-stars" rating.. . I don't reccomend the regular food.. But, they have pretty good selection of dessert.. Dessert GALORE!!!. . The service is pretty poor here. My waiter never come back to my table to ask if our group needed anything else.. . I'm ok with the price. It's vegas.
Hot fudge sundae from the walk-up window while waiting for a show - delicious and convenient :)
Seriously.. when you plan a trip to Vegas, the word "Diet" should NOT be in your vocabulary!! So many amazing restaurants and Buffets to choose from you better bring an extra pair of stretchy pants in you damn luggage . . Case in point. Serendipity3!  home of the famous frozen hot chocolate $11 (a little pricy but very satisfying)  and the Golden Opulence Sundae @ $1,000.00 WHAT?!?! that's a big as sundae, son! apparently there are some edible gold shavings they put on the ice cream.. and other expensive shit! Plus u gotta call them 48 hours in advance to get this monstrosity.. start gambling!... ;). . They also got some kick ass appys and main dishes to choose from.. unfortunately i was only here for the dessert but it sounds and looks bomb from what i saw.. lol... . Our server was "Aiight" (alright).. it seemed like we were waiting a long ass time for a few desserts, and it looked like he didn't wanna be there... (sigh) homie didn't even come back to see how we were doing or if we needed anything.. It wasn't even busy!!.. oh well, this shit happens a lot i hear.. . . Overall. Great place, great food .. i'll be back.. (says fat me) ;)
I'm going to start out by saying that I was a little disappointed with this place. The outdoor appeal and girly decor drew me in for lunch. . . It was around 4 PM and it was super busy. It took a while for our waitress to finally reach us to take our order. For an appetizer, we ordered the Grilled Globe Artichokes, which was a big mistake. The artichokes we were served were quite small, dry and burnt, and we could barely salvage anything from them. We only got a couple leaves from each piece (three in total) and for $15, it wasn't worth it. We asked if we could order something else. The waitress let us know that the artichoke is suppose to be like that, but will gladly give us something different. We ordered chicken quesadillas. They were very average. Almost microwave quality.. . I ordered the Chicken Chop Chop salad, which is basically like a garbage salad (not literally) and I didn't care for it at all. The chicken quality wasn't good and the salad was overall very bland. It reminded me of a cafeteria salad. My friend ordered The Full Monty Chicken Sandwich and she didn't care for hers either. . . At this point we came to the conclusion that this place is probably better known for their sundaes and not their food, as just about every table was enjoying a big sundae. I'm a sucker for Red Velvet Cake, so when I spotted Red Velvet Sundae on the menu, I didn't have to do any other reading. The sundae was huge and contained loads of chocolate ice cream, a slice of red velvet cake and whipped cream and sprinkles. The cake was mediocre and frankly didn't have much flavor. The chocolate ice cream was super good and creamy - almost like a rich, chocolate frozen custard or gelato. The mix of red velvet doesn't go smoothly with chocolate ice cream (yes I know Red Velvet Cake is technically chocolate cake).. it's a bit overpowering to where you can't taste the cake. It'd probably be better with vanilla ice cream. It was good, but not good enough to OD on. . . Unfortunately not impressed and probably wouldn't recommend. Also, no restrooms in the restaurant. Thankfully, there is one nearby.
I've been wanting to come here for awhile, so I had my hopes up about this place. We came about 3 on a Monday, and was it packed! There was a line for the inside so we just decided to sit at the bar, which had some opened seats. We sat down and the bartender cleaned the counter and said he would be right with us. He was the only bartender on duty, poor guy. Despite that, he did get down our orders pretty quick,but they did take awhile to get unfortunately. . . We shared a s'more hot chocolate,which was good. To eat, we got some sliders for appetizer, caesar salad with shrimp and salmon, and a side of mac n' cheese. All the food was good, except for the sliders. The sliders were extremely over-cooked and they were the size of a half dollar, yes you read that right. Super expensive considering the size and portion ($14? and only 5 fo them I think). Not worth the money at all. The salad was over $20 but it was well worth it because it was delicious. Salmon and shrimp were so yummy! Mac n' cheese was as well! Our bartender was super nice and attentive considering his circumstances, and even comped the drink off the bill. . . Still like the place,but maybe next time I'll just go for some ice cream
If you are in line around 11pm, they will give you a sign to hold to tell the rest that they are closed.  For doing that, you will get a free Frozen Hot Chocolate.  I don't know if it is worth it because  a lot of people came and we had to do all the explaining saying that we were the last one in line. . . So $11 for a frozen hot chocolate that taste like a chocolateslush to me.  I don't think its worth it, but hey you gotta try it once right.  Nothing too special.
There's the actual dine in place and also an area outside where you could order food.  The first time I ordered the frozen hot chocolate (from outside), it was amazing!! The second time I ordered it, it was just okay.  Tasted more like ice.  If you order from outside, they give it to you in a plastic cup, but if you order inside, the presentation is pretty and it costs a little more.. . To dine in,  I gave my phone number to the hostess and she was able to text me when my table was ready.  I found this convenient, and the wait was only 15 minutes long.  It took quite a long time for our food to come out, but I understand that the kitchen was busy.  Our server was very friendly and accommodating.. . I went on a Sunday morning and Brunch is served until 2am.  You can't order off the regular menu.  Dessert was also being served.. . I ordered the fried eggs benedict.  It was alright but I wasn't completely satisfied with it.      The egg is kind of hard boiled.  I was hoping for it to have more sauce.  The biscuit was good but it was lacking in the other sauces so it made it seem a little dry.  . . For desert, I got the can't say no sundae.  I LOVED it.  The humble pie in it is yummy and rich in flavor.  It goes well with the ice cream.
Meh.. . Go for the ice cream, the neat decor and great location, but the food isn't unbelievable. If you want an awesome burger, go to Ramsay's joint in PH. . . We've been twice, about three years apart, and both times the service was extremely slow and the food (minus the ice cream) was just mediocre. They do have some awesome cocktails, though (crazy pricey but looked delicious - I had the one made with Crystal Light and it was yummy, although imagining the kind of margin they get  on a drink like that nearly made me sick).. . Check-in on Foursquare for a free Frozen Hot Chocolate.
In short: I loved the food, hated the service.. . It's a very popular place in Vegas, it took us about 30 minutes to get a table and it was only 11:30 am in the morning. When we were seated, it took 20 minutes for her to come back and take our order. I ordered a chicken salad sandwich, my friend ordered a reuben sandwich and my other friend ordered the chicken pot pie. They didn't tell us they didn't have any more chicken pot pie until she gave us our sandwiches. My friend then ordered the chicken parm, but it took them 40 minutes to have it ready. It was ridiculous. I couldn't eat my sandwich slower.. . We waited so long that we were hungry again, so we ordered dessert. My friend got the frozen hot chocolate and I got the cookie sundae. The frozen hot chocolate is delicious and covered in whip cream (heaven, am I right?). The cookie sundae was also really good, but there were too many cookies in my opinion. They gave me 3 huge ones to eat with one scoop of ice cream. Also, it was HUGE. It doesn't look that big, but it is, and I couldn't even put a dent in it.. . Overall, great food, but I wish the service wasn't so poor.
I came here twice this month and the first time, my friends and I dined in the restaurant and the second time, we ordered at the to-go window and dined outside.. . The dine-in experience I would give a 4 star while the to-go menu was disappointing and deserved a 3 star.. . As for the dine-in, we waited about 40 minutes and they gave us a hand held alarm to notify us when we were ready to go up.  We had a party of 8 the first time and the interior is brightly decorated with a lot of pink.. . We were seated and then proceeded to order drinks.  We came around noon so they still had the breakfast menu.  It goes until 2pm.  Anyhow, some of the people in my party ordered a few alcoholic drinks which they seemed to enjoy.  The real winner was the food.  The orders I remember were the steak sandwich and the waffles topped with all sorts of berries.  . . The steak sandwich wasn't of the greatest quality but none the less, the size and presentation was impressive.  The bread was a little hard and hard to bite and hurt the roof of my mouth a little.  It also came with egg, bacon and of course, the steak.  All in all, it was an enjoyable and tasty dish which was big enough to feed at least two people.  That's not even including the french fries that came with it. . . I also ordered waffles with berries on top along with caramel and whipped cream i believe.   As for that, they were decent waffles.  Not the best I've had, but similar to the steak sandwich, they were of large quantity.. . Service was great.  Our waitress was very polite, had a great sense of humor, and very prompt.  I think her name was Candace.. . As for my second experience, it was pretty lousy in comparison.  3 of my friends and I went to the to-go window and ordered a few frozen drinks, hot dogs, and nachos.  We ordered the chili cheese hot dog, hot dog with sour kraut, frozen hot chocolate, and a berry smoothie.  The hot dogs were very disappointing because both the quality and the presentation were not to the level of what we'd expect.  I'd rather go to Pink's Hot Dog stand which had a more delicious hot dog at a lower price.  The smoothie I had tasted fine but didn't justify the $10 price that came with it.  . . Anyhow, if you go here, don't expect the best quality food.  Expect decent food with a large quantity.  Avoid the to-go window at all costs.  Its not worth the price in my opinion.
Totally a novelty, go there only if you want to say "yes, I've been there". Sundaes are pretty good, and HUGE but nothing outstanding, and not worth the $15 each. Big enough to share, possibly for three people, too. The fried oreo sundae is really good. There is always a wait to get in, and they close pretty early so if you don't get there early enough, they will tell you that they cannot get you in for that evening. Blows my mind that a mediocre restaurant in Vegas actually turns away business.
yummy burgers and fries. frozen hot chocolate is pretty good. I like my homemade soy cocoa drinks more though.
overrated. okay fare. not exceptional or outstanding. . not bad either. there was some hype with which i went there and was kinda let down by the food we ate there.
its outlook was too fancy so that i had overexpected on its food and dink.. food and drink looks delicious but when you actually tasted them, they were just too simple and average to dine in.
Food was just okay, atmosphere was nice. Friendly waitstaff.
Nothing wowed me about this place..maybe it was the buildup of the famous frozen hot chocolate but I've had better food. I ordered fried eggs benedict which was definitely unique, but pretty bland. Everyone else was just ok with their food as well. The frozen hot chocolate was decent, I don't really get the hype..but it looked pretty!
Desserts are the star here! If you come solely for a frozen hot chocolate or yummy treat, you'll have a 5 star time all the way!. . HOWEVER, if you come here for dinner, don't expect anything different than you could get at your local diner. And for triple the price. . . Waitstaff seem hurried and frazzled. Hostesses are drone-like. Very mediocre service.. . That being said, I will ALWAYS be back for the signature frosty indulgences...no matter how blah everything else may be!
I felt the frozen hot chocolate was a little hyped up.  It's just an iced version of hot chocolate.  I thought it was gonna be spectacular too.  By the way, you'd want to order the small since the order for 2 is large enough to feed 4 adults unless you want a sugar high.  My recommendation is a 3/5.. . The entrees sampled are the crispy chicken salad and the crab cake sandwiches.  The crispy chicken salad is your regular old green salad with dressing of your choice.  What's different about it is the large fried chicken pieces that comes with it.  If you want to order a salad just to be conservative on the calories, you might want to eat less of the chicken and more of the greens.  Overall, the crispy chicken salad is 3/5 but the chicken gives it a +1 so it turns out to be 4/5.  The crab cake sandwich is just a plain old crab cake sandwich with an inflated price.  That's a 3/5.. . Overall, this place is between 3 and 4 stars with more leaning towards 3 stars.  Still, it's a nice place to go for a cold dessert on a hot desert summer day.
I visited Serendipity back in February. In general I would say the food was good, but not fabulous. The menu is overwhelming with choices. I had a Turkey club and sweet potato fries. They were decent, but I probably should have just ordered a Sundae as the desserts looked great. The service was very slow. The place is very loud and I would say not cheap for what you get. The atmosphere is nice, but probably better geared for kids. The bathroom is also about 5 minutes away from the dining room. OK I am exaggerating, but it is outside the restaurant and a bit of a hassle to get there. All in all the experience was just OK.
The food here was delicious. I was looking forward to trying the frozen hot chocolate that I have heard such great things about, including from yelp reviews. I was really disappointed with it. After dining in for our meal, we decided to pick up a frozen hot chocolate from the on the go area outside so we could drink it while walking around. . . I honestly wouldn't recommend the  it unless you are incredibly curious about it and are dying to try it.
I went for a anniversary couple years ago it was not all that it was hyped up to be. the ice cream was good of course but not out of this world
Had the frozen hot chocolate and I guess I'm going to have to agree with the other reviewers in that it's nothing too great to rave over.  It does taste like a cold hot chocolate.  Wasn't amazed well, only amazed at the price.  Overpriced but at least my wife really enjoyed it.  I must be missing something.
Window Service/ Donuts only.. . . A friend told me about this place so during my recent visit I took my nephew with me to check it out.  It looked boring inside so we ordered at the takeout window. He loves donuts and it was on the menu so we got one.. . A BIG ONE.. . They only have 2 kinds - glazed and chocolate.  They were out of glazed during this visit so we had chocolate.  I don't care for chocolate donuts much but this one was good. $5 ($4 for me since I have a Total Rewards card) but well worth it, which is a surprise since every thing's grossly overpriced on the Strip anyway.  We did a midnight run 2 days later - he had glazed this time. My nephew's motto is "Donuts make me happy" -  I had to agree this time.  So if you like donuts - check this place out.
Huge portions! I had a chicken salad sandwich that could have lasted two or three days. It was tasty, I admit. Apparently the milkshakes are really good, but I didn't try one.. . Next time I am on the strip, I will be just as happy to eat someplace new as I would to come back to Serendipity 3.
long wait....the host looked piss! so i bought my banana split outside of the restaurant...it was ok not like WOW.
OH MY!! I cannot believe I forgot to rate this place.. I went I believe July 3rd around mid-day. It was hot as he** outside and didn't help that half the seating for serendipity is outside on the patio. Needless to say we waited to be seated about 20-25 mins or so. . The food was pretty good. Huge portions, for me anyways so I split the sandwich I ordered which was "The strip steak sandwich". Good but I would prefer a better cut of steak... eh anyways moving along it was all good but a little overpriced. .  . If weather permitted would have preferred outside seating and dessert but I was too full and it was too hot to try either.. However I did come back the next day and I tried the frozen hot chocolate and the oreo frozen hot chocolate but this time I went to the walk-up, to-go window...super convenient and fast by the way.. . Both were good but oreo one was better. Had a richer taste to it. The plain one was somewhat iced down.. I'm a chocolate lover so.... they also weren't as big as the ones I seen inside. not sure what difference was.. I posted some pics also of the items. . . Anyways I will go to the one in New York next and see what the diff is and I will come here again next time I visit Vegas.
Food was okay we did the togo window. paid $100 to feed two salads, a burger and hot dog and a couple drinks..... . . they tried to put very little lettuce in my cousins salad while mine was plentiful so we asked for more...I mean we are paying for food not a appetizer. They did it though, even though the lady hesitated to.... . overall wont come again unless its for the frozen hot chocolate which was really good.
Service was bad, the food quite tasteless but nice decour and location.
i wouldn't get anything else from this place except the frozen hot chocolate.. that's the best item on their menu.  . I did order the crab dip and it was ok.  . I went on a sunday night with reservations and we didn't even need it b/c there were tables available.  I dont think i would wait more than 15 mins for this place.. i'd much rather just order to go.
Overrated .  Prices are to high.  The desserts are good but not worth the price.  Food is blah for what you pay.
I was a little disappointed when I came here.  Everyone talked about how great this place was and after seeing them on the food channel, I always wanted to check this place out.. . . The wait, service, and food were all just mediocre, but it is a good place to take someone just for the experience.   We were seated right away.  We order 3 frozen hot chocolate and a bowl of chili.  About 15 minutes later the frozen hot chocolate came out.  It looked good and tasted good.  However, after a few sips it was gone.  I think there was more whip cream than there was frozen hot chocolate.  By the time they were almost done drinking their drinks, my bowl of chili finally comes out.  It was so spicy that I couldn't eat more than 1 bite. :(  I wished it was noted on the menu that it was super spicy.. . overall i was disappointed in the service and the drink portion.  I think that if we are paying $11.00 then it should come with more frozen hot chocolate instead of whip cream.  I don't think I will be back to this place but I would love to check out the NY store because I hear that the place is awesome.. . over priced food, slow service...over rated....
Took lover boy here for his birthday and I had been very excited to try the frozen hot chocolate. Food is WAY too big! Lol I'm really not complaining but this is definitely a share place!
The only reason I come here for whenever I go to Vegas is to try the different varieties of FRRROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE. This is such a genius invention.. The food is mediocre (I don't mean it if I sound like I'm insulting the food but I'm just saying that the first impression isn't WOW when you take a bite) Often I couldn't decide because there's way too much food in the menu.. Can't complain about the number of people here since it is a local hotspot! Sometimes, I am disappointed in their service though, it takes a while for them to make your food even if it's just an appetizer. It's like they're still growing the vegetables or catching the cow in the back. This is why I only come here for the FHC!. I love their method of texting you when your table is almost ready... That gives you time to gamble a little bit in Caesar's Palace.. . Last thing I would say is someday, when I have enough money for their Golden Opulence Sundae (which costs $1000), I hope it doesn't disappoint! Gold flakes better be coming out of my behind after I eat that.
I was disappointed when we went here. I thought it was overpriced and nothing special.
The food here is very tasty but the wait is so long and it is expensive. It's definitely worth going one time, but plan to book your reservation the day before or else you will wait well over 1 hour for a table!
Went here on a whim during my stay in Vegas. Even though I grew up in NY, I have never been to the one in NY. (After reading the Yelp reviews on that location, I'm pretty glad I went here instead.) . . It's a whimsy place, I can definitely see the appeal. The interior is decorated with fun, artsy looking wallpaper. And of course there is the window display of the shirts, toys and signature frozen hot chocolate powder you can purchase to bring home with you.. . As for the food, the portions are huge, as well as the desserts. We mistakenly ordered the frozen hot chocolate first. I say mistakenly because it's quite large and we got pretty full from that! I recommend ordering it as dessert after your food. The food was standard, it didn't blow my socks off but it was tasty and did the job. . . The servers are pretty friendly and came over often to check up on us even when it was busy. . . Overall, I would definitely come back for the desserts. Be warned, you can probably share a dessert between two or three people. They are that big.
If you've never heard of frozen hot chocolate at Serendipity 3 then you've obviously been hiding under a shell. Everyone talks about it and its exactly what it sounds like. Hot chocolate that's frozen and served with whipped cream on top. It might not be worth the $11, but then again you are in Vegas and nothing is cheap. Just relax and pay the price. It's worth it when you're craving something cold and sweet on a hot day. I've also tried the jalapeno bacon pretzel. It was huge, but it didn't taste that great. It felt like it was out for several hours so the texture wasn't that great.
I visited Serendipity twice while out in Vegas.  The first time was just for breakfast.  My friend and I each ordered the "Lucky 7's" for breakfast.  You get alot of food with it (pancakes, sausage, eggs and potatoes), but there was nothing special about the taste.  All good, especially after a night out.  It was just a good solid breakfast.  Later that night we went back for dessert and ordered the Frozen Hot Chocolate (with vanilla vodka).  It was a pretty tasty dessert, and also fairly large.  So either share with a friend or have plenty of room in your stomach.
Was excited to dine here because I missed the opportunity to visit the NY spot. Arrived at 9:30 pm and asked for a patio table, which we waited about 15 min for. Noticed there were many open tables and numerous servers working the patio . . . After we were seated, we waited almost 15 minutes to be greeted / acknowledged, We noticed that the two tables that were sat after us already had drinks and their order being taken.  When our server arrived his first words spoken " Are you ready to order?" Huh? I said to myself and the confused look on my friend's face she expressed. My friend ordered the Cotton Candy Martini and his reply was "That's gonna be a very sweet drink and I got the impression that he really didn't want to serve this drink, but she said yes she would like this drink and noticed a reluctant expression on his face. When receiving our drinks, you could tell this "presentation" drink wasn't high on his list.  While he shook this drink, some sprayed on us and he did a poor pour over the cotton candy.  Cut to the food - very good Chicken Lettuce Wraps and Crab Cake Sandwich. The wraps were very moist and flavorful, the crab cake had very little filler and so much crab - 5 stars for food and  her drink. But back to the service, while we were dining,  he was doing his side work, refilling salt and pepper shakers without excusing himself as he reached over us. And even though we were not quite down dining he tried to clear our plates - twice! Wanted to order dessert, but why bother him, he was at the railing gazing at The Strip. I'm kinda sorry we left a 10% tip, should of left 5%.
Everything looks tasty. Lines long but that's usually a good sign...serving size was smaller than expected I shared with my hubby. It was decent, nothing to brag about...had an iced hot chocolate
My main reason for going to Serendipity 3 is to indulge in one of their famous frozen hot chocolates. That alone is worth four stars. The reason I didn't give the restaurant four stars is because the wait is sooooooo long. Do I love frozen hot chocolate? Yes. Am I willing to wait one hour plus to sit at a dirty table to enjoy one? No. I can make frozen hot chocolate at home. . . The times I've eaten here, the food has been good. I particularly remember some ribs with a mustard sauce that I really enjoyed. However, the food doesn't make up for the wait or dirty tables, which I end up at every time I'm there. Also, no matter how much I enjoy my visits to Serendipity, I never crave it. Every time I've gone there, I sort of ended up there accidentally.
The kids loved the food and desserts! Though just a simple and plain side dish, the super thinly sliced apples were a hit with the youngens just by presentation alone. The mini cheeseburgers and mac&cheese were outrageously priced, but if my kids can scarf 'em plates clean, then the prices justify themselves. I had the tasty beef ribs and ahi tuna salad. I am not ashamed to say that I, too, polished off my plate clean. . . Their vast menu makes ordering quite a task as you want to try everything. One cannot come here without trying the frozen hot chocolate. I have always associated Serendipity with frozen hot chocolates, but their other desserts are worthy of experiencing, too.. . The only thing(s) I did not quite enjoy which most will think I am absolutely crazy are the fans blowing in the outside seating area. I chose to sit outside because the AC was on full blast inside and it was uncomfortably too cold for me, yet it was just as cold outside with the fan blowing a cool mist across the dining area. Though the fans provided a cooling sensation to most, I was frozen in my chair in the middle of the dessert heat.
always a huge wait. the food is ok
This place is just okay. I went with a group for brunch on our last day in Vegas. We got the frozen hot chocolate, not quite ice cream, not quite a melted shake--it was sweet and cold. That's pretty much all there is to it. . . The portions are generous. The food is good in that Cheesecake Factory- bland palate way. The quiche was the best thing I tried. It was buried under a mountain of salad with a tasty vinaigrette dressing. The nachos looked good, but the cheese didn't stay gooey for very long, and then it just felt gummy on top of my oversized chips. My friend had bagel and lox and it came as a triple decker sandwich. Nothing really stood out about our brunch, so I'm not too eager to come back again.
Nothing really stood out to me, not even their famous frozen hot chocolate. We got there around 1 and only had to wait 20 minutes. Not too bad considering it was a Saturday and all. I didn't see much variety for food on the menu so just opted for an omelette. It came with a few pieces of potatoes...Anyway, the omelette was not good at all. It had no flavor, it was bland, and was just underwhelming. I guess it's not really their fault though, 'cause who goes to Serendipity 3 for food? Onto the frozen hot chocolate. IT WAS SO SWEET. Some people like that but for me, it was like drinking corn syrup by the gallon. I mean, it did satisfy my chocolate craving but only for the first three sips. They had other flavors like mint, strawberry, etc so if you wanted to try that, you could. . . Even though I'm not much of a fan, you should still stop by and experience it for yourself :)
Been here quite a few times, honestly imo a little overpriced for ok dessert! ive had better
the waiting here for a table is awful- The music is way too loud, the waiter is yelling at you so you can hear him. . . The food is okay, not the best- the portions are huge. I had a burger and it was good, nothing spectacular. My hubby had the Las Vegas Strip Steak Sandwich-- it came on a garlic buttered baguette, strip steak, bacon and fried eggs on top of it. I had a small bite and it tasted very salty. . . The dessert was the best part of the meal! We had a sundae with cookies- heavenly!
Came in specifically for the frozen hot chocolate.  Got the small, and it was enough to share with two people.  It was tasty, but I wasn't blown away like some people.  We had good service, as it wasn't crowded mid-day.  I'd go back to try a different flavor of the frozen hot chocolate, as it was really rich and chocolaty.  I'm more of a vanilla person!
There is a lot of hype about their famous "Frozen Hot Chocolate." I ordered one because I just had to see what everyone was raving about. For about $12 after tax, I got a Starbucks grande-sized drink that appeared to be Frozen Hot Chocolate. When I took the first sip, I thought, kind of watery but it was not bad. My friends got the original and mint ones which were a lot thicker in  consistency and stronger in taste. I liked the mint one personally because it had little bits of mint that tasted like Andes mints. What makes these drinks different was the consistency of the drink, it had a more creamy taste rather than a Starbucks Frappuchino. I think the original was a little bit too sweet for my personal tastebuds. I think this drink is made for two people because it comes with two straws in each drink. One person can easily down the thing though. I do not think I would buy another one because it is kind of expensive for what it really is. A creamier chocolate milkshake.
Never having been to NY, the only way we knew about the original Serendipity's was the movie of the same name starring John Cusak a few years back.  So finding #3 in Las Vegas we had to give it a try.. . We both went for their original claim it fame, the Frozen Hot Chocolate.  Quite good, but not quite what I expected.  It's served in a sundae-type bowl topped with whipped cream, but is actually of milk shake-like consistency - I drank mine through a straw.  Tasty, but I would have preferred it to be served in a traditional shake glass.. . They have many other flavors of the frozen hot chocolate and a large menu of  food.  Strip prices: burgers are $16.  Long lines are typical, but you can order at the outside window if you don't need a table (and since the inside decor is strictly ice cream parlor standard, you wouldn't be missing much.
Items selected:. . Coffee. Frozen Hot Chocolate French Toast - Chocolate French Toast, Triple Stacked with Strawberries, Topped with Pistachio Nuts, Chocolate Sauce & Whipped Cream. Balsamic Strawberry Cream Waffles - Freshly Sliced Strawberries, Macerated in Balsamic Glaze & Cream, Sandwiched between 2 Jumbo Waffles, topped with Fresh Strawberries & Drizzled in Chocolate. Carrot Cake Sundae - "I Thought I Saw a Wabbit" Vanilla & Butter Pecan Ice Cream, Heavenly Carrot Cake, Maple Walnut & White Chocolate Fudge,Topped with Whipped Cream. . Never particularly interested in spending a New York meal on Serendipity 3 and always assuming the restaurant would function better with a group given the size of the portions I found myself awaiting a friend from Columbus at the Caesar's Palace hot spot during my favorite Vegas time - early Sunday morning when the only people on the strip are those just wandering home from Saturday night or those cleaning up after them.  Quiet in a good way with cheesy 80's music playing overhead and as much kitsch and scripted-happy service as I'd expected it would be mere seconds after I was seated that coffee was filled and with both my friend and I favorite sweets to savories our decision was simple - both items arriving after numerous coffee refills in all their gluttonous glory.  Understanding that Serendipity is more about fun than fine dining it was really no surprise that the bottom slice of French Toast was somewhat dry due to a lack of whipped cream saturation and although decent certainly nothing I'd order again and yet what was surprising was the high quality of the Waffles - both golden and crunchy on the exterior with a soft, pliable inside and nicely balanced between sweet and savory by the balsamic strawberries and chocolate.  Satisfied but unwilling to leave Serendipity without sampling one of their signature sundaes the meal was capped with the carrot cake version, a substantial chunk of dense cake complete with cream cheese icing buried in ice cream, walnuts, fudge, and whipped cream that really had no chance of failing in the flavor department if you enjoy sweets, though perhaps a touch less 'subtle' than some like their breakfasts...or lunches...or dinners.
The concept behind Serendipity 3 is appealing but the execution leaves much to be desired.1st, it is dirty-the floor was littered with food from previous patrons&the exterior restrooms are downright filthy. $12 foot-long hot dogs & $18 hamburgers are possibly worth 1/3 the $. Decor is 1-dimensional&looks like it was done on a shoestring budget.The best thing is the logo-would have bought a t-shirt if I didn't want to forget I'd ever been there.
I've been here a few times, but never for brunch until this past weekend. We had a big party (about 10). James was our server and was very patient while we all made out selections. I got the chicken and waffles and OH MY GOD they were amazing!! . . Now the only thing keeping me from giving  this place a 100%  positive review was the wait time on the food. There was a big party next to us that was sat much later than we were and they received their food about ten minutes or more before us. James apologized for the wait and proceeded to be very attentive, so we knew it wasn't his fault. At the end of the meal I asked for the manager so I could tell her how great James was even with the long wait for our food. She did not apologize for the long wait and said they don't usually get big parties at brunch time. Seriously?! It was a blonde lady. And as she was leaving our table she made the rudest face I've ever seen a manager make! She acted as if I had wasted her time. My whole table caught it and was completely dumbfounded by her rudeness. It was like she didn't even care! Lady find another profession, because being a manager at one of the most famous restaurants in Vegas isn't for you. . . So that's my rant for the day! Service was great, food was great. Manager was horrible!
Overpriced? Yes.. Delicious? Well.. It depends.. . I come here always wanting to sit down, but the wait time is always terribly long. Considered making reservations but its awfully hard to keep track of time in Vegas. But on the occasions that I do drop by, I've purchased things from the take-out window. Line takes 20 minutes more or less, pray to the desert gods that you're in the shade if it's the summer. I absolutely loved their double frozen hot chocolate, I loved it the first, second, and third time. The flavor and refreshing chills never disappoints. I decided to spice it up and get the green tea frozen hot chocolate, because, you know, we asian and we like our green tea. Boy was I wrong, it was like drinking a watered-down, non-fat, anorexic-slim milk, with matcha powder. It was literally a diet milk. I mean, I still drank it, I'm not going to throw an $11 beverage away. Let me repeat that - $11 for diet milk.
Plain and simple, over-rated.  Don't get me wrong, the desserts are good, but HARDLY wait 1-1/2 to 2-hour wait worth of good.  It's doggone ice cream, people.
Amazing grilled cheese!  Great place for the kids.  Frozen hot chocolate not as good as I hoped.  But overall good place.
Frozen hot chocolate?! That is all I heard when my friend mentioned some of the menu items at Serendipity 3. I was instantly intrigued and felt I had to stop in and try this little gem. . The location is right on the strip. The ambiance is very bright. Orange and pink galore! It sort of has a diner feel but a little more upscale than the typical diner. . The menu has a nice variety. First off is the frozen hot chocolates. They have a lot of different flavors. I got the chocolate peanut butter. My friend got the white chocolate. Both were delicious. Huge portions! The small one was plenty enough to share. It was super rich, pilled high with whipping cream and drizzled with peanut butter. Very sugary of course but still delicious. . The main courses include pastas, pizzas, burgers, salads, and sandwiches. A nice spread of choices. I had the spaghetti and meatballs. The portion size was nice. The taste was just alright. Meatballs were a little dry and the sauce was okay but not too spectacular. The price was little high but everything on the strip seems to be pretty expensive so nothing different from other spots close by. . I recommend the outside seating. It is great for people watching :)
I've been wanting to try this place....so we gave it a try while I was in Vegas this time.I was disappointed with the service. The wait time was shorter than the time it took our waiter to take our order. . The food was okay. We got the chicken strips and the potato stuffed with cheese. . I wanted to try the desert but the service was so slow :(.... . Will give this place another try for the deserts.
3.5. I've been here a handful of times, and have tried a handful of the items on their menu. I've never had anything bad, but nothing has blown my mind either. . . Of course one has to get the frozen hot chocolate, which is yummy.. . The place is decorated really cute and it's always crowded. Which I don't like because the wait time here always seems so much longer when compared to other places that get just as packed. And the hosts/servers are never really friendly. Maybe the place gets too crazy for them to slap a smile on.. . I've never been to the Serendipity in NY, but I hear that this place just does not compare.
The food is pretty expensive and the wait is pretty long, but it is great food nonetheless. I ordered the grilled cheese and it came with a side of tomato soup. It was a very cold spring evening and the grilled cheese with the soup really hit the spot. And the soup had goldfish in it! I thought that was a very unique touch. I like having a little crisp in my soup.. . I have also had the frozen hot chocolate and loved it too! The serving is extremely big so I hope your thirsty! I tried to remake it with their take home mix too but that was a big fail, lol. With the different seasons that Vegas goes through, I am sure theres something on their menu that'll take care of whatever youre craving.
The line is ridiculous most of the time. . I hate lines, but I'm willing to wait for the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate or their Deep Fried Oreos & Ice Cream. . Serendipity 3 isn't some place to visit while on a diet, but who the crap is gonna go to Vegas and diet? . ...Seriously. . . Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. A guilty pleasure. It's not the greatest thing in the world, but it is a sure thing. It's definitely something that makes me feel good from the inside out.. . Deep Fried Oreos & Ice Cream. Deep Fried Oreos, Cookies 'N Cream Ice Cream, Hot Fudge, & Marshmallow Sauce. I die. Deep fried Oreos are like mini orgasms waiting to be had. No. Joke. Oreos are so freakin' delish as is.. Then deep fried?!!! That's just asking for it. And then with ice cream and marshmallow sauce (I can deal without the fudge) ?!!!!! Excuse me while I go change the panty. LOL. #forrealdoe. . As far as reg food goes, it's just ..."meh.". The sweet treats are where they at.. . VERDICT. These kinds of treats make more sense in a tropical-24/7 climate like HI. Hey, hello, HI. #justsaying #isthatagoodenoughexcuse. Haha. But I'm glad I know where to go when I'm in need of some cheering up while in Vegas!
Got the chicken fingers and vanilla frozen hot chocolate. Service was nice but food was just OK. Had to say food was overpriced for what it was. Hot chocolate was extremely sweet and I probably wouldn't order it again.
Another stop on our agenda... not much of a wait as it was only me and my friend grabbing an early dinner.  I ordered the baby back ribs with sweet potato fries.  The ribs were okay and just passable for me but maybe i should have known better than to order ribs since we are from Texas and the ribs here just seems better.  The sweet potato fries were just fries and I probably should have passed on them as they were pointless calories for me.. . The reason we came here was for the Frozen Chocolate! I got the Mint Frozen Chocolate and man it was so freaking good!! I am normally not a sweets type of person but I will admit this was heaven in your mouth.  The delicious taste of chocolate goodness in your mouth *drool* I think i finished mine in like 5 minutes.  Will come back here but only for the Frozen Chocolate!
What's all the hype about?  Without the long line perception, I bet this place would lose much of their business.. . Their quintessential "frrrrrrrozen hot chocolate" tastes like something I can duplicate by making Swiss Cocoa Mix, freezing it, then putting it through my Ninja blender and viola!  I got frrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrozen hot chocolate for about 25 cents!. . I also got the deep fried oreo with cookies n cream ice cream.  While it sounds delicious and the deep fried oreos were as expected, who thinks of deeply inserting their oily, hot deep friend oreos into ice cream??  There's a temperature difference going on here, who do you think will win?  Yep, the hot ass oreos!  So there I am eating my deep fried oreos and "drinking" my ice cream.  C'mon, you gotta think up of a better platting design for this dish!. . Eat somewhere else with a shorter wait time.  I'd probably be disappointed with their $1000 dessert as well.
We stopped by the takeout window for something a little sweet. I have tried to dine here in the past but it's always been pretty busy. Luckily it was pretty cold out so I don't think there was a lot of people craving frozen hot chocolate. We were though. The three of us just got the regular frozen hot chocolate since one of us had never had it. You should always try the Original first if you've never had it and then venture out to all the different varieties. So good. I haven't had the hot chocolate here for many years. One friend who didn't want to share, got the peanut butter frozen hot chocolate. I got to try a sip of it and it's pretty good. They have the chunks of peanut butter blended in pretty smoothly but you're still able to decipher the difference between chocolate and peanut butter. Pricey at $11 for a large cup. And I'm not sure but the to-go cup seems a lot smaller than the giant goblet you get if you dine in there. Good for a little sweetsplurge every once in a while. There's also a seating area under a tent just beyond the takeout window. There were also heat lamps shining down on us to keep us warm. Though it probably made the frozen hot chocolate melt a little faster.
I got the frozen hot chocolate ! I think it was tasty but I wouldn't come back again. I think this is good to try only once .
We only came here for dessert, since we had dinner reservations for Raku that night. . . I really wanted to like this place, but the drink we had was just very sweet with a lot of whip cream on it. . . We had a nice seat out on the patio and found it amusing that there was a guy in the pool digging up coins.
Is this just a tourist trap because of it's convenient location on the strip?  I think so. . . We were enjoying an afternoon walk on the strip.  I've been wanting to try this place for a very long time.  Since we weren't hungry, we deiced to split one of their 'Frozen Hot Chocolate' drinks.  They have an outdoor ordering window for people on the go.  The lady wasn't overly friendly but pleasant enough.  We waited about 5 minutes for our drink to get done.  . . $11 later we tried our first sip of their famous drink.   Was it good?  Sure!  Was it worth $11?  Nope.  At least I finally was able to cross that off of my list of things to try.  If it were up to me, I would hit up a Starbucks for a Frappacino.  It's the same size, 1/2 the price and much better.
S3 straddles the line between 3 and 4 stars. We were seated promptly, service was fine, and the food came fast, but there was nothing overly special about our meals. Sure, my wife's french toast log was insanely big and looked like a loaf of bread on the plate, but it wasn't as flavorful as it could have been so it was more show than taste. My huevos rancheros were pretty good but nothing memorable. . . I dunno, we're glad we went as we've always talked about going, but I don't see us ever going back. You could do better, but you could definitely do worse.
Came here for the frozen hot chocolate. It was not what I expected. I thought the hot chocolate was actually going to be hot and that they had some weird way of having a cold and hot combo. I ordered the white chocolate frozen hot chocolate and it was good. It was sweet and had little chocolate shavings as well. I didn't experience the wait time as other people may have. But the server never came back for my straw when he accidentally had his sleeve caught onto my straw when placing water on the table. Also they had messed up my order and gave me regular hot chocolate when I ordered white chocolate. They did bring me the correct order quickly.
3 words: Frozen hot chocolate! That's the only reason why I come here. Their food is mediocre while they're still somewhat pricey. Almost all the times I've came, something was either really cold or they would have my order messed up. . . Late afternoon can be a wait, but during breakfast/early lunch time there usually aren't lines. Also, service is not bad, especially comparing it to its New York location which had terrible service!! It's a cute spot though and is worth trying out at least once when in Vegas. . . Get their Oreo frozen hot chocolate! And add some marshmallow toppings while you're at it!
I've heard a lot about Serendipity, so I finally decided to try the place out during my stay in Vegas.. . I came here about an hour before closing on a Friday & there was a 20 minute wait. Ok, understandable. It's a Friday night & it's Vegas. I look into the place and half the tables were empty. Umm, ok. The cool thing about the wait is that they send you a text to your phone when your table is ready. Pretty innovative compared to those annoying buzzers that have a limited amount of distance that you can walk away from the place.. . Anyhoo, this place is great for late night grubs. Or if you have a sweet tooth like me, it's great for any time of day.  I highly recommend the frozen hot chocolate. Which is actually a glorified chocolate milk with whipped cream. Perfect for taking a break from drinking all those Fat Tuesdays and sandwiches from Earl's.
This is one of my go-to spots in Las Vegas.  The first few times I came here, I ordered just the frozen hot chocolate, which is pretty awesome!! Some of the hotels that you stay at (Paris or Harrah's) will give you a discount on the frozen hot chocolate. Yay!. . One time, I did order some food, and was unpleasantly disappointed. I got the Las Vegas burger and the lobster dip, both of which were so-so. The burger was extremely dry, even though I ordered it in medium rare. And the lobster dip was just a bit too salty.. . If you want to check out only their desserts, I recommend ordering it to-go instead!
Not too sure what the big hype is. Everyone has told me it's a must....it was good, but nothing to write home about. . . Frozen hot chocolate. .was ok. I don't get why everyone's so crazy over it. And I like hot chocolate! . . I will give them tho that their sweet potato fries are to die for...they are so good. . . Serve is rather slow, to order and to get your food. . . I won't be coming back unless I am absolutely craving their sweet potato fries.
Way too hyped. The frozen hot chocolate was alright, food was alright (quesadilla is great for the drunchies). The charge to split entrees was ridiculous. Service was crap, they didn't provide plates for my group of 5 [wtf], and the waitress mixed up my bill with that of the table in front of me (which by the way is like a $30 difference). . . Not coming back but at least I get to say I gave it a try...
After finding out that the buffet at Caesars was raised to $50/person for the holidays, my family and I decided to eat breakfast here instead. We walked in with no reservations and were able to be seated immediately.. . I ordered the LEO Omelet, which wasn't bad but I wasn't a fan of the way they cooked the eggs. Other dishes my family ordered were the Corned Beef Hash & Eggs, Mushroom Quiche, Eastside Western Omelet, and Breakfast Burger. Even though I love prosciutto, I wasn't a fan of the Eastside Western Omelet. The best dish I tried was probably the Mushroom Quiche. It was tasty with a buttery crust, and the salad was fresh.. . We ordered one Frozen Hot Chocolate to share. It was my first time trying this after hearing about it for so many years, and I don't think it lived up to the hype. It was sweet and tasty, and definitely a perfect treat for the summer. However, I don't see it being worth $11. Luckily, we had a coupon for a free Frozen Hot Chocolate with the purchase of an entree.. . Service was pretty good. Our waitress was busy, but still very friendly and refilled our coffees and waters promptly. . Overall, the food was decent, with some good dishes and some subpar ones. Considering the quality of the food, the price seemed a bit high for me (TIP: use your Total Rewards card to save $1-2 on each dish). There is a fairly large selection of dishes available, so it's not a bad place to go to if you run out of other options.
