So we had a lion king show at 7....and we needed something to eat because who knows how long the show will last right....two hours to be exact....with some intermission! Sooooo we decided to head to burger bar since it was close to the show and heard that it was pretty good. . well it was ok...nothing great about it...i had the sliders which were three different burgers.....yeah some people would like that so that they can try different sliders....i on the other hand didn't like it so much. i ate two of the three and gave the other one away since they had stuff in there that i didn't like =[ Their fries were pretty good though i will say that. . It was pretty expensive for burgers though (Yeah yeah those who say the burgers were expensive because they're "fancy" or they're "gourmet" whatever to you) I didn't like it, tasted like any other burger i can get. . soooooo the end
Good but nothing special.  Stick to drinks here.  The beer selection and milk shakes are great!  I normally reserve nutella for my crepes, but ended up trying something new and it was so so good!  You can't go wrong with any shake you choose here.  Otherwise, the burger here just seems, well, like a burger-- good, but not great.  We had the slider selection, kobe beef burger, buffalo burger, sweet potato fries and zucchini fries.  I wasn't fond of the taste of the beef or buffalo.  The sweet potato fries were good though.  The burgers are big enough to share.
I'm not a burger person so take this comment as a grain of salt. . . We got the,. (1) American Kobe Beef for $16.00 - very juicy (according to the person who got it) but it wasn't all that special or anything and they charge for additional toppings, including cheese, FYI.. (2) Sweet potato fries for $2.55 - like any other sweet potato fries I've had.. (3) Shake for $5.50 - WONDERFUL, but THICK and RICH.. . Place was rowdy (great for Vegas) and the service was great!. . Come here if it's convenient, but don't go out of your way.  And if you do, get their signaturebaffalo burger since that's what they're known for.
Once I knew that Hubert Keller is the owner, my husband and I couldn't wait to go to Burger Bar. The cool thing is that we saw Hubert in the restaurant!!!! We had high expectation for the food! . . I ordered the Black Angus Beef burger medium rare. The meat was very bland, and it was lack of seasoning. Bryan had the American Kobe Beef burger medium rare. But, the kobe beef was like the black angus beef which was lack of flavors. The meat didn't melt in the mouth. Nothing stood out and nothing special! My husband and I definitely had better kobe beef burger before. That was very disappointing.. . For the sides, we had the buttermilk onion rings and BUTTERMILK ZUCCHINI FRIES. The onion rings were just fine. The batter was flavorful, but the crust was too thick for the skinny onion rings. On the other hand,  the zucchini fries had the same crust, but the crust was good on the zucchini. The zucchinis were cut thick, so they can hold up the crust well. It was a good combination. I like them. . . My favorite is the NUTELLA MILKSHAKE! The shake was delicious! It was pack with hazelnut flavor, especially the nutella whipped cream. Every bite was nutella! Perfect for Nutella lover! . . Overall, the food was just ok. I thought Hubert can do better, maybe his other fine dining restaurant would be better. For about $50 two person, Burger Bar doesn't worth the money in my opinion.
Expected more beer on draft for how many beers were on the menu. Try the sliders to sample the wonders.
If you want a solid burger, a large beer list and waitresses that look like Kat Von D then burger bar is your spot.  Highlight: anything medium raw
I'd really want to give this place a 4 star rating... but I think it only deserves a 3 star.  Located in the indoor walkway/mall halfway between Mandalay Bay and Luxor (closer to Mandalay), I've been to Burger Bar twice in Vegas.  The first time I had seen the place featured on a travel show and thought the idea was pretty cool.  You basically get to pick from a huge list of options to create your perfect hamburger -- everything from different meats, toppings, breads, and extras.  If you want a Kobe beef burger topped with lobster tail, yes you can get it here.  If you want a turkey burger with avocado, they've got it too.  So they've got the quantity, but I really think they lack in quality.  Don't get me wrong - the burger tastes good.  And damnit, if you don't like one of the toppings, it is kind of your fault for picking that.  But really, when it comes down to it, the burger just isn't amazing or spectacular like I'd expect from a Vegas burger joint.  The sides aren't anything to write home about either.  Their prices can quickly add up too since each topping comes with an additional charge.  So in the end, Burger Bar gets a 3-star rating.  One bonus: they have a solid selection of microbrews.
Burger Bar is where we head to after a Mandalay Bay concert or after drinks at the Foundation Room. . . At BB You can choose to eat your burgers from booths, tables, or at the sit down bar. Despite all the seats, BB does get crowded, especially during lunch, dinner, or the weekends. This place has TV screens everywhere, in every booth, along the wall at the sit down bar, and a few others placed throughout the place. It's more like a sports burger bar...I like seeing ESPN on the screens, I'm a guy, it's in my DNA! The crappy thing I don't like is that they pump music through their speakers and since music is loud, people also speak louder. Don't expect to have a nice quiet conversation with your date or friends...this ain't the place for that.. . The menu is simple. You can pick one of  their set menu items or create your own burger. Reasonable priced menu especially for the LV Strip. You can choose from different meats...Black Angus, Country Natural, American Kobe, & Buffalo. For you other people not looking for meats...they have a veggie burger, chicken, salmon, or turkey. Then you can dress it up with whatever veg, cheese, or sauces, on their lists. And you can get your burgers with fries (fat, skinny, or sweet potato), buttermilk Zucchini fries or onion rings, & beer battered jalapeno pickles (never tried these). I usually keep it simple: Kobe beef on a sesame seed bun with grilled onions & spinach, with sweet potato fries or onion rings, & a $7 chocolate shake (yes I did just order a $7 shake!). The wife likes the Surf & Turf- black angus burger, grilled half lobster, & asparagus. They also have a $60 Rossini Burger-kobe, foie gras, black Perigord truffles, on an onion bun...pretty steep for a burger but if it floats your boat-eat it.. . They also have a pretty good selection of beers, wines, and cocktails. Beer is beer everywhere except when it comes to the prices and BB alcohol prices are higher than other similar food joints. We always pass on the drinks. . . For the most part we've had decent service. But we do avoid the lunch and dinner crowds because those are the times we've had hit or miss service. It's mayhem trying to wave down a server during a weekend dinner rush. And it seems like they play extra loud music to help to drown out the customers that need assistance LOL! Seriously, you can hear ESPN, loud music, people talking loud just to hear themselves...and that's going on all at once. BB has the unmistakable ambiance of a high school cafeteria.. . Overall, BB is fun burger joint where you can create your "OWN" masterpiece of a burger. We like that they offer you many different selections of toppings, but beware on your add on's, they can definitely add up. You could easily be eating a $20+ burger. So bring your earplugs and just text away with your friends...and enjoy your burger.
Better than average burger good fries but at what point is 20 dollars much money for a burger, fries and a coke.
Had their Kobe burger, sweet potatoe fries and a glass of wine. Good burger & fries. OK wine. It was busy when I was there but I think the server should have spent a little more time with each patron. Think the lamb burger at BLT is better!
Good burgers, good quality ingredients, slightly expensive in some cases I think.  Their milkshakes are the bomb though, wicked awesome.. . My main problem is that I can find a burger just as good elsewhere for way cheaper.  Ergo only 3 stars.
I heard a lot about this place so decided to check it out. . Many choices available to 'build your own' burger. You can even choose the type of meat you want. . . I tried the Slider plate which is 3 small sliders each made with a different type of meat. It was good, but not great. . $13.25 . . We also had the appetizer sampler in the cone. We ordered onion rings, sweet potato fries and mac and cheese bites. All were good, but nothing special. . $11.80. . This place is basically just overpriced burgers with a twist. . But you PAY for that twist. . our bill was $68 (before the tip) for 3 burgers, 3 sodas and the appetizer. . . We had a hot little waitress with a total bitchy attitude... . This place hires lotsa eye candy but not much substance.
Brought the whole family here to check it out last week and we wanted a completely different experience compared to In and Out.  We wanted to pay the big bucks for a great tasting burger.  Not bad at all.... . Ambiance - Well, when you put out a club type front person to take your reservation and then have everyone wait for a table, you kinda create your own "must go" type of atmosphere. Tables, booths and music, this is a long and narrow restaurant, but plenty of room.. . Service - Not bad, not great. Made a few mistakes on the orders, but overall, decent.. . Presentation - Food is kinda slopped onto a large plate, and if you order without fries on each plate , and choose to say, share fries with everyone, then the kitchen hasn't a clue how to make the plates look half empty with only the burger on it. I find that to be odd for a 20.00 burger. Yeah, put it on a huge plate and make it look like you paid a lot for a little.. . Food - Good taste overall for sure.  Definitely interesting to either order pre-made combinations or order everything on your own.  However, the taste is okay, not mind blowing.. . Price - Very expensive for the quality.  I would have to be careful when I come back, because I will not frequent this place. Getting to it is a challenge since you are going to go to a casino, park, walk and walk and walk...... For the money, without the club type atmosphere you can go to Grind Burger on Trop and it is as good or slightly better.. . Overall - Good experience, glad I tried it. Would bring clients, but not sure if I would come back withthe family.. . Family note - Don't let your kids go to the bathroom alone. Seems that the toilets are in the restaurant, which make it safe, but the fact is the signs bring you to an exit door and you exit the rear of the restaurant and you are in the back of the public mall where anyone and everyone has access.  The door from this public area to the restaurant is open and so, BE CAREFUL.  This is a disaster waiting to happen!  Very poor security.
About 3.5 stars but not really worth the money. I had the Kobe Burger $17 and fries $3. Cheese Cake Factory Kobe was better!!!
This place was cool, I came and got their Foie Gras burger but was underwhelmed. In my opinion, it's not worth $60, even with a free dessert.. . It was a nice atmosphere, but I will stick with the $10-$15 burgers if I ever come back
The best thing about this place for me was our super friendly waitress.  They have a pretty good selection of burgers and various types of fries, as well as milkshakes which even include a Twinkie variety. I didn't get a milkshake but wish I had. I got a regular burger and a salad which consisted of just lettuce in a bowl.  The burger was fine, but nothing too special.  If I went back I would choose something a little more out of the box since that seems to be the way to go here.. . We waited an hour for lunch on a Sunday around 2 pm!  Be prepared to pay $20 for a burger, fries, and drink which is typical Vegas pricing.
all weekend long, my friends were looking forward to eating here to end our vegas trip. apparently, it was the best burger they have ever tried... so it was a must! . . i must admit that there was a great selection of burgers, fries, and add ons. There is a lure to being able to customize everything on your burger, especially at a pretty decent price. . . I'm not a vegetarian, but always interested in trying different takes on the veggie burger.. so trying to be adventurous i went with it! it was really tasty - a nice blend of veggies and rice, grilled to have a nice bite to it. Sadly, our waitress was not on here game that day and kept forgetting certain add-ons. I still feel if I got my avocados in my burger it would have really made it! oh well... the fried zucchini fries somewhat made up for it. . . I definitely need to come back and try a 'real' burger since it seemed like everyone devoured theirs.
Ok... so mixed feelings on this place.. . I like the burgers... I like that they accomodate group parties with pre-determined menus ... and I like that they assign big groups 2 servers and multiple bussers. . . However... I don't like that it's so freakin' loud in there and that the set up (flow of tables and traffic pattern) is NOT efficient or easy to maneuver. You have to squeeze around tables, chairs and people to get through the place and then dodge the servers and the bussers who have trays of food/plates.. . I enjoyed the Buffalo Burger with Zucchini fries. Buffalo Burger was juicy and meaty and lean.  So good!  The bun was a bit too thick for me so I only ate one side.... the zucchini fries had too much batter for me. I would prefer a lighter batter... and more zucchini... rather than the other way around.  . . I saw the Cobb Salad and it was BIG... and it looked really good.. . Yes... I'll be back to try other items on the menu.... might be better to go during the week when it might not be as crowded.
The fries were fabulous, but the main attraction, the burger, was just okay. I ordered the black jack burger with black angus beef cooked medium, pepper jack, an olive tapenade, and ciabatta roll. The beef could have used a little more salt as it was lacking flavor. The burger was expertly cooked, however. The Vegas strip tourist pricing coupled with the lackluster burger will probably keep me from coming back.
I had the Hubert Keller burger and the buffalo was surprisingly good.  I wasn't expecting it to be as juicy and flavorful.  My only complaint was that the caramelized onions and blue cheese overwhelmed the burger.  Others at my table had the Kobe beef burger or the Black Angus burger which were good, but not out of this world.  . . I would definitely come back to try the buffalo burger again, but would probably opt to build my own and take the less is more philosophy.
I am a fan of Hubert Keller ever since I saw him on Top Chef Masters.  We enjoyed the food at Fleurs de Lys which is closed now and refashioned to Fleurs.  First try at the BurgerBar wasn't too impressive though.  Our burgers came out medium well so it was a bit on the dry side.   Gave Burger Bar another try and this time our burgers came out pink the way we like it.  Still like RM Seafood's RM Burger better (order it medium rare) but Burger Bar is a good alternative since the RM Burger is only served at lunch.
I wanted to love it. Love Hubert on television. I expected it to be the best in the world. I mean, why wouldn't I. Internationally renowned French Chef does his take on the American classic. . Not the best in the world or in the country. . Burger I got was the natural, hormone free, organic, grass fed, yada, yada. It was very good, juicy, with a great char but it was not spectacular. It should be spectacular, right? It was as good as what I make on my grill. Well, mine might be slightly better. It could have used some seasoning.. My friend got the veggie burger, homemade from lentils and veggies, etc. It was not that good. It fell apart...did not stick together the way you need a burger to. Not seasoned nearly enough. Nothing special and would not order again.. The fries tasted like they were fried with everything else on the menu that is fried. Kind of like Jack in the Box fries. The onion rings were very good, but Ruth's Chris are better. The zucchini sticks must be made in a factory. The coating was so thick. The inside was molten liquid. No taste of zucchini. First bite we both burned our mouths. Did not eat any more. Made it hard to enjoy anything other than the iced tea. Which was fresh brewed and good.. Disappointed.. Ambiance: typical, loud bar with multiple televisions on. I guess it's supposed to simulate a "sports bar.". Service: the waiter was great, just right amount of friendly, efficient and helpful without being overly solicitous. However, the hostess acted like we were bothering her by walking up to her for a table and when we left, 3 of them were hanging out with each other like some high school click, while ignoring a couple who had just walked up for a table. Weird. Work on customer service, Huber! Shameful with all the choices to eat in LV, that your staff should be off-putting to customers.
The Burger Bar has been recommended by several friends and I have eaten there twice now...one pre-Yelp and once post-Yelp. They serve a decent burger and good shakes, but the food isn't anywhere near 4-star quality. . . Stuck in Mandalay Place between Luxor and Mandalay, the Burger Bar takes work to find, but it is a decent place for a burger after a long night in Vegas. . . I had the Buffalo burger with cheddar cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato and red onion. It was cooked a little past medium, but it was not too bad. The wheat bun (as usual, kudos for this option) was a bit stale. The meat was seasoned nicely and the flavors came together fairly well. Overall, the burger was good, but not great. . . I had a vanilla shake and that was pretty good! Sweet, tasty and cold with a large topping of whipped cream. It came with a spoon and extra-wide straw too. . . I think I'd go back for lunch if I was staying in the Mandalay-Luxor-Excalibur complex, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat at the Burger Bar.
The fries are kind of disappointing so 1 star deducted for that. The buffalo burger with carmelized onion and fried egg and cheddar is a solid choice. The beer menu is volumes long! The milkshakes both adult (read alcoholic) and regular are awesome too, especially the grasshopper.
So I checked out Burger Bar in LV to see what all the hype was all about.  Unfortunately I was disappointed.  I had the top of the line Kobe burger which was supposed to be the "The King"  of all burgers because of the quality of meat.  So I'm thinking that I was gonna taste the way eveyone was hyping it up to be and it tasted like a regular charbroiled burger.  I ordered what the chef recomended so it had provolone and sat on top of a Onion bun because I didn't want anything to take away from the over $20.00 Kobe hamburger patty.  It  was nothing to Yelp about.  If I would of known it was gonna taste like that I would of ordered everything on it , cause it just was not what I was expecting.  For the amout I paid I would of rather have gone to FAT Burger  and got the Burger with the Bacon, Cheese, and Fried Egg it , located on the Las Vegas strip, and it would of came with a milk shake and a side as well.
We had the Kobe Burger and the American Classic, with sweet potato fries, onion rings, and the Pink Monkey milkshake (strawberries, bananas, and whipped cream).. . The Kobe Burger was quite tasty although pricey at $17. The American Classic was topped with a plentiful amount of bacon which made it very good. The milkshake was also very good - you can taste the real fruit ingredients they used to make it but again was pretty expensive at $8.75. . . Although I enjoyed the meal it was not amazing - there are better options in Vegas for your money.
This place is located in the middle of a mall -- which was not what I was expecting. I was pretty excited since I'm a big fan of gourmet burgers and there were good things being said about this place.. . We stopped by during dinner time and they made us wait, which is fine. We wandered around the surrounding shops until they called us.. . Service was quick, and nice. I ordered a Kobe burger and thought it was pretty delicious. However... I gotta say, it wasn't worth the $17 I paid for it. I've had my fair share of gourmet burgers and this was NOT worth $17. Maybe $12. No more. . . I left satisfied, but not. I just couldn't help but feel ripped off. Maybe living in California has spoiled me a bit and we have plenty of amazing gourmet burger joints out here for way less! . . Sorry, but if you're charging me $17 for a burger, it better blow my damn mind.
After enjoying my experience at Burger Bar in SF, I went with a big group to the Burger Bar in the Mandalay Bar. . I was pretty impressed by the service (especially b/c we had such a big group), however I was not that thrilled with the ambiance. While in Vegas there are few establishments with great views, the set up of the restaurant is a bit awkward and very narrow which makes it feel like there are many people crammed in. . The food however is just as good as it was in SF. Love the zucchini as well as the sweet potato fries and the burger was cooked to perfection.
Not gonna lie, was a little underwhelmed by Burger Bar.  When a restaurant has the name Hubert Keller attached, you expect a certain level of quality, and so I was a little disappointed when what I got was just another burger joint.  That being said, I didn't get one of the signature burgers, so maybe I just didn't order the right thing.. . Ordered the Country National sustainable beef burger and topped it with avocado, grilled onions, and jalapenos.  While the meat was flavorful and cooked properly, the sesame seed bun was slightly hard on the outside and a little dry.  The jalapenos were the pickled, sliced varietal you're given to put on your nachos at movie theaters.. . We also had a trio of sides - french fries, sweet potato fries, and onion rings - none of which were any better than what you can get at your local neighborhood diner.. . If I were to return, would probably be a little more adventurous and try one of the "Chefs Burgers."
It's funny when someone hypes up a restaurant so much, that when you get there. You're not overly impressed. That might have been the situation here. I had the organic burger with mushrooms and swiss. Which is what I was feeling like at the moment. This burger was pretty juicy, I ordered it medium rare. Which, typically is how I like my burgers.. Well done, and you're set to get a dry burger. . . I figured, I just had a kobe beef burger and a buffalo burger a little while ago. It was just an all right burger, nothing to go crazy for, or go back for. . I was with 3 other people, and one had the buffalo sliders. Not one had agreed that they absolutely loved the place. I chose the sesame seed bun for my bread and zuch fries. Get the sweet potato fries, my sister had ordered them, and they were delicious. With a side of chipotle aioli. The perfect combination. The zucchini fries in itself were a little disappointing. Pretty much all breading, and no zucchini. . . In the sea of overpriced restaurants, this place is probably the most reasonable, unless you want to stuff your face at a buffet. The best place to sit, is in the super comfy booths. They have a little lcd tv. We watched the riot in Vancouver after the Canuck's lost.
The food, service, locattion = just ok.  After reading the reviews, I was expecting more.
We went to the Burger Bar with a group of eight while celebrating my 25th birthday in Vegas.  My creation included chicken breast, jalapeno bacon, guacamole and chipotle aioli.  Oh my!  So delicious.  I love the idea of a customizable meal, though I find it entirely overwhelming.  I was pretty pleased with my choices, as was nearly every one else at the table.  My boyfriend was not a fan of his Kobe beef burger, hence the three star rating.  Burger Bar also has alcoholic milkshakes... a very adult twist on childhood bliss.  Highly recommended.  The highlight of the night was my "birthday burger" -- a doughnut cut in half and layered with a "patty" of cheesecake, strawberries and pineapple.  And a candle on top, of course!  Everyone enjoyed a bite and we were all cracking up observing the "Oh holy crap this tastes like heaven in my mouth" reaction thateveryone was having.  It was pretty amazing.
Over the weekend, I really wanted to try this place. I have always loved a good burger. So instead of hitting up the beach, My friend and I decided to go to this place.. . The service was really good. Our waitress was very attentive to us. As much as I want to like this place, it's not even that great. . I had the hubert keller's favorite burger which was like 22.00 bucks. The meat was really tender and the spinach and sauce made it taste better, but for 22 bucks, I was really expecting it to be like amazing, but the meat wasn't that flavorful to me. I was really disappointed in my burger. Maybe I just had too high of an expectation.. My friend got the chicken breast burger, and it was a pretty good burger but for 15 bucks, I was kind of expecting the chicken to be more juicy and tender. My friend also said it's kind of plain so she took my sauce for my burger and put it on hers. The sweet potato fries were pretty good but it's the same everywhere else so it's nothing really special.. I also brought back togo my friend an american classic burger and she said it wasn't even that great for 15 bucks.. . My friend liked her burger and her experience here, but as for me, I dont think I will ever be coming back here. I've had better burgers for the price of $5.
Great, burger place, nothing too extraordinary, good side sauces to try with the fries...
Its pretty easy these days to be a vegetarian or pescatarian and find something to eat at any restaurant, but with a name like Burger Bar, I admit I was a bit concerned.. . This is the only place I have ever seen a $60 burger on the menu and trust me friends, I did not order it since it goes against the dietary needs. However, if I did....I'm sure my taste buds would be smiling and my wallet empty from the foie gras and truffles it was prepared with. This burger read deliciousness straight from the menu.. . Moving onto my order:. . The Vegas Vegan...after all when in Vegas, why shouldn't my be named after the city and its sinful nature? This meatless monster sandwiched a large roasted  (Roma?) tomato and slice of eggplant between two grilled portobello mushroom tops, and was surrounded by a ring of grilled zucchini and squash. To top it off, add a pickle and a large serving of skinny fries. Is it so wrong I thought skinny meant low fat? But there was nothing "SKINNY" about these fries but their appearance and they were delicious. My meal was good nothing to complain about but nothing to rave about either.. . Good food and good service.
Burger Bar has a great name.  Who doesn't enjoy a good beer to go along with a good burger?  They have the variety of toppings and selection of beer to deserve their name.  Yet I don't think their food deserves their prices.. . I had the Kobe Burger and topped it with japaleno bacon, carmelized onions, and got their black truffle sauce on the side.  With the price of my burger now above $20, I expected heaven on an onion bun.  When the food was brought out, my heart sank.  . . One of my burger pet peeves is when the bun is bigger than the patty.  If I'm paying this much for a burger, it's disappointing when 25% of the burger was all bun and no meat.  Perhaps the cost and size is offset by the quality of the beef?  After all, the menu states, "This American Kobe Beef from Snake River melts in your mouth, tender with an unmatched flavor, the most expensive beef in the world for the most discriminating palate."  . . Unfortunately I agree with only half of that.  It was a very tender burger; they're not too far off by saying it melts in your mouth.  But unmatched flavor?  When I was asked how the burger tasted, my only reply was, "It's really tender."  Sadly, the unmatched flavor was nowhere to be found.  I didn't use the truffle sauce at all for the first half; after that I was pouring that sauce all over in an effort to give the burger flavor.. . In the end I'm suspecting that is was an off day, since many people have enjoyed the Kobe burger during their visits.  But based on this first experience, I can't see myself coming back anytime soon.
Just ohh kay... Black angus burger was tasty, but kinda on the smallish side. Didn't cover the whole bun.
So I went to Vegas to meet up with a buddy of mine for a weekend of craps.  We decided to head over to this joint on a Saturday afternoon after hearing so much about it.  First, I was somewhat disappointed at the selection of burgers.  For some reason I thought there would be more exotic meats like venison, or wild boar, or ostrich.  I ended up getting the Wagyu Burger.  While the burger was pretty good I'm not sure that ground Wagyu makes that much of a difference.  What really impressed me was the zucchini fries.  The seasoning on the breading was da bomb!  There was a large list of toppings for your burger but I honestly don't know that I wouldn't rather be at In N Out.
Loved the concept, but the execution failed.  Onion rings tasted like Ore-Ida frozen rings, burger was sloppy and wet, wife's sliders were served without explanation of which was which meat...just poor play.  Won't return.
OUTRAGEOUSLY PRICED!. . Had waygu beef, lamb burger, surf and turf and buffalo burgers. Split four ways. The lamb was my fav but seriously everything else made me feel really sick after. My best friend puked up everything too. So I don't know, maybe because we didn't order everything well done but still I don't think I'll come back.
It was just ok. Granted I didn't have a burger, I ordered the grilled shrimp salad. It would've been GREAT had the shrimp really been grilled instead of boiled.. Sweet potato fries were good!. . I'll definitely try again if in the area.
I've been to Burger Bar a few times now and I am a fan. I couldn't decide between 3 or 4 stars but decided on 3 because there are so many other better options in Vegas. If you are in Mandalay Bay Border Grill is the best restaurant but Burger Bar is not a bad option. . . They have pretty much anything you can think of for your burger. Start out with beef, chicken, turkey, lamb, or many other types of meat. Add whatever cheese and toppings. Then you get to pick your bun from many options (pretzel, wheat, potato, etc). Once you have your burger you have the option for many different types of sides (fries, sweet potato fries, fried zucchini, etc). There are so many options you could get something different every time you come here, even though it is pretty much just burgers. I think they do have a few salads if there are people in your group that would prefer something other than a burger. . . The burger itself was very good. Very juicy and cooked perfectly. Service is a little slow, but not awful. It was slightly overpriced, but comparable for everything in Vegas. . . If I'm in the mood for a burger in Vegas I might return to Burger Bar
Had the build your own burger with the grass-fed beef and some gourmet toppings, and it was pretty good. Better than burgers at other restaurants, granted I don't usually order burgers when I go out to eat. They do actually have A LOT of gourmet toppings to choose from, which was nice. Also, the sweet potato fries were really good.. The hubs had the sliders and said they were very good. They had a ton of craft beers to choose from, and I thought the prices for reasonable for a place on the strip. The place was packed, so we sat at the bar when two seats opened up, after waiting about 25 minutes for a table.. I think I might have gotten food poisoning though, since I got violently ill after eating here. The hubs was fine. I can't remember, but I probably ordered my burger medium. Shoulda gone for well-done, I guess. The food was good enough for three stars when it went down, however, coming back up.... eh. I leave it at that.
We tried to check out Kilroy's - Food Network's Best Burger in Nevada, but found they don't offer burgers anymore (that doesn't speak well about Food Network selections, does it?).  So we tried this place instead, which is an arguable replacement, and it was convenient for us, with BB  being on the Strip and in Mandalay Bay.  So, I would say the buffalo burger I had (buffalo, baby spinach, carmelized onions, and bleu cheese on a ciabatta bun) was quite good, but really, is any burger $22.00 good for a 5/8 lb patty?  It's a popular place, but overall, I found it overpriced, and thus the 3 star rating.  We had a 45 minute wait at 9:30pm.  Wife had a Cobb salad.  Our vacation partner had three sliders for $13.50.  His wife had the Black Jack (monterey jack cheese) burger  at $13.55, and this looked to be the best valued burger anyway.  Good place to check out for the selections and novelty, but it's a one time visit sort of place.
Two Words: Jalapeno Bacon!. Inspiring and begging to be replicated. . . Otherwise, The Burger Bar makes a good standard burger. I was surprised they actually have barely any pre-concocted burgers, but actually base their menu on build-your-own burgers, which I didn't like. I want what the "house specialty" is, but wasn't impressed by their list of standbys. Also, by making all the toppings ala carte, you can really inflate your check. . . I ordered the organic beef burger, which after cooked to my preference of medium well it could have been from a Kroger beef log and I wouldn't have known. So, it wasn't amazing beef. After my losing streak downtown the night before, no Kobe for me! Like I mentioned, the highlight of the sandwich was the jalapeno bacon where they cure the bacon in pickled jalapeno juice according the the waitress. The fried egg was cooked over medium when it was stated over easy. Bummer. Ala carte Sweet potato fries can be passed on. When one of my table mates ordered cheese fries, they actually just melt 3 slices of cheese onto your fries and then charge you for each slice of cheese. Hilarious!!! Fat Tire on tap made the boys happy. Iced tea was fresh and refreshing!. . I liked the rock decor and rock themed wait staff. Our service was good. By Monday at 12:30 There was already a wait so, you know it's popular. I'd definitely be back if I'm down at the South end of the Strip or staying at Mandalay, but I'm not making a special trip out. I mean, it's just burgers.
Yummy food. Good Service.. . Custom burgers: great. Fat Fries: good. Zucchini Fries: great, and good portion.. . Kind of a pricey lunch, but great place to try out.
I'd like to think of myself as a burger connoisseur of sorts as I've eaten the best and worst burgers throughout the country. Burger bar falls in the middle, there's absolutely nothing special about this burger. It didn't make my mouth water, it didn't leave me counting down to the next visit, but it didn't leave me needing some water to wash the taste out of my mouth either.. . The best thing about the place was the fries. I had the fat fries and they were delicious...maybe they should consider a name change to Fry Bar? They have fat fries, skinny fries, and sweet potato fries. My mom had the sweet potato fries and she said they were average, but loved my fat fries.. . The best thing about the burger was it's size. It's a pretty thick burger. The worst thing about it, was that it was dry. I ordered my burger medium rare, I expect to see at least a little blood, there was none.. . The service gets 2 stars. I went on a Sunday for lunch, probably my first mistake being a local and fighting the masses of hungover zombie looking folks. The wait was 30 minutes, not what I was looking for, but by the time I would've gone elsewhere, the 30 minutes would've been up. I ended up getting a seat in the bar about 10 minutes into my wait. It took an additional 10 minutes for the bartender standing directly in front of me to take my drink order. Another 10 for him to bring me my rootbeer, and then when my burger came, there was nothing on it! No cheese, not lettuce, no pickle, no tomato...all of which says comes on it, except the cheese, which I ordered as an add on. My mom's veggie burger was cold.. . I will not be back to this place
The service wasn't that great.  The food made up for it though.. . I had the vegetarian burger which I have to say was quite strange.  I have been a vegetarian for 6 years now and have had many a veggie burger.  This was was very very mush.  Think the texture of a rice casserole on a bun.  I finally had to take it out the ciabatta bun to finish it because the texture was freaking me out.  It was very tasty though... loved the many ingredients and thought it was cool that the veggie burger was made with pumpkin puree.. . I got blue cheese, button mushrooms and asparagus as toppings.  The asparagus was the PERFECT  burger topping.  The blue cheese was big chunks and the perfect amount.  I would skip the mushrooms next time.  Just nothing to write home about.. . The skinny fries didn't look like much were DELICIOUS!!. . The nutella milkshake was so unbelievably amazing.  You must splurge and have one!!. . My husband had their signature buffallo burger and really enjoyed it.  It looked fabulous.. . I was suprised by the ambiance.   I was expecting a counter service type place.  But this is a sit down, darker bar atmosphere.  I also hated how you had to walk down a long hallway and then out of the restaurant to get to the bathroom.  Go before you come.  ;)
Energetic atmosphere, service is okay but not great, the fries are nice and crispy & delicious, but my surf & turf burger was definitely not great.  Interesting combination to put asparagus, lobster, and a [perfectly cooked but underseasoned] burger together on a nice soft bun but how you can charge $25 for a burger and not even include a condiment is beyond me.  You have bottles of ketchup, mustard, and A-1 in front of you - which one of these would go well with a surf & turf burger?  None.  This thing was dying for a nice aioli or something which would have made it less dry and a whole lot more tasty.  Alas, no luck - and from a French chef no less where you would expect aioli to be readily available for the fries and everything.. . The restaurant is crazy busy but has 2 long bar seating areas as well as quite a few tables.  They do a great business and the vibe is good, I'll try to return at some point but it just annoys me when restaurants take good food and ruin it by forgetting about the little things like seasoning and in this case condiments.  Maybe the other burgers are better, presumably that's the case unless everyone is there just based on the hype.  In Vegas, it could be either one.
Good burger and amazing sweet potato fries.  Good service, but my only complaint is they keep the music pretty loud in there so if you wanna chat with whoever you bring you really have to pay attention lol.  Food and service is good though ... not an amazing burger by any means, but good.
Good burgers and Bloody Mary's.. . I had a buffalo burger cooked to perfection. The boyfriend had a spicy lamb burger that was really unique - the seasonings were complex and went well with the lamb. The fries were ordinary - we should have tried the sweet potato version.
I was a tad disappointed with this burger bar. With Hubert Keller i had high hopes. I had watched him on PBS make the vegeterian burger and decided to go for it with the skinny fries. It was A-OK burger nothing that made me swoon. Husband ordered the Keller special again not spectacular, what was good were the steak fries, fresh and delicious. Maybe my expectations were very high, the burgers didnt pack the punch i expected.
We ate here before watching the Lion King show. Let's just say I wasn't impressed. The reviews raved about the food and I was expecting more, I wasn't dissatisfied just disappointed. The place is small, like a dive bar and not what I expected.  I ordered the salmon burger with skinny fries. The fries were crispy and tasty but I have had better salmon burgers at Fuddruckers! I guess I expected since we were in Vegas (where things are bigger and usually better) the salmon burger would blow me away. That it did not, it kind of tasted like it had been frozen for awhile and didn't even taste like seafood. I expected more fishy, I like my salmon tasting like fish at least even though it's a burger. The bf got a regular old hamburger which he was not impressed by either. He said he has definitely had better and by the end of our meal I wished we would've saved our dinner to go somewhere else at the Mandalay Bay. We did end our meal with a strawberry banana shake which was yummy and I would return to get a shake but definitely not coming back to eat a burger.
Food was great. My husband and I split the house salad and the barbecue burger. He ordered medium and we got well done. He was upset....I was happy. Kids meal was two sliders my son enjoyed it and after a bite to inspect quality wink wink it was also a winner in my book. Great ice tea too. . . Service was random and slow. We had twoservers during our meal. The second one totally forgot us and left us hanging once our food arrived. I would go back and give it another try when we return to Vegas because the house salad was so good.  Everyone has an off day right?. . Three stars because of the mixed up order and less than great service.
I first heard about this place when I saw Hubert Keller on PBS. Was in Vegas and decided to seek the BB out. Perhaps my expectations were too high but I was not terribly impressed. My wife's salmon burger was very good but the Angus burger lacked sufficient seasoning. The french fry dipping sauce arrangement was the star of the show (very good). Our son's burger plate was adequate (definately salmonella free).
Ugh, Las Vegas. It was hate at first sight. No really, I could go on and on about the trashy crowds, the trash, the smoky casinos (not my scene!), etc. but at least a good find was to be had in terms of a quick, casual dinner on our one-night stopover. Not taken with the idea of eating at one of Las Vegas' famous, extravagant buffets, we decided to wander around the Mandalay Place shopping mall behind Mandalay Bay to see what we could find. Burger Bar was far-and-away the least crowded and most casual looking, so there we went. . . The menu offers your average burger assortment including some interesting toppings, and a solid cocktail list. I went for a dry martini (I needed it) and my friend had a boozy milkshake which she enjoyed. Our burgers were prepared quickly and everything seemed fresh and on-point. The toppings were flavorful (I had caramelized onions and gruyere cheese), and service was prompt and friendly. Burger Bar really was terrific and a great find for a quick meal.
My "medium" Kobe beef burger was well done. Service was slow.  Onion rings batter was too thick. Disappointed with Hubert.
I ordered the sliders, three small burgers each with a different meat.. . When they arrived no one told me which was which do I flagged down someone else to ask. Not a huge problem, but thats something the food runner should have shared.. . The taste was good, not great, and the third was cold by the time I got to it. They were also overlooked and a dry, didn't finish them.. . The beer list was a multi-page tomb, some fantastic beers in there. But the list of what was on tap wasn't there, for some reason that was on the back of the food menu.. . The experience wasn't awful but I doubt I'll be back.
I am all for the Nutella Milkshake!!! Honestly, I probably would never eat here if it wasn't for the Nutella milkshake and I kept talking about it all weekend that we ended up going there twice~. . Service was good on both visits but the hostess won't sit anyone until the whole party arrives so that was a tad annoying. . . I tried:. Nutella Milkshake - amazing!!! The nutella was prominent and it was plain addictive. Pretty huge for one person, best to share since nutella is quite sweet. Strawberry Banana Shake - pretty darn tasty, surprisingly light for a shake and not overly sweet. Cookie dough Shake - Not my favourite, had chunks of cookie dough with most of it blended in. Just like a light chocolate doughy shake. . Lamb Burger - Well seasoned, a little gamey with a nice kick from the spices. Not bad but not my favourite.. Salmon Burger - Amazing. The salmon fillet came looking like a patty(round) which was a tad alarming BUT it was just cut that way. Fresh and cooked a little rare in the middle, which was fine for us. I had it with a side of aioli n on a potato bun (both were delish). Zucchini fries were disappointing though.. . . Definitely be back since they open late, so we were able to go for a quick snack & nutella fix~
Visit #2 - Just a snack this time.... . The Burger Bar has great milkshakes with lots of whipped cream on top. My wife and I tried their Sliders appetizer and I recommend this for a smaller meal.. . The Buffalo slider with caramelized onions was decent, though nothing to write home about. The Angus slider with bacon was pretty good. The standard beef slider with pickle, mustard and cheese was the best of the lot.. . Prices are standard for Vegas and the service was above average, especially since it was busy and we were sitting at the end of the bar.
They have slow service and the food is just okay. Only thing special is that they have many unique burger toppings, but it's not worth it for the money they charge.
I travel extensively, and prior to my last trip, this was my favorite burger place in any city. My last experience, however, was not up to par. The Kobe beef burger was very dry, and more bland than I remember. . . I actually went back a second time that weekend, hoping it was just a bad burger. Sadly, it was not just one bad burger, it was two in a row. . . All in all, the staff is nice, the place is very clean, and the overall experience was not bad. But, for the money, I don't think you are getting the quality you used to at the Burger Bar. . . My hunt for a new #1 burger begins again.
A large group of us ate here after the Michael Jackson show.. . Food was great, had the buffalo burger and added my toppings on. Fries were great.. . Shakes were yummy and creamy as well.. . My only complaint was the service. But, the Tv's they had on the side of the booth made it ok to wait.. . Check it out if you are looking for a casual dinner place in Vegas.
The french fry sauces were the best thing here.  I ended up getting sliders to try three types of burgers and none of them stood out.  The sauce sampler is worth the try.  A decent place for lunch if your at Mandalay Bay and need a bite.
Good burgers with a lot of options (and i mean a LOT) but really pricey.
My boyfriend was recommend this place as the place to go for burgers; especially, since they had a $60 burger that was worth the price. I was excited! I'm a carnivore myself and  what carnivore wouldn't love a burger late at night? He ordered his $60 burger and I tried another burger. . . Needless to say, I was disappointed with my burger...The ground beef had several little pieces of nerves in it, yuck, I could not enjoy my burger. I took a bite out of the $60 burger and so worth the price. We ended up telling the waitress about my burger, she apologized and explained that the ground beef was made fresh daily and it tends to happen. I do not know if that's a good or bad thing?! Fresh ground beef but with little pieces of nerves, hmmmm?! We did get 50% off my burger but I would have rather paid full price for a delicious burger I would have enjoyed to the last bite. . . Oh well, I might give this place another try next time I'm in town but that's a big might. The ambiance was cool, casual, they had a bar, and tvs. The night we we went it was pretty empty for a Saturday night in Vegas, weird. But give it a shot and you might just like it!
Average. Average. Average. The All-American Burger was allright but the Nutella Milkshake I ordered tasted nothing like Nutella. It was not bad but I was disappointed for the most part.
Snagged a booth in the back - with a table added on to fit the eight of us.  FYI - with 8 people, consider the 18% gratuity built in and the service guaranteed to not be stellar... ah shucks.. . Had the peppercorn burger, which was cooked correctly (+), came with atasty peppery sauce (+), and sweet potato fries (extra $, but still great).  The highlight of the meal was the mint chocolate chips milkshake.  Liquor and chocolate blended into drinkable heavenly sips.
These burgers are nothing special unless you are willing to fork up way too much money for a burger.  I assume that the more expensive burgers are probably pretty good, but even the basic burger at a burger place should be decent, right? However, the cheapest burgers here were kind of dry and flavorless without lots of ketchup and toppings. I suppose that's Vegas for you, eh?. . The sweet potato fries are pretty good, and the variety of toppings available is impressive.  The sad news is that each one is something like another dollar. Fail.
I was hesitant to even give this place 3 stars, I only did because they had a great beer selection. . . $90 for lunch with 2 burgers, 1 fry and 3 beers. Maybe some of the worst money I've ever spent. The burgers were just ok, nothing spectacular. My boyfriend's Kobe Beef burger had chunks of tendons or something in it. The bartenders were attentive but not personable. . . I wouldn't return, or suggest this place to anyone. . . BLT Burger was so much better, just a few hotels down the strip.
At first, I was very excited to try this place after seeing their menu online, but I was wary of trying it after reading some of the reviews on Yelp. The BF really wanted to try it, so we decided to give it a go. Yet again, he beat me with food choices (how does this always happen to me?!?!). We both built burgers with the naturesource patties. He got bacon, pineapple, cheddar, and spicy ketchup. He was very happy with his choice. I, however, was kind of disappointed with mine. I got caramelized onions, the red wine reduction sauce, and cheddar. The sauce, which I thought would be amazing because it was supposed to be like a 'signature' sauce and it cost like 3$ was totally bland! I was counting on it for a lot of flavor, and it totally disappointed. The burger was fine, but nothing special. We also split some sweet potato fries, which were good, but, for 30+ dollars,I wouldn't come back here again.
This place is not disgusting, but its definitely disappointing for the price.  The only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars and not 2 is because our server was super sweet and attentive.  My hubby spent the whole meal commenting on how her and another server looked quite similar, turns out they were twins.. . Anyways,  I had the Angus w/swiss, mushrooms, and carmelized onions.  It was fine, but was far from the best burger I've ever had.  I also had the fat fries and a Carmel Latte (I think that's what it's called) shake.  They were both like 3.5 stars, but the value was terrible.  For the price it should have been spectacular.  Disappointed again by a celebrity chef.
Um....not the best burger I've ever had, not even by a long shot.  I know it's popular, but my experience was not particularly life changing.  It could be that I was trying to be "healthy" and ordered a salmon burger.  It's pricey, and for me, it was simply okay.  I don't think I'll go back anytime soon, unless it's free or there's a super good discount.. . On the upside, the service was good.
Very strong beer selection, though inferior to Todd English. Lots of Belgians and US crafts.. I decided to go with the burger, to see if the place can live up to its name and not only was it priced rather reasonably, but it was pretty delicious.. Eventhough it is located in a mall type setting, the ambiance is inside is pretty tolerable. Some of the other visitors were consuming BMCs, as the name would absolutely attract "beer junkies," that live on Bud Light and other such delicacies, and some of the waitresses, whose natural shapes have been modified by surgeons operating in the fields of plastics, had no shame in not knowing much about the good beer, but nevertheless, for this locale, if you must have craft beer- this is one of the stops that I would recommend.
We stopped in just to grab a beer at the bar before a show at House of Blues ,which was very costly,and after looking at the delicious and costly menu,decided not to eat here.I was on a budget that night and my belgian beer on tap cost me $10 as it was, so we left after that.. They only have burgers, fries, and shakes. And a bar. No appetizers. Perhaps if I get a paycheck I can blow I'll try a burger from there, but the cheapass in me thinks I can find a better one less than half the cost.
I go here every time I am in Vegas - had a fabulous turkey burger.  Highly recommended.
Well, that's disappointing. I see it, there are a ton of reviews that rave and rave about this place. Friends even recommended it, and that's probably where it falls flat; heightened expectations. Vegas is known to be a spot you can get great food. Besides the barrage of partying, debauchery, shows, and loads of booze, it's certainly a place to indulge every desire, and food is definitely one of them.. . So why did this place fail to impress? I was honestly expecting to be blown to smithereens by everyone else' experience with BB, but it was just run of the mill for me. I wanted decadence and deliciousness that I can't find anyone to compete with back home, but I can find at least one burger join in the cities I frequent that easily rival BBs offerings.
Another place I may have to try again because I think I ordered the wrong thing. I need to go back and try the Kobe beef burger as the black angus burger that Kacey ordered was nothing to go crazy about and the Burger Bar sliders were good but just not worth the price.. Onion rings, zucchini fries and sweet potato fries were all delicious. Skinny fries were ok.. Not a fan of places that nickel and dime you for every topping either, but I guess they are just trying toget you to order their specialty burgers.
This restaurant, by famed restaurateur Heubert Keller touts itself as the best burger in Las Vegas and the ultimate burger experience.  Instead this place is everything you would expect from a stuck up gourmet who wouldn't know a great burger if it hit him in the face.  Don't get me wrong, you won't get food poisening here and you won't come away saying that the burgers were inedible, in fact for the most part the end result is a good burger.  I am certain however, Mr. Keller and his chefs have never seen the parking lot of a sporting event with a charcol grille and a spatula. . . First, what I don't like about this place.  The burgers were cooked like a gourmet would, meaning good for a steak, bad for a burger.  All the burgers we tried were underdone and we asked for them medium.  Second, the prices are outrageous.  You will not get out of here below $20.00 per person and for a burger, that is just wrong.  Third, the service is absolutely attrocious for the price.  This is supposed to be a burger place but they treat you like the fine dining establishments, meaning rude service and slow service.  Fourth, the Kobe burger is a waste of time.  The flavor is lacking and quite honestly, you don't need the best meat to make a good burger. Fifth, the bun is boring. I expect better from a 20 dollar burger joint.  The buns we had were dry inside and soggy outside.. . Now, for the good about this place. 1) you can get just about anything on your burger and you pick and choose what is on it. 2) you can get just about any type of meat on your burger from kobe to buffalo to ostrich. 3) the burger is tasty if you get them to cook it right.  The sides and drinks deliver.. . Still searching, let me know your favorite burger place so I can try.
3.5 stars. Let's start off with the positives: Service was very, very good. Our waitress was friendly, attentive, quick to refill water, and was basically perfect.. . However, the 3 stars above indicate something wrong with the experience, and that something was the food itself.. . I had the Kobe Beef Burger with Provolone and my fiancee ordered the Hubert Keller burger and fries. Fries were pretty good. Nice texture, nice flavor, but nothing amazing.. . The Hubert Keller burger had a solid combination of flavors, with nice play between the cheese, the meat, and the sauce. If both burgers were as decent as the Hubert Keller burger, I would've probably leaned towards four stars. However, my Kobe beef burger, despite only being cooked to medium and still nice and pink inside, was really dry and flavorless. There was just not enough fat in my burger. No juiciness. And since the burger was very basic other than the cheese, there was nothing else to mask the forgettable patty. Perhaps I should have added some truffle and foie gras to liven it up, but then I'd just be enjoying those things, rather than the burger itself.. . If you're going to come here, spend a bit more and get their specialty burgers, I guess. Wanted to like thisplace because Hubert Keller is the man, but left feeling a wee bit disappointed.
Good gourmet burgers, sweet potato fries, and TVs in each booth...but if the wait is long, forget it....not worth it.
Damn, I was reallllllly excited to try out burger bar as part of my "best burger on the planet" hunt. Unfortunately, I brought no appetite to the table when I got there, so I just ordered a Bloody Mary and the sliders. Right off the bat, our drinks took maximum, 2 minutes to arrive. The stunning bartender was so apologetic for the slow service (????) that the first round was on her, awesome (god I love Vegas)!. . The drink was damn delicious, full of flavor and spice,not just a glug of clamato with cocktail olives. . . My sliders came out, they were a little less impressive. Again, I must preface this by saying I had 0 appetite, otherwise I would have ordered a regular burger and I'm sure, would have been exceedingly happy with it. . . The sliders were just meh, OK. They were pretty standard, and to be honest, the patty was pretty bland and uninteresting. It was my fault, I mean, who orders sliders when hunting for life altering burgers. Next time I am in Vegas, I pledge to return to the Burger Bar with an empty belly and a carnal craving for stupendous burgers. . . Hubert - My 5 star review will have to wait.
It was fair to middling, and not as great as the reviews I've read. I had the Kobe beef burger with lettuce, tomato, avocado, and cheddar cheese. The beef was fantastic, but the toppings were actually pretty bad. The avocado was under-ripe and the bacon was way overcooked. It was like a beautiful Italian sports car with a bunch of stupid bumper stickers on it (think "COEXIST" and Calvin peeing on something); a tremendous foundation with garnishes that only subtract.. . The sweet potato fries, while tasty, were lukewarm and kind of soggy. Not the best I've had, to be sure.. . The Nutella Shake, however, is worth all the hype and more. It was so rich and amazing that I'd come back here just for that. Too bad it's a four hour flight.... . I'd give Burger Bar another try next time I'm in Vegas, but I'm disappointed I didn't have the experience everyone else on Yelp seems to have had.
Lots of outstanding reviews here. I can't say I fully agree. . . I had an angus burger. It was OK. Nothing special, though.  The service was outstanding. I don't think my soda level ever fell below 1 inch from the top. . . The salted caramel milkshake was delish! Almost makes me want to give this place an extra star. Unless you really love it, you might ask for no or a little bit of whipped cream. My shake was at least 1/4 whipped cream. . . Cool, casual atmosphere.
Good food. Pricey.  Service wasn't very good considering it was slooow.  If I was craving a burger I would go there again.
Came here Saturday after 3PM, had to wait around 10 minutes for a table for 4.  I've ordered the $60 Rossini burger (wagyu beef topped with foie gras and shavings of black truffle).  The burger was tasty, but I could do without the black truffle, and opted with just the foie gras.  The Rossini includes side of fries and either a standard milk shake or a hamburger dessert.. . Our waitress was ok, came to take our order and then disappeared for the remaining of our meal.  The fries were overcooked, but I did not have a chance to tell our waitress to bring another.  Most of our service was delivered by the hard working bus boys.  I had to order extra beer from the bus boy as well, since our waitress seems to be hiding from us.
Take my review with a grain of salt.  I went to this place because it was voted one of the best burgers in Vegas.  They have a LOT of burger options, so if you are looking for something different, this is probably the place to go.  I got the cheapest burger on the menu - which was still like 15 bucks.  The burger was thick and juicy but not great.  I honestly would have been just as satisfied with a Red Robin burger (now you know where I'm coming from).  The next step up is a 22 dollar burger, which to me is an obscene amount of money for a burger.  The service was good, but the dining was very cramped - which was probably the biggest surprise about this place.  The coolest part about my visit was that we got to see Hubert Keller.  If not for that, I'd probably give it 2.5 stars.  If you want a rare and expensive burger and a chance to see a famous chef, go here.  If you are just hungry for a burger and don't really care, go to a cheaper place that you know you'll like.
not bad... not bad.... . my boyfriend and i shared a make-yourself burger with australian kobe beef ($17.75) + 2 slabs of foie gras ($13 each) + portabello mushrooms ($1.50?) + truffle sauce ($5.50?). the burger for some reason came out really lukewarm. mmm.. no, not lukewarm. more like cold, as if it had been sitting out for awhile. it was kind of a bummer even though the food itself tasted good. it would have been much better had it been delivered to us freshly cooked. . . i loved the skinny fries. they were so crispy and delicious. we ordered a side of truffle mayo to dip with it ($5) and it was REALLY yum. we also ordered pepper jack cheese shots, which are basically mozzarella sticks except with pepper jack and shaped into a ball rather than a stick. those came with some type of buttermilk ranch sauce and were okay, but again would have been better if it had come to us directly from the fryer. . . i give this place three stars because located in mandalay bay, it was WAY too far, especially in 110 degree heat, and because that heat didn't translate onto our food.. . but $13 for a piece of foie gras... legit!
Nice burger place. Pros: great attentive service and decent pricing for this area. Cons: food tastes pretty standard, disappointed in quality of fries.
I love this place I go here at least 2 times every visit to Vegas. I have waited happily for 45min just to get my Salmon Burger. The owner is always there checking on everything. I have great respect for that man.. This time the hostess had some personal issues. She looked new, maybe thats why?? Sister with attitude..usually its a turn on for me.
Very Good burger but overpriced.  The Counter is still Better!
Beer selection was a great surprise.  We ordered medium-rare burgers and they were quite good.  We had to do the dessert burger and that was fun.  Overall, it was nice but not quite what I had hoped for.  Was OK.
Oh burger bar, the love hate I have with you. I love the big juicy burgers. I love Kobe or even the natural source. Love the fry sampler. Love the spicy ketchup. But hate hate how you charge for everything. How can I get a burger and not want to put everything you have available on it. And then slowly cry while I consume the most delicious $30 burger I ever had
After researching for the best burger place in Vegas, I finally settled on Burger Bar and the hubby and I were both somewhat disappointed. Burgers were cooked as we ordered them but I felt like mine was dry and he agreed. Fries were pretty tasty and my milkshake was very good. Not sure what all the fuss is about. I much preferred Strip Burger!. . It was nice to have a little tv at our booth to watch some ESPN, but that's about all the great things I have to say about it!
Friend: I know this fantastic Burger spot when we get to Vegas... YOU HAVE TO TRY THE KOBE BEEF!!!. us: Always up for good place to eat.... . Got to the Burger Bar... got seated after a good 30 min wait.. Staff was nice, the place was clean, floor is too slippery, girls with slippery shoes be careful!!! (no I didnt fall). . Started to look at the menu.. . Friend: Dont even bother looking at the menu, YOU HAVE TO EAT THE KOBE BEEF BURGER!!. Me: Ya I will, just want to see what else they have.. . Friend: NO! makes no difference, we are ALL eating the kobe beef burger!. Me: *ignoring him* *continue looking at the menu*. Friend to his gf: I will order for all us... we all HAVE TO eat the kobe beef burger... . Me: getting annoyed at this point.. almost not wanting to eat that... . Friend: Cynthia I'll order for you!. Me: not saying anything... . . waitress: you guys ready?. Friend: we'll all have the Kobe Beef Burger, cooked medium!!!!. Me: umm... make that 2 Kobe beef burgers and 2 chicken sandwiches (me and the person I was with)... . . Chicken sandwich was great... and I am no longer friends with the Friend.. he did not like someone not letting him have control over their choices!!! Oh well...
Had lunch here last week on my trip to Las Vegas.  It was very good.  We had to wait a few minutes for them to clear off a booth, but it was not a big hassle.  The restaurant was very busy.  Our booth had a TV mounted in it, and that was cool. You had no control over the station, however.  It was on ESPN and that was fine with me and my husband.. . I had a create your own burger with naturesource ground beef and added some toppings.  It was very good.  I had sweet potato fries.  We could have shared one order of fries but I wanted Sweet Potato and my DH did not.  He had the create your own burger with a lamb burger, blue cheese and jalapenos.  He loved his burger. . . The service was good, nothing stellar, but it was fine.  We both had beers with lunch and all in all it was a good experience.
Burger Bar is a small burger chain by French chef Hubert Keller.  This place is basically a higher scale build-your-own burger restaurant where just about every ingredient costs some extra money.  What you see here is the Australian wagyu beef patty with swiss cheese and fois gras on top.  Yep, a fat piece of fois gras on top.  The burger was cooked medium and was very juicy.  In fact, it was soaking juicy which caused the bun to to be way too wet.  The fois gras by itself tasted creamy but was hardly seasoned.  When paired with the wagyu burger, it absolutely did not mix at all.  It was like eating a big piece of fat.  . . All in all, I thought it was just an OK burger joint due to the price, but it's definitely a decent lunch spot if you're in Las Vegas.
We went there at the recommendation of a local friend who loved this place, but we left there just kind of feeling "meh" about the whole experience.. . First, the good: There were a lot of options for our burgers, in terms of selection of ingredients, toppings, etc.  You can even build your own burger with just about as many things as you could want in or on it, truly making your own masterpiece of a burger.  There are a ton of side options, too, and you can even get a sampler of different types of fries, tater tots and even fried mac & cheese bites.. . And the dulce de leche martini that I had was to die for.... It was the perfect blend of alcohol and sweetness to me!. . Then there's the not so good: The place is ridiculously loud to where even with a 3/4 enclosed booth with high walls separating us from patrons at the next table over, we still could barely hear anything through all the music and noise.  . . I had the Hubert Keller burger, which as others have reviewed, is over $20.  Yes, I get that this is considered a somewhat "high end" gourmet restaurant, but for 20+ dollars, I expect that burger to sing in my mouth with flavor and texture, and what I got was a very generic burger that tasted overwhelmingly of the carmelized onions and slightly stale ciabatta bread.  . . The other burgers that our friends had were good, but again, no one reported that it was anything spectacular that made it worth the premium we were paying for what was essentially burgers and fries.  . . So in the end, it was a decent food experience, but unless our local friend insists on going, it probably won't be on our radar on our next trip to Vegas.
Ate here a few months ago... we were looking for a good burger place in Vegas and thought we couldn't go wrong here, turns out we should have probably just jumped in the car and went to In & Out instead. The burgers were just "ok" and definitely not anything to rave about. At least at In & Out, we would have gotten our money worth.... Hubby got the Kobe & bison burgers, I got a trio of three sliders and all of them weren't that great. My husband kept adding more salt for flavor & mine were mediocre. Oh well, next time we know to opt for somewhere better & cheaper to save us more $$ for beers!
I was expecting something amazing as I am a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay.  The food was good but my burger came out wrong twice.  First time it was missing a topping and second time it came out welldone when I asked for Medium.  The server and manager were apolgetic and the burger still tasted good.  They had a great beer selection and our server was very knowledgable.
First off, we both enjoyed our meals. She had a veggie burger with a fried egg and marinara while I had the angus with avo an Gouda. They were both great and the marinara was super good. However the reason I am giving it 3 stars is because my  girlfriend spent the night with what seemed to be food poisoning. Besides her burger we shared everything else she ordered. With only one night in Vegas it really stamped out our night. We were also driving back home to Oregon the next day. So instead of making the trip in one day we had to get a room for next night due to her not feeling well. The experience in the restaurant was awesome however the repercussions of her veggie burger was extremely unfortunate.
Thanks to all the great Yelp reviews and the fact that it was close to our hotel, we decided to try the Burger Bar. It was late when we went in for dinner, about 11:30pm or so. The restaurant was fairly empty, I think there were about 2 or 3 other tables that were occupied. Our waiter was helpful and seemed to be very busy. . . The burgers here were so-so, nothing great but I've had better. My husband had a lamb burger which was nice, mainly because it came with spicy ketchup. The sliders I ordered were ok. They were a little dry, but not bad. I asked for some ranch with my fries and it came semi-frozen. We also ordered the Salted Caramel MilkShake, which was excellent as was my husband's Mai Tai.
For a random Monday 2pm late lunch, the wait was about 45 minutes, so there is something to be said about that. That you're going to get some pretty good burgers here.. . And finally I went with their Hubert Keller Burger. It was good, but nothing worth writing to mom about. I actually enjoyed the fries more.. . The same goes with the milkshake. It wasn't too rich or fatty or anything. And it was just the right amount.. . But the HK Burger was just so-so. So-so that I had to box it and eat it later on. . . Looks like I have to come back and try the other burgers. If this place is known for the "best burgers" you bet I'm going to give these guys at least another shot to see if it is true and maybe try out the Rossini burger. Will see!!
Being a vegetarian, I was a bit skeptical to try this burger place.  But when I noticed the veggie burger on the menu, I decided to give it a try.. . I must say, all my friends loved their burgers.  But my review is solely based on the vegetarian burger I got.. . My order was the following:. - Skinny Fries: Delicious. - Onion Rings: Delicious. - Caramel Milkshake: Amazing. - Chef's Veggie Burger: I was a bit disappointed with this burger.  I was very excited as I took my first bite.  But realized that there was absolutely no salt.  The burger was very bland.  I had to put some spicy sauce on it to get some flavor.  I couldn't even finish half of it.. . So as a vegetarian, I was disappointed.  But I am sure the other burgers are amazing (as per my friends).
The burger was good, but not great. Maybe I chose wrong. The bun was very good.  The fries were very good. . . The atmosphere was the best thing about the meal. The folks who waited on me were very nice and very attentive.
I thought the krabby patty was made with crab, but it is made of burger. A little cheese burger slider , and it comes with shoe string fries. My burger was a little dry, but not a problem ketchup can't fix.  My dad got the buffalo burger with blue cheese, and jalapeno bacon. The bacon was yummy, but who doesn't love bacon? I though the buffalo meat was good, moist, and it tasted better than my mom said it was going to taste. My mom ate the Kobe burger with Brie , and carmelized onions. She liked it so much she didn't want to give my dad a bite :)  The sweet potato fries were really tastey. Oh, and the Nutella shake was gooooood.
Simply OKAY. Nothing amazing about it. . After hearing rave reviews from out of towners, I decided to try this place. For a Saturday night it wasn't busy at all and we were seated immediately. . I ordered the angus burger with swiss, spinach and portabello mushroom, all on an onion roll. The spinach I expected raw, so when it was cooked and totally slimy, it turned me off. . The burger wasn't anything impressive, the bun was super dry. I've honestly put together yummier burgers at home.... but the mushroom I could have eaten an entire plate of!!! Omg! . . I ordered the sweet potato fries with it and they were awesome. My hubs ordered the onion rings and they were not battered!!! ugh!....I take off a full star for that alone! . They offer some really rich shakes. It was a bit too much for me, but it sounded like they have some interesting options. . The burgers broken down didn't seem so pricey, so we got a surprise when the bill came! Almost $50 for the 2 of us, so I don't think I'll be returning here.
This may sound funny, but I can't think of what to say about Burger Bar outside of "they serve good burgers." I mean really, it's hard to mess up a burger. Sure, a burger could be overcooked, or use terrible quality beef. but BB does not suffer from either of those problems.. . I ordered their natural, organic beef topped with sprouts, avocado, peppers, and a fried egg. What did it taste like? Like a $12 burger I just paid $20 for. Not bad, but I would certainly say not worth the extra cash and extra effort to go to Mandalay Bay.. . I did sample the Nutella shake and did, in fact, want a gallon of that stuff. Highly recommended if you do end up here.
This was my first time to Burger Bar and only knew of this place from Yelp and ironically, friends from out of town. Most of my Yelp buds gave Burger Bar good ratings, so I knew a meat feast was inevitable.   Shawn H. put out a UYE for Burger Bar and I took advantage of this opportunity. Keep in mind that Burger Bar is located inside Mandalay Bay.  Most restaurants tend to cost a little more in a casino on the strip.  But at Burger Bar, prices are fairly cheap considering its location.  Burger Bar has a huge selection and you can also create your own burger.  These are all great call outs for a burger joint. But first things first, I need to point out is that this visit was during Lent in which red meat is currently being sidelined. Second, I don't drink much.  So, my review might not be a fair one at the moment because I am not reviewing Burger Bar for what they are known for, which is a burger and a bar.  . . This visit and rating is for their service and their Salmon Burger. The Salmon Burger is huge at a half pound and prepared medium well. Price is about $10 which is a good start. However, I felt that taste was lacking and the salmon patty was dry. I know salmon isn't flavorful in the first place, but I have had tasty salmon burgers at other restaurants (ie. Halphen Red in San Diego).  Since I was eating 8 oz of this stuff, I at least got about 40 grams of protein and Omega 3's.  In all, I was disappointed with my salmon burger. . . The service is pretty good considering that our party was fairly big.  Burger Bar is veryaccommodating and the staff is excellent.  You can say that the service almost cancelled out the poor taste of the salmon burger.  I have not given up on Burger Bar. I still have their real burgers to try and based on what other Yelpers have stated already, this is what they are known for. . . PS:  This was a Shawn H's UYE.  I had a great time with other Yelp friends.  Thanks again Shawn for putting this together.
So was looking for a traditional burger bar, my girlfriend (the yelp queen) discovered this establishment. It was not what I was thinking about but hey we were there so lets try it. I had the lamb burger, with jalapenos bacon...damn that was the bomb! I will visit them again!
Burger Bar was GOING to get a 2 star review from me, after the waiter entered our order, forgot to "Submit" it or whatever they have to do, and then 30 minutes passed.. . The fact that he admitted exactly what happened when our food arrived 50 minutes later gave him back the star.. . Otherwise the food was pretty average.  The SELECTION however, was fantastic.. . We might even have stayed a little longer, but the dubstep pummels you in the head over and over and over again (Perhaps it is a Deadmau5 mating ritual?) . If you don't have Tinnitus before you stop in, you will after you leave.. . Still, they have an incredible selection and I did very much want to try one of the milkshakes (Nutella? yes please) but after being trapped in there for nearly an hour all I wanted to do was leave.
I read about this place having the best burgers on the strip, so I made sure to include it on the itinerary for a lunch during our trip.  Husband ordered the Kobe burger with some avocado, no cheese and I went with the no preservatives selection on a sesame bun with jack and lettuce.  I am not sure what went wrong with this combo, but the bottom bun turned to paste/mush and was really gross.  I was scraping it off to be able to eat the burger and was not eating especially slowly where I could see this happening.  He liked his burger a lot, and the fries were very good (as were my zucchini fries and the sauce sampler we got) so I only took off a few stars.  It's hard to give more than 3 stars when your main item falls so short.  The basil and truffle mayo sauces were my favorite - both were better on the zucchini than the ranch it came with!  Skip the white BBQ and the spicy ketchup, they are forgettable.  I even put the truffle mayo on my burger at some point to try and salvage it, but no dice.
Went to Burger Bar with a large group of yelpers (Shawn H's UYE).  I ordered the angus burger with pepper jack, jalapeno bacon, avocado on ciabatta and a side of truffle mayo.  I opted to skip the fries and get a chocolate peanut butter milk shake instead.  The shake was amazing.  One of the best shakes I've had.  When our food came my plate had fries and it looked like the wrong burger because I didn't see any avocado but I didn't want to touch it to check.  I told the waitress that I thought it was wrong and she said it was right.  She argued with me saying I didn't order avocado and then finally brought me some avocado on a plate for me to put on my burger.  I open up my burger to add the avocado and the cheese was all white with no peppers at all so I didn't think it was pepper jack, and the bacon was definitely pepper bacon and not jalapeno bacon.  I think she might have confused the pepper jack with pepper bacon? I'm not sure.  It was very loud in the restaurant so that could have been part of it also. I don't appreciate the waitress arguing with me though.  I know what I freaking ordered.  I'm a yelper.  I looked at the menu and knew what I was going to order before I got here.  So I ate the burger with the avocado she brought and just left the wrong cheese and bacon.  After the avocado fiasco I didn't want to deal with her anymore.  I didn't enjoy the burger at all.  Not sure if the right bacon and cheese would have changed that.  It just wasn't good.  I didn't even eat half the burger and I was starving when I got there.  She didn't charge me for the fries even though I said I would pay for them.  My total for the burger, shake and auto gratuity was $30.  Pretty pricey for a burger, especially one that wasn't very good.  A few others at our table didn't care for their meal either.  I'm wondering if I just got Burger Bar on a off day.  I have heard such good things I will be back to give them another try.
I ordered the Nutella milkshake, Kobe beef burger on an onion bun with bacon, cheddar, and truffle mayo, and our table split the fried macaroni and cheese, fried zucchini, and onion rings. I don't know if I ordered wrong but my beef didn't have a lot of flavor. The fried macaroni and cheese was my favorite! The Nutella milkshake was pretty yummy as well. For the price and since there are so many other delicious dining options in Vegas, I would not recommend The Burger Bar. Our waiter however was very attentive and split our bill for us to include the shared fried foods we ordered which was pretty awesome!
I came here once and it was just okay. I got the buffalo burger and it was not cooked very well. Pretty soggy.. . The service was good, the server I had was very helpful and suggested the buffalo as one of her favorites. The wait wasn't too bad.
top quality food at overpriced strip prices.  it's good but not so good as to inspire a trip to the strip.  especially when there are plenty of in-n-out(s) in town
I had heard about Burger Bar for years. The hype that this place received, had me expecting the Michael Jordan of burger joints.... . . When I was seated, I was pleasantly surprised that each booth had it's own TV, which allowed for me to watch the NBA playoffs up close. Definitely a huge plus for a sports fanatic such as myself. . . I ordered a Kobe Burger with spinach, cheddar cheese, caramelized onions, and peppered bacon, while opting for the Fat Fries. I went with a vanilla shake to wash the food down. . . First came the shake, which was possibly the best shake I have ever had in my life. This is probably an exaggeration, but it was very, very good. Next came my burger and fries. The fires were decent (hard to mess up fries), especially when dipped in the side sauces that I had added on. Unfortunately, the burger tasted how it looked; very average. I'm not sure what my expectations were, but a regular, messy, sad looking, lump of a burger, SMOTHERED in caramelized onions was not it (there were literally more onions than meat). Definitely a deal breaker for me. . . I expected to get the MJ of burgers, and was handed a Darko Milicic: decent, average, not bad, and not worth the hype... Definitely not how I want to describe an $80 dining experience. . . Three stars for the shake and the TV's in the booths. Food was worth maybe two.
Always a great time and always a great burger. No matter what I order here, I am always satisfied. I used to work nearby and would frequent Burger Bar for their Sweet Potato fries and turkey burgers. The level of variety is quite impressive and they seem to always be updating with new and interesting menu items and burger ingredient selections.
This place was just alright. We went to dinner here before heading to the Lady Gaga concert at MGM. For the price I expected a better meal. I probably wont go back here again.
Burgers are good but not great. They're priced for great, they're more expensive then known great LA spots like hole in the wall and umami, but not close to as good. Guess you're in Vegas and Mandalay Bay at that, but I still believe in getting what you pay for, not paying for hype. I came here twice but would not return.
This place is ok.  Tried the American classic and the Hubert Keller burger.  Of those two, definately go with the Hubert Keller buffalo burger.  With that said, both burgers were just ok.  Nothing special to write home about.
The Burger Bar has good burgers. I have had better burgers. The service was good and the staff is friendly.. . I had the American Kobe Burger. It was cooked perfect. Med Rare.. . I would deformity recommend giving this place a try.
Simple, FAST review.. Food:  A little overpriced, but delicious and juicy.. Ambiance:  OK, a little loud.. Service:  Terrible.  On several occasions our glasses were completely empty and had to actually stop someone to get them refilled.  Server wasn't very friendly either.. Thought:  Great burgers, a little bid of a wait, and service that can use a little improvement.
Perhaps my expectations were too high b/c Hubert Keller's name is attached to this restaurant. I thought my burger would be the bestburger ever.. . It was good. Above average. But I couldn't say it was better than a burger at... Cheesecake Factory. So... right. . . What did set this place apart was the fat (vs the skinny) french fries. Crispy and delicious. Maybe the skinny ones were good too, but I didn't try those!. . It's a family friendly and convenient spot for ppl staying at the Mandalay Bay or THEhotel.
Not a bad place.  Food was good.  Burgers were a little bit pricey for ok for a place off of the strip...
bf and i ate here when we went to vegas.  i was searching out burger places cause i am secretly competing with him to make the best burger (he thinks he makes an amazing burger).  i was never a big burger eater but i am eating as many burgers as possible now so i can perfect my recipe and since we were in vegas i couldn't pass hubert keller's burger bar up.  we arrived here and it looked super packed but we didn't care and sat at the bar.  pretty loud ambiance and was a little difficult to keep up a conversation.  extensive beer list but we had magic hats.  really good beer which i've had before.  so on to the food i mean i was kinda drunk by then and hungry so food should've tasted good so burger bar had a +1 already on my end.  i made my own burger with the bison meat and i forgot what my bf had.  the burger patty was pretty large, looked juicy, tasted good but like... not amazing.  it wasn't really memorable and it was pretty expensive which i expected but for being expensive i wanted something mind-blowing.  fries were ok.  i mean i guess if you just want a big normal burger then eat there but don't set your expectations too high.
Overall experience was good if your looking for a bite to eat that is inside the Mandalay Bay.  . . We sat at the bar to eat.. . I would give 5 stars to our waiter/bartender Carlos. He was right their all the time if we needed anything!
This is another of those places run by a celeb chef jumping into the burger craze that has hit everyone on this planet.  Tried the American Classic, Peppercorn, fries and the Caesar Salad.  The burgers were okay.  They did come at the desired temperature but its not like the pate was anything special.  The Peppercorn burger in fact has too find a grind on the pepper resulting almost a dusty tasting burger.  The bun these come in was quite good, but not good enough to make me succumb to eating it.  The fries were excellent, crunchy outside and light and fluffy inside.  The surprise was the salad, which was excellent.  This looked like hand torn leaves definitely a house made dressing with the perfect touch of creaminess with the gentlest hint of anchovy in the back, just delicious.. . Very pricey, but hey if you are going to gamble on a burger, where else would you do it but Vegas!
This place, like SOOOO many others in Vegas, makes a great burger.  I agree with many of the other reviews on here that have noted that they are just jumping into the celebrity chef / flavor-of-the-month equation.  Don't get me wrong, the burgers are great, but the bar is set quite high in Vegas.
It was good, not great.  But, really, how can you eff up a burger?. . I got the kobe 1/2lb burger on a potato bun and added pepper jack, chipotle aoli, and guacamole.  Add some onion rings and a soda and . . . $36?!  . . You would think at that price, it would've at least been a damn good burger.  It wasn't.  A double-double at In-n-Out is better -- at $2.80.  . . I'll pass.
Service is alright. I'm a turkey burger person, this place doesn't impress me at all. The pepper jack shots are my favorite thing on the menu. I've had beef burgers and they're alright but not for the price I don't think. They do have a fun make your own milk shake menu which is fun. I'm sure ill be back as my friends are big fans but save your money for a better burger.
I haven't been to Burger Bar in a while. Their burgers are ok but overpriced for what you are getting. Better off going to Gordon Ramsay's place if you are thinking of spending 20 dollars on a burger.
The burgers here were pretty decent I suppose. This place is your average fast food restaurant. It is a step above McDonalds and the food is ok, but it's not really anything that I would rant or rave about either way. The server was your typical fast food server, behind the table wasn't rude, there was nothing wrong with him. It had the typical fountain drink type fountain. It was definitely A-Ok, I wouldn't say don't go there. For the Vegas strip it was very decent, it just didn't have anything that made it standout.
There is so much hype about Burger Bar, I think it caused me to have unrealistic expectations.   Your burgers are good, and cooked to order, but nothing that really wow-ed me. I also didn't love your fries.. They didn't have a ton of flavor. And, I think naming them 'skinny fries' threw me off thinking they'd be baked healthy fries, instead of typical deep fried ones. . . It was good. But not so much so I'm rushing back to Vegas just for a burger.
Solid choice for above average burgers and fries. Variety of dipping sauces for the fries is a bonus. Was a little underwhelmed considering its reputation.
Food just ok but location and service solid for mid day lunch meeting. Easy atmosphere to have conversation.
Better than average but not getting 4 stars.   Do yourself a favor and get a basic burger.    No lobster and you'll be happier.
Great? no. Decent - a surprising yes.. . We needed a place to go with our 3.5 year old; and, well, French Fries are her primary sustenance. The Burger Bar more than adequately met our needs.. . A big plus is the fact that they have gluten free buns, fries and beers (I wish they had the best GF beer in the world - Harvester). I didn't expect such a windfall in a place like Las Vegas (sorry - no offense Vegas). . . The quality of the food stuffs was also remarkably high. From the choice of meats to the "make your own burger" toppings - everything was really well prepared. . . My one fault to the place - it has the feel of a Denny's. The overall ambiance is a bit lacking. This is not outside of general expectation - especially as the restaurant is on the LV Strip; but, it would have been nice if the overall decor and ambiance of the Burger Bar were a bit more "upscale."
Decent burger, decent fries and sides, competent service.. . I've avoided the Burger Bar in San Francisco because of previous disappointment with Hubert Keller's Fleur de Lys in SF (one of The City's most over-rated eateries), but this establishment is both tasty and semi-reasonable (for Vegas).. . If the noise level had been lower they might have gotten another 1/2 star of so, but the all-hard-surface dining room is very noisy when full.
I like their burgers but I wasn't overwhelmed by their deliciousness. Next time I think I'm gonna start with a milkshake and move forward from there cause I never get around to it. Not enough room in the tummy ;(. My husband had a buffalo burger and he loved it. I split a burger with a friend. I'm always annoyed when they charge you a split fee. Next time I just won't tell them I'm splitting my burger. . Overall I'd say they are good but not great.
I had their bean burger which was ok. Fries were not included, in fact it is straight up burgers that are about $12 or more each. It was super crowded and noisy for a Thursday afternoon, so a little pre planning might be necessary. It is the strip afterall
Was excited to try Keller's Burger Bar.  I expected the location to be a little more upscale...like a fancy burger bar but it's much more casual.  I had the signature burger...it was tasty but not out of this world.  It was just a good burger.  We also tried a strawberry shake and it was just ok too.  Happy I visited this place but won't be back with all of the other options in vegas.
Would have been 4 stars if it wasn't for the long wait...why does it take so g'damn long to get a g'damn burger?!!
Not bad, not great. Hamburgers are good, same level of quality at a lot of bars across America.
Pros: quick, inexpensive, friendly staff, good beer selection. Cons: boring protein selection, plasticized "Ruby Tuesday" menus, plastic catsup bottles, teeny condiment ramekins
