if only this hotel was located closer to the strip, i would rate it higher. so instead, i would rate this 3.5. The standard room was of good size. the bathroom offered great water pressure and a tv to rest while taking a bath. the beds were not comfortable at all but the linen was ok. the resort fee was $28/night which i believe is a joke considering we visited during New years and the pool was not even used. another tip. get a room close to the elevators because it is a lengthy walk if you are at the end of the hallway
If you're looking for the Vegas experience, stay on the strip.  We thought we'd try this place having heard pretty good things about it and were somewhat disappointed.  The check-in staff was not welcoming and was ready to send us on our way because they couldn't find our reservation.  We were told we would have to call Priceline...then they randomly found it.  The biggest let down was the convenience factor overall -- location of the hotel and overall property layout gives much to be desired.  Better hope you're not staying in room 160 because there's only 1 set of elevators that gets you down to the lobby/casino during the winter months and it's at the very end near room 1!  That means you have to walk past 159 rooms to get to yours!  There's a 2nd set half way down the long corridor but don't be fooled...you'll get stuck at the closed pool entrance!  And to get to the strip is about a 30 minute drive...  Housekeeping wasn't great.  I had a bunch of obvious trash in the bathroom because there was no receptacle, and when they cleaned the room, they just left it.  The rooms were nice and the hotel was clean.  Room service was good.
I was more of a fan when it first opened. It was all new and out West and whatever. But now that time has settled in, it is just ok. There's some good restaurants (and some less good). There's some ok bars. There's a decent selection of tables and slots. It's basically not that different from any other off-Strip casino. The rooms, though, are very nice (clean, modern, and comfy). And the new salon (thanks to the new Brannon Hair) is way better than what it was. To me, though, Green Valley is still better. But I do like the proximity to Red Rock Canyon and the neat outdoors spa offerings.
We live in Vegas but I decided to treat my kids to a night at Red Rock for the 4th of July. Red Rock was nice but I did have a few issues.. . The Good: Valet was super friendly so right away I felt welcome. Check-in was very quick and the woman was very nice. She made sure to explain resort fees. She also explained that the signature suite we were staying in is smokig optional so it might smell smokey. She explained they could bring in a machine to clean the room should we have an issue. I appreciated that she told me this all up front. The room did not smell smokey. However.... . The Bad: It is probably my own mistake but I thought I had booked a Signature Suite with the extra bedroom. There was only one bedroom. Kind of a disappointment right off the bat. But the room was still plenty big, with a huge couch and it was just me and my three boys. So, I called down for extra blankets (which they brough up right away). The bad is that the room did not looked vacuumed. There were crumbs all over the floor of the main room and bedroom. While the room was not smokey, it did kind of stink. But so did the hall. I think it is whatever they use to clean. To me it smelled like wet dog. The tiny fridge was on the coldest setting and still not cold. It is kept under a cabinet and for whatever reason, that cabinet is super hot. You can feel the hot air blowing in there. So, the fridge was useless which sucked for us because we'dbrought a bunch of soda and bottled tea. There were two martini glasses on the bar and one had lipstick on it. Totally grossed me out. So, getting ice to put in glasses was a bust and we hadn't thought to bring our own cups. Also, there were sticky spots on the bathroom floor. And black flecks filled the bath when we tried to use the jetted tub. My youngest wanted to play in the tub so I got it all set up and was disgusted to find that black chunks of stuff filled the tub when I turned on the jets. Um...yuck.  I don't know...when you pay $200+ for a room you kind of expect a clean floor and clean glasses. You expect to feel comfortable during your time there. It took us awhile to get past the bad and to feel comfortable. But we were determined to make the most of it.. . Room service was excellent. The food was awesome. It is pricey but that is to be expected. The service was outstanding. . . Another issue I had was that I booked the room three weeks in advance and explained I wanted a strip facing room or something with a great view of fireworks. I asked that somone please email me to let me know if this was possible. I heard nothing until a week later when I got a courtesy email that confirmed my reservation and said to let them know if I had a special request. So, I again sent in my request about the room. The email stated that if I made a request someone would get in touch with me. Nothing. I waited another week then I called the reservation desk to make my request. I was disappointed that it took three tries on my part to get my request in. . . Overall it was a great night. My boys had a blast. We saw a great fireworks show and got to watch fireworks all over the city from our room. We made it fun. The bed was comfortable and appeared clean. However, when you spend that kind of money, you expect certain things....like a clean room and to be able to drink from the glasses and use the tub. . . I'm not sure I'd stay there again. Maybe. But we've stayed in nicer for less. The fact that the staff was so friendly goes a long way for me. So, we'd probably give it another shot.
Not any better prices than the strip- but clean, a bit far out than I like.
i havent stayed AT the hotel... yet. but, mama and i were very pleased with what he had seen so far. we visited one of the casino bars and the pool bar. we likey very mucho.. . the hotel is very modern. i liked the layout of the place. lucky bar inside the casino proved to be true to its namesake. wone $50 on the quarter video poker machine. the pool is quite impressive. cushioned seats make it very inviting. the pool bar/lounge was lively and active. . . we liked what we saw so far. we'll definitely makes plans for this place to be our next stop in Vegas.
This place is very nice, my wife and I spent 3 days. The rooms are large and super clean with amazing views. The beds are soft/very comfortable and the staff on property is very friendly. The only complaint I have (and it's a pretty big design flaw on the property) is the doors to the rooms don't have the right hydraulics, so they slam SOOOO load. The slam is so load it literally makes you jump (not so good if you have someone next door that goes in and out allot), I would suggest they fix this or put a sign in every room asking people to close the door quietly. It will certainly be a consideration in my choice of hotels next time we go as it was a little maddening. . . Other than that it was really nice..and  the SPA is super nice
I used a gift certificate for a massage and facial today atThe Spa at Red Rock Casino Resort & Spa.  I have a massage once a month at another facility and this massage was fine.  Nothing was wrong but nothing to write home about either.  The facial was very good and relaxing.  . They had a lap pool that I worked out in before the appointments but it was too warm.  Lap pools should be cooler than recreational pools.. The staff was a-ok.  Not first class service as a resort should be.. If I didn't have the gift certificates, I don't know if I would have paid twice what I usually pay for a massage. I guess what you pay for are the facilities.. I read my book and ate my delicious  lobster/avocado salad  lunch from the Sandbar restaurant at the cabanas by the pool.. Oh the valet were very customer service oriented!
I was at the Red Rock recently for a work event, and it was okay.  The place itself looked nice, and it was clear they had put a LOT of effort into making it fit that sort of over-the-top style you would normally find on the strip.  However, the crowd here felt a little less "upscale", and the fact that you couldn't get to food without braving the smoky casino area was very unpleasant.  If you're at all sensitive to large amounts of cigarette smoke, do yourself a huge favor and don't bother with the Red Rock.  . . Something else that might bother a lot of people - the cab ride between the airport and hotel was around $55.  Factor that into your calculations, especially if you're only staying in Vegas for a night or two.  You may find the strip much cheaper.  Then again, the food here is a bit cheaper than at most nicer strip hotels, so there IS that.. . The rooms were pretty nice, but the bench in the shower was kind of gross.  It's a little creepy to shower with a semi-porous chair that's played host to the naked posteriors of so many strangers.  Maybe it's just me, though.
A little out of the way, but has some very good restaurants, a huge movie theater and fantastic rooms.  If you are in vegas, and are looking for a little more quiet stay with all the same amenities as the huge strip casinos, then this is the place.  Some very kool bars and lounges and an awesome sports book.   Overall, this place packs all the same vegas punch as the larger casino, without all the hassle and pushiness of the bigger strip casinos.
Didn't realize how remote this place is with regard to the Strip. The rooms and pool area are fine.  The bowling alley was fun.  Good food court.
Very up-to-date hotel. Pleasant atmosphere. Make sure if you want 3G/4G access in your room that you stay on the west side. Pool has horrible hours IMHO. If you want wifi access, be prepared to spend a fortune.  Drinks at the pool are outrageously priced!  $17 for one drink (includes mandatory tip)
My wife and I travel to Vegas about one time per month for a quick weekend away.. We tend to stay at 4 - 5 star properties.. Red Rock Las Vegas is a very nice property that we have stayed and enjoyed in the past, this trip I was a bit disappointed in some obvious cutbacks.. Good: The staff as always was on the top of their game andgreat as usual (front desk, restaurants, bars), location is great, we love Summerlin.. Bad: The furniture in the room is quite worn out looking, their were holes and mysterious stains that were not cleaned from the chairs, and in the cushions there were a plethora of treasures like old navy tags, new years eve poppers and some food. The in room services menu, and the other advertising material in the room was all filthy with food stains and stuck on grime.. The bathrooms were surface clean but lots of build up in the corners. Not sure if the housekeeping staff gets inspected by management or not but it sure doesn't seem like it.. Their buffet was one of our favs in LV but it seems like they are cutting back on the quality in the last year or so.. I only hope Red Rock can stay on top of these issues and not let it slip.
Okay but certainly not special. We had numerous maintenance issues which really distract from any good experience. The a/c barely worked and the desk phone had no power altho connected. Maintenance came the next day and fixed both and there was follow up by admin. we discovered during the middle of the night that the one descent light had a frayed and badly repaired cord and caused the lite to turn on & off at will. TV in bath was falling off the wall and I didn't dare use the tub as a result. . Lighting is very poor in the entire room and we often had to open the closet doors and use that light. Very dark decor. Beds and bedding are very comfy. No turndown service and beds sheets are not changed daily. We were there 5 days using same sheets. Not good. Note: corridors are excessively long and elevators are on one end only. (except for pool elevators). I counted 250 steps to my room and we weren't at the end!  No coffee makers in room so a trip downstairs to Starbucks is an adventure.
I stayed here several times in 2008 and loved it. It was new and clean and the staff was very attentive and all the little things were taken care of. . . Fast forward to 2012. . . We booked our four night stay on Eversave (two 2-night stays). In the description the room was listed as a "king double room suite." When we checked in we were put in a standard room. I spoke with the hotel manager, Patrick. He was nice, but said they don't have "king double suites" so he couldn't give us something they don't have. I argued to him that they do have two room suites, as I have stayed in one in the past. He told us that they had problems with the third party booking company that provided the description and that they have spoken with them and had the description changed. That's fine and good, but I told him that was a problem between red Rock and them and not us. He told us he was not giving us a suite. Strike one. . . The description also said resort fee included. Not according to Patrick. But he was gracious enough to waive it for us. . . Description said wifi included. Nope. He waived that also. . . So basically we got everything except the suite. But it was like pulling teeth. At checkout, some of the things he told us would be waived, were not and we had to argue (mildly) to get them.. . Onto the hotel. . . Even though the decor itself hasn't changed in 4 years, I still love it.  It's very contemporary and comfortable.  The bedding is very nice as well.. . Here's where the hotel tends to fall apart.  Consistency.  We stayed for two 2-night segments separated by 2 days.  In our first room, the scale did not work and we did not have Q-Tips.  In our second room, we had Q-Tips, but no bath mat, pen or pad, and the scale did not work either.  Those seem like little things, but those are the types of things that, when missing, are very conspicuous.. . The hallway carpeting is showing its age.  There are gum stains in a few spots and there was almost always something on the floor...wrappers, lemon wedges, etc.  By the elevators, they have an ashtray.  Why?  On a non-smoking floor, why would they have an ashtray?. . Onto the pool.  I love lying out at the pool.  You will too...if you don't want to drink or eat.  Here's why I say that.  The pool itself is gorgeous.  I looked down from my room several times in the mornings and saw them spending at least an hour cleaning and getting it ready.  We did have issues with the service, however. . . On our first day there, we ordered quite a bit in terms of drinks and food.  Mixed drinks are EXPENSIVE.  $13 for a rum and coke.  Beer is better...$6 for a pint, which is really on par with Chicago bar prices.  They tack on an 18% or 20% mandatory gratuity.  On our first day, our server did not tell us that, and we tipped her 20% on top of the 20% (and no...geniuses, that is not 40%).  It's our own fault for not looking more closely at the line items on the bill.. . The next time we ordered from a server or at the bar, the servers made a point to mention that the gratuity was already added in.  . . We were lucky to get service on that first day apparently, because subsequently, we either got very slow service or none at all.  We would regularly wait 30-45 minutes between visits from our server.  One day, I sat at the pool for 2 hours...TWO FRIGGIN HOURS...and never was approached by a server once.  . . It's a combination that there just aren't enough of them (they should have one dedicated to each pool) and the ones they have are just not good at checking in.  . . I also noticed a decline in quality of guest at the pool.  There are a TON of kids..most of them are fine and with good parents who supervise them, but a good chunk are unruly.  We sat at the big pool on our first day (something I did regularly in the past) and were shocked at the number and behavior of kids.  We learned our lesson and sat at the smaller pools from then onward.. . Overall, it's a pretty decent place, but not without its drawbacks.
Had the opportunity to spend 3 nights at this hotel.  When we arrived in the evening, the check-in was painfully slow taking 5-10 minutes per guest checking in... thank god it wasn't a long line.  . . The hotel internet didn't work, they were having technical troubles.  Called front desk and was extremely frustrating to talk to a human.... when we did, they played dumb saying it should be up anytime.  2 days later it was still down, and then I found out it had been down all week.  No credits for the inconvenience... nothing.  . . Had dinner at the italian restaurant.... service was terribly slow there.  Food was ok, but expected much more given the price they were charging.  The $15 buffet was a more pleasant experience than their italian restaurant in terms of service and food.    . . Bowling and movie theatre was great... they have an arcade for kids, but it was pretty small.  . . Large pool... that was great.  No complaints there!  . . Hotel room was beautiful, although the tap in the bathtub dripped.  Told the front desk about it while I was trying to get on the internet... nobody  made an effort to fix it, and based on the rust stain on the tub, nobody is in a hurry to fix it.  . . Housekeeping... came in to fix the sheets on the bed, took the glasses and didn't bother emptying the garbage can.  Had to call for new glasses in the evening, that took almost 2 hours before somebody brought new glasses to the room.  . . Slot machines were very tight... didn't see many big winners while we were there.  . . The shuttles were convenient, and prompt... they were on-time everytime we needed them.  The drivers were all pleasant to talk to.  . . I expected much more from this place, it was disappointing.  We actually shortened our stay at this hotel of 5 days down to 3 and moved to a hotel on the strip.  The other hotel was a far better experience in terms of service quality.
Switched a $10 table to a $5 table for us but the Blackjack dealer was rusty and wasn't sure of her pay outs or bonus bets... Disappointing...
The rooms at the Red Rock are nice.  It's a shame that, after the nightclub closed, so did the nightlife, as far as the energy, vibe and clientele.  It used to have the feel of a hip hot spot, and since has become a bit more older and sort of couples oriented, for lack of a better description.  The pool area is great, but being in Summerlin, if you don't have a car, you're pretty much relegated to the complex (which there's shopping across the street with standard retail fare like a Best Buy) which does have a movie theater (but who goes to Vegas to watch a movie?), so I think it's time for another facelift or reinvention to give people a unique reason to go off-strip and party like rock stars at the Red Rock day and night.
This casino is nice, but it's soooo far from the strip unless you plan to stay entirely at this resort it's hardly worth staying.  The amenities are pretty nice though, it's clean and new.  I had a problem with the wireless, the room kept saying I wasn't properly checked in and had to call several technicians who finally said that all the rooms were down and would be fixed in a couple of hours.  The next morning it hadn't been fixed yet and so I asked to move rooms.  Voila!  The other rooms were working.  Otherwise a very nice hotel and resort to stay at, the pool is beautiful and they have some good restaurants.  But if you're planning to go anywhere near the strip, I'd reconsider.
Back in the day, this was the place to go and have a real quality "Vegas style" buffet , great food and low prices. The food is still pretty good, but the  Sunday buffet I used to enjoy while having  maintained the same quality  food, has tripled  the price, even with the locals players card discountThe last few trips have proven to disapoint, as the normally friendly greeters and servers have taken on a serious case of I dont care. Three stars
I have mixed feelings about this place. On the one hand, the interiors of the rooms are gorgeous as is the general property. But there's a lot of little minuses that snip away at the star rating. . . First off, as mentioned in previous reviews, the walls are really thin. You can hear people talking and walking around not only in the hallway outside, but also in neighboring rooms. On my first night here, the folks staying on the floor above me were feeling rather amorous and engaged in a really loud love-fest between 2 and 4 in the morning. The second night was a bit better, though I could still hear people walking around upstairs and folks talking (and kids running/yelling) outside in the hallway.. . Next, the casino. I saw another review here that suggested the Player's Cards are rigged. I'm inclined to second that opinion. The entire time I used the players card, especially at slot machines, I ended up losing. But the second that card was removed, I would start winning.. . Speaking of gambling, this place is a bit of a drive from the Strip. We're talking a good 15 miles on the highway, though they do offer a shuttle that runs every two hours. The shuttle drops you off by the Treasure Island/Trump Tower area. It would be better if the shuttle ran hourly. . . Food. The buffet showcases a variety of food genres, BBQ, Italian, Mexican, Sushi... but it doesn't look very appetizing. The meatballs from the Italian area and the cranberry sauce was pretty good though. I didn't dare try the sushi.. . They also hit you with a $24/day "amenity fee" which they say includes access to the fitness center, WiFi, phone use and a few other things that would be free at most hotels.. . All in all, I wouldn't say I'd stay here for sure, but I'd definitely consider it, especially if the room price is discounted. Just keep in mind that you're a good 20-30 minute drive from the Strip and if you plan to head out that way, you're better off just staying at a hotel in that area.
We recently stayed at the Red Rock and it was alright, the service was good, the hotel itself was attractive, the room price was standard, but the resort fee was a little annoying. I understand that most hotels these days have these ridiculous resort fees, that you HAVE to pay. All for what? I don't need a newspaper delivered to me in the morning, I don't care what's going on in the world, I'm on vacation. I don't need wi-fi, I have a phone w/internet capabilities. I don't care about going to the gym, I'm pigging out at the buffets, DUH!. . Also, the way the hotel is laid out, our room was at the very end, so walking from the elevator took like forever! I've never had to walk this far before at any hotel, usually they put elevators in the middle so it's not so bad, whoever designed this hotel needs to be punched in the face, you sir/madam are a dumbass!. . I think next time I'll pay a little more to stay on the strip, we gave it a try, this place just didn't cut it. Pass.
Baboy bought me a spa package for my birthday. I had casually mentioned the services I wanted to get done but in hindsight had I known what all the different services offered were before he booked the appointment, I would have definitely chosen differently.. Anyway, he booked the Taste of Red Rock Package: Swedish massage (or classic facial) and a mani and pedi.. The massage was fantastic. Suuuper relaxing and nice. Never wanted it to end.. Time for my mani. I changed it to a Gel Manicure instead of the basic. Lots of colors for the gel, just not super bright ones like I personally LOVE! The mani was fine... But later I noticed there is a bump on my nail from the polish! A discrepancy. Ugh. For the price of a gel mani my hands should have been dipped in GOLD parafin wax and my nails should have been completely flawless! I will stick with my regular mani/pedi place - shout out to FLAMINGO NAILS! One thing I did like though is that they dont use the electric nail file so I didnt feel like my nail was getting super thin - I totally hate that feeling.. My pedi was decent too. No bells and whistles but she did a nice job.. This was my first time at this spa. I would definitely go back but I would get different services and take full advantage of all the amenities like the spa pool, steam room and sauna!. Also since I changed from the classic mani included in the package to a gel mani, all of the services ended up being a la carte. The plus side in that is we were able to get the Locals discount!!! VERY NIIIICE!
Two of us went to the Breakfast Buffet this morning. It was advertised as $6.99 but when we got up there they said its is $9.99 unless you have the rewards card.  We didn't have that so the lady asked if we would like to sign up.  We said yes so she pointed to somewhere out in the casino to go sign up.  REALLY?  We just spent 15 minutes inline!!  We paid the full price and went in.  It was only half full but that sat us as far away from everything as possible.. . The food was pretty good.  No complaints there, but it wasn't anything to brag about.  The orange juice and coffee got there after we had already finished our first plate of food.  But the waiter did come around a couple times to check on us so the service did pick up.. . Id go back to the buffet but wouldn't make a big effort to do so.
Good food with an extensive menu and good service. However be prepared to wait even if you have made a reservation as they get very busy! They do not take reservations for parties larger than 10 on the weekend between the hours of 5-9.
Awesome casino to go hang out. Sweet bowling alley, nice theatres, and a pretty awesome food court with great choices. Would give more stars to this place if it actually had a night life scene and didn't cost $170 a night to stay at.....really? Would rather spend $29 more and stay at the Wynn.....on the strip! But if you're looking to go to a great casino this place is great! The pool is also exceptionally nice but I would recommend staying somewhere else on the strip if you're looking to stay the night.
Lets talk about the buffet. It used to be terrific.  The salad bar is ok. I  like their chinese spare ribs but they are gone;e  No decent meat or fish. Chickin was ok. Veggies are Ok. Pasta is OK.. Desserts are ok, except that their ice cream lacks much taste. Getting seated is a very slow process.  So many enpty tables, and you wait such a long time. My memory said that this was once a quality buffet. It is Ok, when you use a two fer..
I am just not a huge fan of this place. I really don't like any of the restaurants except for the Fatburger in the food court. . . The movies are actually decent and close to home. The bowling alley is good but usually packed. They do have great deals on beer pitchers while bowling.. . The big turn off for me is the way they treat the people gambling. They never remember their names and act like they are working at the Wynn. No reason to act like a bunch of stuck ups. When I am playing good money at the tables, I want them to at least remember my name. . . I get treated like a queen at the Rampart. They actually act like they want my business. I will continue to go there versus Red Rock.
Red Rock is one of the nicer local casino's in the valley although I do have a couple of comments to make in regards to customer service. On a busy night it is almost impossible to get a drink in a timely fashion. I waited almost 1 hour last week for a simple vodka/cranberry. The other issue I have is that they do not offer enough low limit tables on the weekends. They only had one $10 blackjack table going a few weeks ago. All of the other tables were $15,20, 25, 50, 100 hand tables.
Close to home, nice drinks, movie theater, bowling alley, decent food choices and a cool setup. My fist choice casino for movies, bowling and hanging out. I do miss the restaurant Cabo though; that place was the bomb. It's because of there being no more Cabo that I give Red Rock 3 stars instead of 4.
The rooms are great. The pool area is nice. My only complaint is a very high resort fee. Almost $28. I wanted to splurge a little and stay at a nice place but the fee made it not worth it.
Beautiful resort for families but they need to expand their arcade gaming area. It would make it more enjoyable for my teenagers. I've had couple of experiences with my family, along with other family friends at this resort and at both times, our group of teens would get bored so fast at Red Rocks tiny arcade area that we had to drive our kids/teens all the way to the strip so they can hangout at New York casino and Excalibur casino. . Now our group of children have requested to stay at the strip instead of Red Rock  :(
This resort is simply amazing to look at, but it isn't the best when it comes to service.... I liked the pool and the bowling alley is amazing as well. I would recommend it for families with children. Unless you plan to spend a lot of time at the casino.
Food was great! I have eaten here many times and always enjoy what I've ordered but like other reviews I've written it is the staff that knocks the stars down to keep the establishment from getting all five stars. Our waiter took 20 minutes to come get our drink order after we were seated and it wasn't busy at all. Once we received our drinks he took another 10 minutes to get our order. Finally afterplacing our order we noticed that we didn't get our complimentary bread basket and had to ask for it. We didn't get that over the top, knocked out of the park, spectacular service here so if you're okay with mediocre service with great food then this place is for you!
Hmmm.  Not so sure yet. i have a group of twenty people coming in and staying at RRC at a discounted rate, which is very competitive. Sometimes RRC rolls out the red carpet and sometimes they don't give a S*it.  I have a feeling this has to do with the disjointed affliation. . I've had some very good service and experiences and some not so much.  Specifically, while not directly affiliated, THE SPA put a sour note on our weekend plans.  i decide to use JW Marriott's Spa.  JW was helpful, and actually.I know from experiencing both they ARE better.  The Spa is on its snooty high horse, assuming we cannot "afford" their service.  Shame on you; you have no idea about us... oh right that is why you are a receptionist,right? Too bad.  You really have NO idea!  You should not judge or you will be judged.. . I am sure to update after the group weekend...
The perfect hotel to stay in shape.  . . Not sure why but they only have one elevator bank instead of one on each end of the hallway.  This means that if your room is on the other end of the hallway you'll have to walk 10 minutes to and from your room.  This wasn't a problem for us but I can imagine this would be for older people with less strong set of legs.. . Room - good. We stayed at their standard king bed room.  It was spacious, well appointed, well maintained and everything looks new.  The bathroom is large with separate tub and shower.  Bed was comfortable if a little soft for our liking.  Minor gripe: no outlet right next to the bed for us to plug and use our phones. . Casino/restaurants/entertainment - good. The casino is very nice and not too crowded.  They have good selection of restaurants and a food court.  There's also a bowling alley and a cinema.. . Price - good. Paid a block rate as part of a convention of $160/night including all taxes for Friday and Saturday night.  I believe this is a good rate.. . Location - poor. Ok, i'm not being fair here.  I know prior to coming here that the resort is 15 miles away from the strip.  The reason why I am rating this as poor is for people who have never been to Vegas and are considering coming here.  I want them to know exactly what they are getting.. While the casino/restaurant is nice ultimately it doesn't compare to the selection that you get on the strip.  This becomes even more important if you are planning to go to see one of the shows there.  Driving isn't bad, it's about 20 minutes give or take, but then that limits your ability to drink while you are on the strip.. Unless you are attendinga convention or have friends who live nearby in Summerlin I recommend you stay on the strip.. . Overall, this is a good hotel.  I am just not sure I want to stay this far off the strip on future visits to Vegas
Was here on a business retreat and conference for 3 nights. Let me first say that the place is beautiful and the pool area is stunning.. . The rooms:  The room i had was fantastic though a little pricey. got a discounted rate due to the conference and it was still over $500.00 for 3 nights. The hallways are about a mile long and there is only an elevator at one end. Unfortunately i was at the other end. The walk is too long .. . The food:  The buffets they put out for breakfast and dinner are really nice and light fare. Plenty of it and the staff was really nice.. . Grand Cafe was awesome and the portions huge. Price was very reasonable. I highly recommend.. . Lbs Burger Joint: The food was very good and price was reasonable. The decor is a little strange and the booths are uncomfortable. Really hard to get out of.. . The casino: VERY loose slots... a big plus as i actually made some money. Great selection of games and lots of people. TIP... get the rewards card before you play as it will give you up to $500.00 in free play.. . The bars: Drinks are small and pricey. The wait can also be long as there is usually oinly 2 people working. Cherry Night Club was awesome and has a fantastic DJ. They also had a Cher impersonator as the entertainer. She was awesome and did her own singing. She does Cher proud.. . Biggest Negative: The line at the front desk is ridiculous and they need more people on shift. It seems to take forever to get checked in. . . All in all I would go for the food and gambling but not stay due to the prices.
We visited the hotel on October 18-20, 2013 and found it loaded with amenities. Beautiful view from the windows, a marble bathroom area that is larger than some hotel rooms, and great service all the way from the valet parking, bellmen, front desk and concierge staff. . . The rooms have instant hot water at the faucets, which is nice, but I suspect that plumbing arrangement may be responsible for the incredibly difficult-to-regulate water temperature in the shower. . . The best food we had was breakfast in the Grand Cafe, where the service was excellent too. Catered food at the conference center was just OK, though. . . Smoke was the biggestissue for us. It seems necessary to go through the casino to reach the bowling alley, movie theater or the many restaurants, and the smell of smoke there is quite dense. We didn't go there for the casino but with it being the first item on the list of ingredients it's the central attraction. . . The pluses certainly outweighed the minuses, and it's a beautiful venue. It doesn't have the noise and excitement of The Strip and that's fine for us.
Mostly good, but the pool experience was a return visit breaker.  My wife and I spent two nights there in late October - the weather was just about perfect, low 80's and dry, almost windless.  We like to play at the casino, but we also like to lounge by the pool.  The pool, honestly, doesn't suck, but there's a lot wrong with it. . . THE MAIN COMPLAINT:  They put all the adjustable lounge chairs in storage because it's almost time for the pool to close for the winter.  That left the guests with a limited supply of fixed lounges with an S-shape that made it nice to lie on your back, but difficult to read, eat, or lie on your stomach.  Half of them are actually in the pool, which is nice when it's 110 degrees, not so useful when it's 80.  Oh, wait, there were a lot of really nice adjustable lounges behind the velvet rope in the cabana area, which were 100% unused!  Nobody rented a cabana either day because at this time of the year, due to the proximity of the cabanas to the hotel tower, the sun didn't reach them until 3:00 PM!  Nice.  . . THE SECONDARY COMPLAINT:  not a huge problem, but there was a functional bar and grill at the pool but no poolside service.  The pool was actually pretty packed with guests, but you had to go to the bar, order, and wait if you wanted a drink or presumably something to eat.  I didn't see anybody ordering food there, Ididn't see a menu.  They could have moved a lot of product if they just had a waitperson or two.  Bartender seemed to have kind of an attitude, just not bartender-friendly.  I ordered a margarita for my wife, and he tacked on an 18% gratuity so I didn't have to figure out how much to tip him.  I don't mind that practice so much if it's a hot day and they're bringing drinks to me in my adjustable lounge chair, and if the crowd looks like they're cheap, but none of those conditions was present.  . . One of the two jacuzzis was kind of broken in that the jets only created bubbles, giving the illusion of hydrotherapy, the other was working fine.  . . The towels were nice, and there was no rigid dispense and return policy.  There were really no rules at all.  There were a couple of lifeguards who were generally not in their assigned chairs, even though there were a lot of small children in the water.  This bothered me a little. . . All the other positive reviews saying how great the rooms were, the view, the fitness center, and the restaurants, were right on.
5 dollar tables! Not a bad place to gamble if your not looking for strip craziness.
I went to the Feast Buffet for lunch at the Red Rock Casino with a friend while visiting Vegas for the day. The overall look of the casino was nice. It wasn't too smokey or noisy and it was fairly easy to get in and out of the place. The buffet itself looks pretty and is a quiet enough place to have good conversation. I had two complaints about the meal: the variety of food and the taste of some dishes. The buffet had many different styles of food represented but each style only had a few dishes to choose from. The Asian section only had one or two different dishes with meat in them. No orange chicken, no kung pow chicken, hardly anything at all. Once you found the one dish you wanted to eat, it really didn't taste that good. Of particular note was the spumoni which was so overpoweringly cherry flavored that it could have qualified as a weapon of mass flavor destruction. . . It had a nice atmosphere and some of the food was good but it could have been so much better.
I love the movie theater but the smoke is terrible. Then again every casino has the same issue.
