Delmonico Steakhouse was pretty good, but definitely not the best I've had nor without flaws.. . The food and drink choices seem to be where they really excel, as there were a number of options that my girlfriend and I found to be mouth-watering, from the bone-in ribeye, the fillet, the chicken, salmon, etc.  They had my favorite beer (Chimay Blue) and she enjoyed her wine (she had the Chardonnay and Riesling).  What we wanted when going here was a nice, fancy dinner as a tribute to our vacation together.  It wasn't a special occasion or anything but we like to have a quality dinner from time to time.  I'd say the food part of Emeril's more or less did the trick with regards to that.. . The service was OK.  While they were relatively prompt the matre'd was the person who seemed to be serving us and he was just a little too over-the-top for me, not to mention he seemed a little condescending and careless.  Perhaps I just read into it wrong, but I didn't feel as comfortable as I have at other restaurants.  Our waiters made sure the waters and bread kept coming, which I appreciated.  The matre'd didn't really do anything rude per-say, but I did notice that at one point when he came by to check on everything he spoke with the tables on our left and right but not with us.  . . The smaller tables are a little too big IMO, my girlfriend and I felt a mile away from each other and eventually I just moved my place settings next to her and sat with her so we could talk easier.  This is probably not an issue if you have a big group, but for a romantic evening it wasn't fantastic.  Speaking of romance, there were no candles, the lightning was bright, and the restaurant was devoid of decor. . . I don't mean to rip Delmonico's so much but I just want to stress that this restaurant really doesn't deserve 5 stars despite the food being pretty tasty.  Our stakes came out medium rare as requested, they were juicy and delicious, and the side "double-baked potato" + "Asparagus" was fantastic.. . I realized going here and glancing at the menu online that the prices were going to be steep but I guess my wallet received a shock even so.  I had initially been hoping that our bill would come to about $115-130, but in the end it was $200 because you have to buy sides for your meal separately and the wine / beer was very expensive.  The problem with this is that in Vegas there is a lot of competition and I've had food that was on par with this for under half the price of what I paid.  For instance Mon Ami Gabi (outside of Paris, Paris) and Trevi (Ceasar's Palace Forum Shops) both run in the $60-100 range (for two) and are just as tasty IMO.. . Lastly, there were a nat or two flying around toward the end of our meal, something which is unacceptable in a restaurant of this caliber.  . . I enjoyed the overall experience but I would not dine here again.
Just okay.  . . I liked my meal.  I had the gumbo soup, a great baked potato with lots of fixings, a sort of chocolate cheesecake dessert that was great.  My husband didn't like his meal.  My husband ordered a $50 steak that was fatty and gristley.  I could tell he was bummed when he poked around at his steak with furrowed eyebrows, cutting off piece after piece of inedible meat.. .   I was really hoping to please him since it was his birthday.  I let them know when I made the reservations well in advance that it was his birthday and we didn't get a birthday dessert or anything free like you do at most other restaurants.  They remembered it was his birthday, the hostess (who was pleasant and very friendly) gave him a cheery happy birthday as we were going to be seated.  I really expect a little something special if we are spending our special day at their establishment.. .   The waitstaff was prompt and friendly.  They seemed to linger around and dive right in when you need a refill on your drink, or in my case another great martini.  I almost forgot to mention that I loved their martinis.  . . Will we return?  Definitely no.  There are way more better restaurants in Vegas.  The atmosphere is a big blah (with the exception of the impressive suits that the friendly waitors wear), the food was just okay/slightly better than average, and the prices higher than they should be for the quality.
I've been to Delmonico a couple times, and it has been good both times. . Everything was pretty tasty, but I can't say there was anything in particular that wowed me. Actually, I take that back... there is a banana dessert that is absolutely spectacular. But that's not really enough to make me excited about returning here.. The service is consistently very good. I think I'm just not a fan of the decor and ambiance here. It's great for a business lunch, but I would never choose Delmonico for a romantic dinner or night out with friends. The interior is just really boring.
Was excited to go here since it was Emerille's Steakhouse.  We had reservations for 8PM and waited at the bar while they got our table ready. The waiter was really nice and friendly.  They brought us bread which they placed individually on our plates. I started with the spinach and arugula salad, which was super good. I was glad to have had that in my stomach, since it took a while to get our steaks.. . I ordered the filet, medium and a side of asparagus.  The steak was seared a little too much and tasted a little burnt.  They also topped it off with a pad of butter.  By no means was it a bad steak, but for the price, I guess I expected more.  The asparagus was good but also very buttery.  Good food, but I have definitely had better.
Great ambiance. Great Service. things we ordered 3.5. . -Emeril's New Orleans Barbecue Shrimp: This was not good. I would have rather had just shrimp and salt.. -Ahi Tuna & Salmon Tartare: This was average. It was tasty, I enjoyed it but nothing stood out from it. . -Truffle and Parmesan Potato Chips: Guys at our table couldn't get enough of it. It was really good. The truffle oil was amazing!. -Caesar Salad Prepared Tableside for Two: This was okay. It was kinda cool they made it for you on the side fresh. Small portion for the cost.. . -Bone-in Ribeye: This was very juicy, had tons of flavor. There were some spots where it was very chewy but still very good.  The portion size was very big. Some of the guys could not finish it.. -New Orleans Creamed Spinach- I didnt like it at first but I acquired the taste and thought it was tasty by the last bite I had.. -Creamed Corn Gratinee - VERY GOOD. first item to go at our table. Sauteed Garlic Wild Mushrooms- great mushrooms, hard to mess it up. but a good compliment to the steak. . -Pecan Pie - First off I like pecna. -Emeril's Banana Cream Pie - This was good one of the better banana cream pie I had, but the pecan pie was just too good that this just tasted alright.
Hmm, I thought this place was A-OK. I was surprise to learn its Emeril's restaurant. I mean, I have to say I have tasted better steaks. I got the rib-eye not knowing that it was huge and was really surprise when I saw it. I should have shared and thought the portion was great for 50 bucks. I ordered medium well, but it was redder than normal. I thought it was over seasoned. The potatoes were really good though. The service was okay--we had a big party and they accommodated us, but I felt that since we were a younger crowd than normal, they didn't give the best service they could. The server didn't really smile and forgot one of our checks and so we had to wait for a while to get it backs. . The people in my party that didn't get steak enjoyed their dishes. If I go next time, I wouldn't order steak but yet this is a steakhouse..
Almost done catching up with my reviews. Here is my last one for tonight. After going to Carnevino the night before, Delmonicos kind of took the back seat for me. However, we were with a big group and everyone else loved the food. Bone in rib eye, tenderloin medalions, sirloin, to lamb we had everything on the table. Absolutely no complaints about the food. . . However, we were seated kind of in the corner round table which was fine but some of us were facing a glass enclosed small room that had stacks of chairs. What is that room? Was it seriously storage space we were starring at? I didn't expect to see a stack of black chairs in a glass case room throughout my whole dinner from a high end restaurant. . . Coming from a delicous dessert finish with Afrogato the night before, I asked the waitress if it could be made. She said sure it could. I was very excited only to realize when the bill came that she charged $8 for a shot of Espresso and $10 for scoop of ice cream. WOW.
Of the half dozen or so high-end steakhouses I've been to, this one would rank in the bottom half.  But among all the steakhouses I've been to, I've enjoyed them all, including this one.  The bone-in ribeye steak I had was good, but not great (i.e. blow my mind).  The tomato salad was good, well-balanced, not too heavy.  Garlic mashed potatoes were ok, nothing special. The sauteed mushrooms were good, but I've had better.. . Ambiance and service were good, I must say.  The waiters were attentive and came by when needed.  The lighting is dark, but not too dark.. . Overall,  a solid and relatively good eating and dining experience.
Came back here with in a month just to show my wife the deliciousniss of the lobster bisque...it was just as good the 2nd time...too bad during lunch..they don't give the lobster as  a garnish as they do during dinner.  . . Lunch service was ok...you can tell the difference from the dinner service.  But the food was good still.  I did want to try the lobster sliders....some one else go that and it looked pretty good...you get 2 sliders.  I had the pasta dish during lunch but the flavors was a bit bland and the dish was forgetable.
3.5. . I had high hopes for Delmonico, as many had said some great things.  Being an Emeril restaurant I figured it was just another celebrity chef restaurant, so I had my reservations.  The place was well decorated and had a great vibe.  The food was up to par and certain items had great taste, such as the lobster bisque.  I was hoping for more with the wilted spinach salad, but it was still OK.  The complimentary amuse bouche was a nice touch, tasted like a truffle cream of mushroom.  Now the steak, everyone says to go with the bone-in ribeye, so that's what I got.  Tasty, but needed a bit more flavor.  Not as buttery and smooth as other high end steakhouses.  Service could use some attention for a restaurant of this caliber.  Forgot our truffle potato chips and service went downhill with the way they took our plates and such.. . Not sure I'd go back with all the other many celebrity chef restaurants to try, but it's definitely one of the better ones.
Beyond food coma...it's food paralysis!  The itis ain't got nothin' on this.. . I had my preconceptions of the food here but I put them away for a short time and figured I'll try anything once.  Dinner started with some bread with butter and munched on the truffle and parmesan potato chips.  They were very oily, warm, crunchy, savory, and tangy in flavor.  We did not make a dent in them.  The appetizer was soon followed by the lobster bisque and traditional New Orleans gumbo with chicken and andouille sausage.  The lobster bisque was really intense in flavor.  It had an almost bitter flavor but so rich like condensed sweet buttery lobster in sea water.. . The protein that night was the bone-in ribeye which we split.  Perfectly cooked to medium, it had a nice crust on the outside and had a big glob of butter on top.  I immediately scraped the butter off and put it on the side but a lot of it had already melted onto the plate or penetrated the meat.  The meat was thick, tender, juicy, had perfect grill marks on the outside, and smelled floral due to the either rosemary or thyme sprigs.  Accompanying the main dish was the seared foie gras.  Yes, I had to try the duck (or goose) liver.  It was indeed buttery, silky, melt in your mouth tender and a good sized piece at that.  Like everything else here, it was seared in butter and had a salty, buttery crust to it.. . As for the sides, we had sauteed garlic wild mushrooms and the creamed corn gratinee.  The mushrooms were delightful.  I loved forking up different varieties that I had no idea what they were.  They just tasted great.  The garlicky, buttery flavor and tender yet almost slippery texture makes this dish my favorite of the night.  The creamed corn also exhibited buttery flavor so much I think it was in a bath of butter and heavy cream.. . You couldn't have all this great food without wine and they have an impressive wine menu indeed.  I went with that I know and got the syrah.  Toward the end of the meal it hit me.  The wall...of carbs, butter, salt, cholesterol, all in a sluggish soup coursing though my veins like molasses.  I feel my heart straining to pump the blood with heavy thumps and I feel the arteries of my wrist bumping against the table.  My body starts to get lethargic - I don't wanna move, no I can't move - as I gaze blankly over the huge leftovers of corn and butter.  This is beyond food coma, I need a blood transfusion I thought.  Need I be more dramatic?  My preconceptions were right.. . On the bright side, the service is impeccable here and everyone seems to to take their job seriously and sincerely.  It is a bit of a formal atmosphere but you don't feel like you're in Las Vegas for the short time you're there.
Potato Chips with truffles, excellent. . Lobster Bisque , flavorful and filled with lobster chunks.. scallop, bacon, and shrimp appetizer special was phenomenal . 5 stars for the appetizers.. . . Ribeye.... tha'ts another story. too much fat, and too rich for my taste. Was not impressed. Emerils name on the steak knives could not convince me that this was an awesome meal.. 1 star for the steak. . My suggestion. BAMM. Order appetizers and skip the main course.
Atmosphere is very conservative.  Service was great, however steaks are okay not OUTSTANDING like at Prime at Bellagio.  The sides were excellent.  The wine menu is over 100 pages.  But really not work the $52 for a bone in ribeye
The steak here was just ok. Granted I was h h h h hammered.  But I have a distinct fuzzy memory of it being unmemorable.  Really wish I had gone to Carne Vino or Cut instead.  But this place is easier at accommodating a massively sized group without a fixed menu.
Food was amazing. Best lobster bisque I ever had, perfectly cooked lobster. My husband had the Ribeye, he's a true meat eater and is still raving about it. I had the filet mignon, incredible seasoning and cooked to perfection. Ordered the creamed corn, delicious. . Didn't give 5 stars....ambiance not in line with the high-priced menu. I've heard of minimalism, but it's bizarre to see art niches with nothing in them. Noise level moderate. Dress code needs to be enforced. Arrived for a birthday dinner dressed to the 9's, watched a guy get seated @ a table near-by wearing camoflauge shorts and a polo shirt.. Free sorbet for the b-day girl (seemed cheap)
When I think Delmonico, I think banana cream pie rather than steak. I don't really understand applying cajun rub to a perfectly decent, medium rare porterhouse cut. But I do understand a buttery crust filled with sweet, vanilla-banana pudding and stuffed full of ripe pieces of banana. The pie isn't as creamy as the yummy banana cream pie from Jongewaard's, but I think that may be because the banana to pudding ratio favors the bananas. Delmonico has one of my favorite banana cream pies and, now, is a regular stop during my visits to Vegas. Only 3 stars though because it's a self-proclaimed "steakhouse" and I didn't care for the steak.
Under delivered on the steak.  Had the bone in New York charred medium rare and it was over - cooked, a bit dry and chewy on the edges.  The other 3 patrons at my table enjoyed their steaks.  The creamed corn was very good.  Service was top notch.
Had a steak and mushrooms, both were very good. Escargot was OK, but I have had much better. I would go here again.
Love their cream corn & BBQ shrimp! Service was top-notch, friendly and attentive. You can split the bone-in rib eye if you plan on ordering appetizers, sides & dessert, plenty of food for two! The only thing was, it was a little hard to locate inside The Venetian.
Service - Exceptional 5 stars  Classic high end steak house service, Head waiter assisted by 2 servers for your table.  Fast drinks, table clean-up, staff comes back often to make sure you are OK.. . Soups and Apps  5 stars - Our party enjoyed the steak tar-tare and our lobster bisques.  Very good Quality.. . Steaks - OK 3 Stars.  The only reason I rated three starts for the review.  If you are a patron of New York steakhouses such as Peter Lugers or S and W,  or excellent national steakhouses such as Shula's, like myself, you may not enjoy the steak cuts.  My New York Strip was fairly tough, and required some heavy cutting considering the $50 price.  If you can't cut a $50med. rare steak with a serrated butter knife, I don't want to eat it.  It probably has some good marblingas it was juicy and moist, but it had some tough fibers that were definitely not meat or bands of marbling.  This may be expected in a ribeye where tendonous material often lines the outer rim of the steak.. . Overall, a great dining experience with great service, but 3 stars because of meat cuts.
We tried their French escargot w/ garlic herb butter on toasted baguette. This was our first time trying french-style escargot and we didn't like it. It's not as if it was badly prepared. It's an acquired taste and we were just not big fans of it. Our waiter did notice we didn't finish the dish so he asked if everything was ok. We politely nodded. Surprisingly, they took this item off our bill which was really nice. Service was awesome throughout. My fiance had the bone-in-rib eye. I had their special - lobster pasta. Both were very good. Overall, I thought the food was decent. The experience was excellent.
Went a few years back and being a huge fan of Emeril's and loving all his other restaurants I've visited I must say I was quite disappointed w/ the experience. The food was good but it was not fantastic and neither was the ambiance like at his other spots. I went with a large group and some were very pissed while I and the others just enjoyed it. I love the Fish House at MGM and will continue to visit that one but I don't think I'll come back here.
Came here twice in a single week so I had to augment and order different items.. . I started the week off with the bone in new york, it was a tad bit too salty for my taste.  Nothing to really say about it.. . Midweek I had to go for some seafood, sure it's a steakhouse, but the bbq salmon it was.  Nothing too special, overall I'm not too fond of Delmonico.
We came here on a mission called "20-ounce Bone-In Ribeye". That is all we wanted.. . So, we ordered the ribeye with mashed potatoes. We shared both over a few glasses of red wine. The steak is served with a glaze of butter worcestershire, bearnaise and chimichutri sauces. It was huge, beautifully cooked, and tasted good. It was missing one thing for me: SALT! My impression was that it had none. My BF said he liked it as it was. Don't get me wrong, it was a really good steak but it left me wanting more from the flavor spectrum. The potatoes were okay.. . Service is always impeccable at Emeril's restaurants.
I've eaten here twice, it was better a few years back. The steak wasn't that great quality in general for the steak. The sides and salads were excellent. I'm kind of upset that they share the name with the fantastic steakhouse Emeril owns in New Orleans.
A bit torn about this place.... . I heard through the grape vine that Delmonico Steakhouse was the best steakhouse in Las Vegas. Having heard that, I made reservations for Delmonico 2 whopping months prior to my boyfriend's birthday.. . The evening finally arrived when we were going to dine at this fabulous establishment. Upon entering the host was a bit busy fiddling with something to greet me immediately. When he did, he told us to have a seat in the lounge and that our table would be ready shortly. After 2 minutes, our hostess showed us to our table and even laid the napkin in our laps. It didn't take long for us to order so I got the filet mignon and a side of potatoes gratin, while my boyfriend had the ribeye and the jumbo crab.. . Initially the filet mignon was quite delicious, very juicy and delicious. Getting near the end of my filet, however, it started getting dry, and I tasted the herbs and spices grinding against my tongue. The potatoes gratin were good but a little dry, I would have liked it to be a little more moist. I tried a piece of my boyfriend's ribeye and it was nice and tender, and the jumbo crab did not disappoint.. . Our server(s) were nice, however I felt a bit rushed during the meal. He did one hell of a job taking our pictures tho! Overall, Delmonico's would be a 3.5
We came here for our one year anniversary dinner.   I was a little intimidated to eat at a place like this in Vegas but once we were seated everyone was super nice and didn't make us feel like we shouldn't be there.   . . The menu has a bunch of different things on it but the star of the show (as told by my waitress) is the beef.   Husband and I knew we were both going to order steak before we even looked at the menu.   . . I ordered the ribeye with country smashed potatoes and husband got the filet mignon with creamed corn.   The side were served family style and were more than enough for two people.   The creamed corn was fantastic.  It had little bits of jalapeno in it for the extra BAM!  . . We both ordered the lobster bisque to start.   Bisque was very delicious especially the lumps of lobster meat.   Did you know during the summer the bisque is dairy free?  . . The steaks were just okay.  Asked for mine medium but it came out well done so I didn't find it that good.  Husband also asked for medium but basically got a rare steak.   . . Overall though the atmosphere was definitely upscale yet comfortable.  I want to compliment our waitress ...she was very friendly and fun.   Check was $164 dollars for two people.
It has been a few years since my 1 and only visit. I recall it being highly overrated. I am from Texas and have been to many steakhouses. First of all, the high-end white tablecloth fancy decor with everyone in suits and ties is not fitting for a steakhouse.. . The steaks were not memorable and I have had much better for less money.  I do not recall if the steaks are grilled or broiled but I do recall mine was overcooked and for such a high-end fancy place, I would expect better.. . If you are looking for quality steak in Vegas and willing to spend some cash, I would try many others before this place.
Good steak in general. Not worth the price your paying.
Came here for a quick dinner before the rest of our girlfriends arrived for our Vegas weekend. . . Me and my friend at the at the bar and ordered the bone in ribeye to share. It came out juicy and perfectly cooked. My complaint would be it lacked seasoning, I had to add salt and pepper, without it, it tasted like it was lacking a little in flavor. I had a glass of wine, and tried a couple of their signature cocktails, a mint juliep drink and a lychee flavored one, both were very good. . . Overall a decent meal but did feel a little out of place as we were leaving because me and my friend were both dressed super casual, shorts and a tee, while the rest of the people that had started to show up while we were eating were much more formal.
I never try to get my expectations up too high when it comes to high end steak houses, since i have been let down so many times before.  The ONLY thing that was really excellent here was the service by far!  The entire wait staff (which is only men) was wonderful!  The food was good... nothing to rant and rave about!  I had the. Chateaubriand, and yes, it was good...but the table side presentation was the only GREAT thing about it, the steak itself was nothing i would go back for.  I strongly feel that the streak was just as good as the steak at Carve in the Cannery, and for half the price!  Overall, it was a nice experience, another thing to cross off my list, but honestly, no need for me to ever go back!
The food here is pretty good but the reason I'm giving 3 stars is because I personally don't think it's any better than a Ruth's Chris, which is half the cost.. . What stood out the most was the lobster bisque. It was really good! But everything else wasn't better what I could have gotten at Ruth's Chris, especially not the banana cream pie which was worse.. . My advice, save your money and go to Ruth's Chris or another restaurant.
Family and I went last night.  Everything was mediocre except my wife's filet.  Prices are crazy
I had dinner here on 2/7.  The last time I was here was over 10 years ago.  The last Vegas steakhouse that I had eaten at was CUT, so that is what I will be comparing my experience to.. Service:  Very Good.  We had at least 3-4 servers taking care of us (party of 5) throughout the night.  Initially dinner was for a party of 4.  However, once we were seated, our buddy landed at the airport and decided to join us.  I informed the head server (thinking that they may not be able to accommodate) and he immediately converted the table to seat 5 (pulled out stuff from the bottom to make it a round table).  Water was constantly filled and table cleared off in appropriate fashion.. Food:  We started off with the Caesar Salad and Ahi Tuna/Salmon tartare.  I thought the salad was just ok.  A tad too much dressing.  Same with the tartare.  Nothing special and pretty bland.  Most of the group got the bone in rib eye (medium rare to medium well).  All were cooked well.  I thought the medium rare tasty pretty good.  Nothing spectacular about it, just good steak.  I had the rack of lamb (medium rare) and it had decent flavors.  I would take Carvino's lamb chops over it any day.  The sides we had were decent (Potato gratin, mushrooms, and corn).  We had a nice bottle of wine that the Sommelier recommended with a price point of $85.  That was probably the best tasting thing of the night.. The verdict on Delmonico's is that it is a decent steakhouse that it's reputation is based on its name more than its food.  I would choose CUT over it any day.  They have more selection of meat (cuts and quality).
I'd probably give Delmonico four stars, except that my expectations were set higher than they probably should have been. In all honesty, The Delmonico did not deliver anything notably better, more worthy of celebrity, than the average high end steak house in Nashville - including Stoney River, Ruth's, or local favorites like Sperry's. I guess I thought that for all the critique Emeril gives Top Chef stars, his restaurant would blow me away.. . The homemade truffle chips were good, and somewhat unique, but perhaps a little over cooked, leaving a numb of chips hard.. . Oursteaks were indeed prepared excellently, and a quality cut of meat. I had the filet, which was an ample serving and cooked to a perfect medium rare.. . But the twice baked potatoes were a big disappointment. The shells seems to be way overcooked, to the point or requiring a steak knife to cut through them. The flavor was bland, even with cheddar and bacon. A little salt and pepper certainly helped.. . We did enjoy the creamed spinach, even including my colleague who usually doesn't like green things.. . The bread pudding was definitely the way to go on dessert. We also had a slice of banana cream pie, but the star was the bread pudding, which was not ruined with raisins. It was rich, smooth, creamy and delicious.
I think I may have set my expectations too high. I went for lunch, which was pretty nice since there were only about 4 of us total in the restaurant. The service was good, and the staff is extremely attentive (again, only 4 people in the restaurant). My caesar salad was a bit bland. I wasn't in love with the long leaf of romaine that they pour the dressing over and make you cut in order to eat. . The burger sans bacon was amazing. They didn't ask me how I'd like it cooked though which again bothered me. I normally would get mine a bit more done than medium rare. The dessert I opted to try was the banana creme pie. It was amazing. The display itself is jaw dropping! I enjoyed the pie immensely and bagged the rest for later in the evening. I couldn't possibly eat it all right then and there. . . Ambiance - 4 stars. Staff - 4 stars. Food - 3.5 stars (bland caesar salad; could have been better had they asked me how I'd like by burger prepared)
I got a chance to enjoy Delmonico Steakhouse during LV Restaurant Week. We went there for lunch and I'll take some of the blame for the experience because I ordered a a burger instead of a specialty, but it could have been better. It would have been nice to have someone ask me how to prepare it to my liking. Other than that, the staff was great and I had my very first piece of pecan pie there. I may go back again, but I'd have to be convinced.
Went for lunch waited almost five minutes for any type of service (was not busy). Ordered appetizers chips and gumbo they were very good. Then the.  bad. We ordered two burgers one medium one medium well. Both came medium rare at best. Sent them back, they put the burgers back on the grill. Came back mine was supposed to be medium well was medium. My wife's was supposed to be medium was medium rare. Both came back on blood soaked buns WOW.  We were disappointed. It did get better the pecan pie with ice cream was very good.  Also our server was very nice once he came to the table. So for the poor burger and blood soaked bun I have to give three stars.
This review is only for the front lounge area as we were in for drinks and appetizers.  . . Drinks were fine, service was totally average...not great but not bad either.  We ordered an assortment of appetizers to share.  Butternut squash ravioli, truffle chips (weird to order potato chips at a nice restaurant, but we did not based on waitress recommendation) and shrimp were wonderful, the pork not so much....it was very mushy and gamy tasting for some reason. I don't consider myself a food snob, but I took one bite and did not eat any more.  . . We booked this place based on yelp reviews and now I can see why they are mixed.  I would for sure give this place another shot if we were in Las Vegas AND in the Venetian/Palazzo area.  That said, I would not go out of my way to dine here again.
had a med filet...it was alright.  i don't think i'd go back with craft & nine still around.
Had dinner on 6/26/13. This was the second time my wife and I dined at Delmonico Steakhouse. The 1st time I ordered the bone-in-ribeye and was disappointed because it had some gristle and was underwhelming to say the least. On this trip, the wife had the organic baby mixed greens salad and the Filet while I had the shrimp cocktail and once again the bone-in-ribeye. We also shared an order of asparagus.. . The Filet was good - tender and nicely seasoned. My ribeye was disappointing, however. It was not very tender and didn't have much flavor for being dry-aged 2-3 weeks as per our waiter.. . The service and atmosphere are on par with most of the other high-end steakhouses in Vegas, but the steaks are not as good as those we have had at Craftsteak, Cut, N9ne, Stripsteak, Prime, or even STK. Does not deserve more than 3 stars IMO and even though it wasn't bad, it is not good enough for us to return especially with all the other choices in town.
"Everything taste good except for the steak and foie gas~ seriously, not even outback quality. Lobster bisque and pecan pie saved the day.. Don't come if u want decent steak. Like Gordon's steakhouse, this place is overrated~~~" I am giving 3 starts just because of the amazing lobster bisque  and the surprisingly good pecan pie. Also, the service is too good to deserve a two star. Me and my friend paid 80d/person to eat here and we didn't get the expected experience. I know we all expected vegas to be overpriced but I would rather pay for some other restaurant that would worth it.
This review is actually an average of two visits. . . First visit was back in January of 2013. My friends and I decided to have dinner at delmonicos to spoil ourselves. We were in Vegas for the CES convention so the place was pretty crowded. We had to make reservations in advanced just to make sure we got a table.  . . So what did we get? Bone-in Rib Eye. It was delicious. It was tender. It was juicy. It was pretty much the best steak I've had so far in my short life. The flavors were amazing and the seasoning was just right.. . . Then came dessert. I do believe my boyfriend and I had a cheesecake. It was so rich in flavor. While my friends, they had banana cream pies and one had bread pudding. Needless to say, we were very happy. The price was definitely worth it.. . Service: N/A. Food: A+++++ . . However, our second visit in August 2013, everything wasn't what we remembered it to be. The steaks were disgustingly different. They were dry. They were rough. I ordered a medium rare and it came out medium. It was NOT tender. It took a lot more effort to chew than it should for something that's $52. There were NO flavor in it and the seasoning was quite lacking.. . What the f*ck happened?!?!!!??!!! The steaks tasted like they were fresh steaks versus the dry aged ones that they advertised. . . . THEIR SERVICE IS FANTASTIC AND IMPECCABLE. . . We had brought up the issue with one of the servers and the manager of the location, Doug, took care of us. My friend's steak, and so was mine, was done three times to see if we were happy with the results. My friend's steak was pretty much rare when she ordered medium rare so they tried to correct that for her. They took the steaks off the check and gave us complimentary desserts. . . Even though they tried to correct my steak and even though they had amazing service, I'm not sure if their quality control is at work anymore. The quality was a good 180. The piece of meat they gave me was comparable to a $20 steak from Outback or any other random cheap joint versus the $52 price tag. It could be a bad batch, it could be quality control, but I'm not sure if I'd return to the location.. . Service: A+++++. Food: F
I love Delmonico's, I really do.  But this past weekend, it just didn't measure up.  I should have gone with my gut and given CUT a try.  We started with drinks in the bar, which was fine.  Our table for seven was ready on time, which is always nice.  Unfortunately, our service was super average compared to what I've had in the past at Delmonico's and at other comparable high end steakhouses.  My husband and I shared a salad for an appetizer.  We let the server know this when we ordered and in the past, we've had this served on two separate plates in lieu of having to divide the salad at the table.  Unfortunately, we were given to salad plates and told we could split it ourselves.  . . I love a good filet, and unfortunately, my filet was very average.  It was cooked to my liking, medium rare, but it was served relatively cool, which made me think that our food was sitting for a while before it was served.  My mom ordered seared ahi tuna which was served completely cold.  The outer edges were completely cooled after the searing, which again, tells me that our food sat out for a while.  My husband and my brother both ordered bone-in rib-eyes.  When the food was served, they brought one rib-eye that had been split in two.  The server went back to the kitchen and they realized they made a mistake and brought out the other rib-eye, while using tongs to take the half from my husband's plate and added it to my brother's plate.  Rookie move, seriously.. . My family doesn't eat a ton of cards, so for sides we ordered two servings of the mushrooms, broccoli, and corn for my niece.  The server kept pushing for us to order a starch, which we insisted we didn't want- very bizarre, it's not like we weren't running up a pretty hefty tab.. . It was my mom's birthday and I really thought Delmonico's would come through with an excellent experience.  The food was okay overall, but I really can't say that this meal met my expectations or anyone at our tables' expectations.  I've been to many Emeril restaurants, maybe they went through a recent management change??  I don't know, I wish I could explain the extremely average experience.
Had the lobster bisque and NY Strip.  Bisque was decent but nothing special and the steak was just above average.  Under cooked slightly as well which is surprising from a steakhouse.
My rating is based on my personal preference of how a steak should be cooked. I don't like it charred so to me their steaks were just okay. I've had better = Mastros! Still my #1 in Orange County. . . Their lobster bisque was yummy. Large lobster chunks!
Disappointing. The positives: top notch staff and service. They were knowledgeable, prompt and friendly. From the bartender who gave me a great suggestion for my Cabernet to our waiter who was very attentive.  Downside: completely bland decor. I'm used to steakhouses having a great classic feel that welcomes you in. This place was drab, and nothing special. As for our steaks, they were just ok; we expected much more. The heirloom tomatoes and burrata were a nice starter. But our overall experience was of a place we'd not return to. When you pay over $40 for a steak, it should be delicious.
Thanksgiving dinner with the family,  ok food but better can be had for the price.. . Going in,  you expect good service ( check), nice atmosphere (check), and good food (mostly check).  At $14 for soups and $62 for a steak ( including $12 for peppercorn sauce).  You get it here.. . A couple of issues. Delmonico's is branded as a premier Steakhouse priced accordingly.  Nothing about my meal and / or my service deserved a premier rating.  My steak was ok at best.  The Peppercorn sauce lacked any sort of consistency and flavor.  My Wife's turkey was good... but that was expected given day.. . Service was attentive and not overbearing. They accommodated our kids ( mostly stuck to their Kindles all evening... thank you Amazon!)    but were slow to react to most simple requests ( again, could be thanksgiving though we were there early).. . Net,  after spending a significant amount on a special dinner... nothing rings special!. . I expected more and it delivered a sub par experience for a Premier establishment.
The food was good.  The service lacked personal service.  There was nothing superior about the food.  Good food nothing extra special or amazing for the price.
