Two people, two entrees, two appetizers,  and two drinks= $107. Come on now. I don't have any problem with paying this kind of money for dinner other than for "Latin"  don't get me wrong, the food was very good. Just wish I've could've made out the menu. It was so dark you'd think you were in a bat cave.. FOOD- good not great. Weak guacamole very, very far from authentic  Ordered spicy should've ordered xxxxspicy. I make better for only $4.00. Service- great. PRICE- WAY over priced for yuppie ass Mexican food. But it is Scottsdale.
It's Saturday and  we are a party of four for lunch.  Had to remind the server three times to bring bread, had to remind repeatedly to refill ice tea, I asked about a drink featuring Mezcal and the server said she would check on it (I'm still waiting), had to ask three times for an item missing from the order, had to wait an hour for the food to arrive.  The explanation was, "we are very busy."  So why do I as customer have to absorb that?  If you can't handle the people STOP SEATING THEM!. . The server had to take offone item that she repeatedly didn't bring, and never got the Mezcal drink.  Guess what?  You would have SOLD more if the service had been decent and gotten a bigger tip!
If you're looking for a restaurant hotspot in Old Town, look no further.  The Mission offers up gourmet latin-inspired creations in a dimly-lit, totally chic setting, with decor reminiscent of its days as a pueblo church.  We went on a Saturday night, and it was a good thing I made a reservation - the place was PACKED!  The bar was packed, the tables were packed, even the aisles were packed!   . . To eat:. . *Crispy Cola Pork - Tasty, but seemed more asian than latin-inspired.  Close your eyes and you might think you're eating an extra-sweet teriyaki lettuce wrap.. . *Duck Empanadas w/ Foie - Pass on this one.  The foie was strangely spongy and the empanada crust was very tough and mealy.  Filling was bland.  All around fail.. . *Mahi Mahi Tacos - $14 gets you two lipstick-sized tacos with nothing on the side.  Same goes for all the taco dishes.  Very bad value.. . *Shortrib Asado Negro - Meat was tender and flavorful, and there was a decent portion of it.  But there was hardly any garnish to cut it - maybe 4 small bites worth.  Why skimp on black beans, plantains, and rice that cost next to nothing?  Silly.. . *Espresso Churros - Delicious!  My favorite part was the milkshake - Perfectly smooth and coffee-y.  However, the main component of this dish is supposed to be the churros and for some reason there were only a few small sticks of those.. . Conclusion: The Mission has an awesome-sounding menu, but most of the actual dishes fall short.  Portions are generally very scant and uneven across menu items, so be sure to ask your server about what to expect.  The food is basically good for noshing while enjoying several cocktails, looking hot, mingling, and enjoying the upbeat vibe!
A  bit surprised at the high prices but figured that the "trendy factor in old town" and the atmosphere was the reason because the teeny portions of the food and the quality is just GOOD, like the Good egg, not great, not bad, just good. . No happy hour?. And Too dark inside. . Lots of pretty wait staff. . My first suggestion would be to fire grill the mahi tacos and not batter them, they were not that flavorful. The side dishes of street corn and some potato chorizo thing were very good. I wanted to try the guac, but 12 bucks for an avacado with some garlic and cilantro? How about trying to make a good ceviche?. . My hubby and i thought that Rubios rocks in comparison, we love the shrimp tacos and the pablano and portobello tacos.
I've been wanting to try this place for awhile after hearing good things about it and reading the menu. I realize now why the website doesn't list prices-- the mission is hideously overpriced!. . We ended up on the patio since they weren't seating in the main area yet (at 6:30pm? For reals?) Our waitress was nice and attentive. She noticed my water had something floating in it and replaced it quickly. My husband's water glass was dirty too. She brought us out two sample size frozen peach and strawberry margaritas which were awesome. Much better than the rocks margarita.. . No complimentary chips and salsa which would be ok if they offered something else like Barrio. No happy hour either which was disappointing.. . The street corn was good, but I've had much better. The butternut squash tacos were out of this world. My husband liked them better than his mahi tacos. I just can't believe they have the gall to charge $12 for 3 tiny (3 inches in diameter) tacos. They also charge $12 for guac made from 2 avocados. I'm not sure how they have survived in this economy. They must be very slow when the tourists leave for the summer.
I am torn between two stars and three stars even though the food was Exquisite.. . Short Story-Great food but smaller than Barbie Sized but full price.. . Long Story-. . I had the halibut that was over maybe two tablespoons of rice and had a delicious tomato sauce poured around it that tasted similar to Campbell's Soup but better because I couldn't taste the tin can and it had a great layered spice to it that was just right. The top of my fish was sprinkled with some crisp taro threads and my petite halibut was cooked to perfection and seasoned perfect. Vegetables were not a part of this meal ($28). . My husband had the Chorizo Porchetta it was impressive coming out with a flaming rosemary stuck into it, I noticed that it looked like a petite filet  across the table in the dark but was a pork shoulder and the chorizo (a hard style chorizo) was stuffed into it, the plate had a very tiny dish of white bean puree on the side. I am looking at my measuring cups right now and the dish looked like my quarter cup but the dish of beans wasn't filled all the way so it was less than a quarter cup also vegetables were not a part of this entree ($24) . . Both of us and the two tables seated on both sides of us thought it was too dark in the dining room you REALLY HURT your eyes trying to read the menu in such darkness no matter how young or great your eyesight is.. The tables are too close together so much so that you have to pull your table out of the way for people seated on the bench to get out. Service was casual.. . Petite proteins, less than quarter cup side with entrees (1/2 cup is correct amount of food) vegetable side not included,full price..I wouldn't mind paying $10 more an entree so we could receive 1/2 cup side portions and a vegetable portion.                              . .  We will not return.
Luckily my wife was with me or I would have given the mission 1 star based on my meal. . I was served one of the worst meals I've ever ordered in a restaurant. . I order a chicken entree from what I thought was a nice restaurant, not a pub. The server placed a large plate in front of me, it had a gigantic pile of fries and 4 pieces of chicken laid on top. The chicken was covered in a ketchup flavored BBQ sauce. That's it... It was comical that the chef actually thought of this meal. I wouldn't serve it to my 5 year old... . . My wife ordered the tacos and out of desperation I reached over and grabbed a taco. It was amazing! I couldn't believe the same restaurant would serve 2 completely different meals. I don't get it. . . Moral of my story is if you go to Mission which has a good ambiance and feel...just don't order the chicken entree!. And if the chef reads this, please take that off your menu.
I went here for dinner the other night and was pleasantly surprised. I was dining alone, but the patio with the fireplace was a nice quiet place to hang out, read a book on my Kindle, and have some tasty food. The prices were a bit crazy. I'm used to excellent restaurants that have talented chefs, but I thought the prices were a bit much. I ordered a Margarita. It was $14. I expected more than 2 oz. of Margarita in an 8 oz. glass FULL OF ICE. It was an OK Margarita, but not worth $14. Chicken soup was very tasty, and the Chipotle Caesar had interesting flavors. . . So, apart from the ridiculously overpriced drink, I think it's a perfectly nice place to eat. Be prepared to spend about $50 per person (minimum). Unless you just have an entree and a glass of water.
I want to give them more stars but just can't . I will eat there again and re-review. Here is the story, It was the day after xmas for lunch, they were crowded and it looked like most of the wait staff was either off or missed work. The poor waitress did her best and tried to explain the menu in a rush(she did well, considering), but just too many people to cover all the tables she was given.Guacamole is great, homemade chips too.  I had brisket sandwich which was good But my girlfriends dish which was supposed to be drizzled in vinegar was soaked, so it tasted very bad.  Place has tons of potential, interesting menu, great atmosphere but just needs a little help.
I'm downgrading my original rating of this restaurant from 5 stars to 3 stars.  I know for a fact, that the Mission claims to have some of the best Posole (or pozole, which ever you prefer) around.  Well, not anymore.  Distrito has them beat, hands down.  After tasting the pozole at Distrito, which features an unexpected garnish of littleneck clams), the pozole at The Mission seems bland and ordinary at best.  . . Also, after having eaten at several other upscale Mexican restaurants as of late, the food at The Mission only seems to become increasingly more over priced in comparison.  The new restaurant featuring Mayan/Aztec cuisine on Scottsdale and Thomas, Caldero, offers equally delicious food at much better prices.  Sure, the ambience isn't near as upscale or unique there, but personally, I go out to eat for a good meal, not the decoration. . . If you're looking for small portions as exorbitant prices, then yes, The Mission is for you.  If not, then look else where.
hmmm. so i loved the place and atmosphere, but maybe i ordered the wrong thing. We weren't that hungry so we ordered the fish mahi mahi tacos & steak tacos, the fish was very oily and tasted strange, while the steak had too much of a hickory bacon taste, i LOVED the place + Service but the food wasn't good. However i will go back and try one of their specialties
The Mission had me for a moment. The inside was so dark, our waitress looked overworked and the table-side guacamole inspired an eye roll from me for its gimmickiness. . . I suppose if you go there to romance someone the candle lit dimness sets a certain kind of ambience. But if you are there like me to get some serious grub, the darkness is just plain annoying. . . Ok now lets talk about food. Its just too bad the other half and I are not big eaters, otherwise wewould have ordered a lot more than the table-side guacamole, kale salad, street corn and mahi mahi tacos.. . The eye-rolling-inducing guacamole is nothing to write home about. Something one can easily make at home or get in one of the many tacquerias for half the price. Now, the Kale Salad. Ah the Kale Salad with its julienned- cut kale, cleverly sized bits of blood orange, roasted peppitos, peeled whole little tomatoes and dressing that erred a little to the overwhelming side.  This is one of those meals that made me think about the process of creating the food. Man, I wish I knew how to perfectly peel the skin of a little tomato without crushing the tomatoes or how do I take the bitterness of uncooked kale into a salad that has a myriad of wonderful textures and flavor. I really really appreciated the bitter chewy bits of the blood orange because by itself would have made me upset but paired with the rest of the salad, the combo just worked.  Did I mention I really like this salad?. . The Mahi Mahi Taco was interesting. The juxtaposition of the large battered mahi with the tiny taco made me wonder but when I bit into it, I understood the intention was to highlight the fish and the other condiments compliment the fish.  Too bad I don't like greasy fish too much, otherwise I'd enjoy this dish a bit more.. . I asked my Street Corn to be stripped from its cob. I like corn. I am guessing the appeal of this side dish is the mayo-based sauce. Meh. I am okay with it.. . I'd give 4 stars for the Kale Salad alone but service plus darkness.. hmm 3 stars is generous.
Went tonight for business.  It rained so the patio was closed therefore it was very crowded inside.  It was dark, they had to pass around flashlights to see the menu.  The waiter was very nice and informative about the menu since it was our first time.  He said that their specialty was pork and did an outstanding job selling the homemade guacamole which was AWESOME, it was creamy and had the proper amounts of lime and accompaniments.  The tortilla chips were very good as well.  The waiter took about 4 minutes describing how great the porchetta and chorizo roll were.  It was "OK" nothing to write home about, the pork was way to charred on the outside and the chorizo was nicely seasoned but dry.. . All in all, it was a nice evening and experience.  If I was to go back, I would definitely get the guacamole and try a different entree.
In retrospect, I would come again not for the food but for the scene.  This sexy gothic lair is apparently very popular with the ladies.  I wonder now if my tastes are more aligned with bachelorette partygoers..... . The much raved table side guacamole is fine and fresh but not quite as memorable as I would have hoped.  The papaya salad was downright sad.  The short rib had a great texture and sprung when you could find a pepper to pair it with.  The chimichurri hangar steak was good but very standard for what you would find at any Argentinean restaurant.. . During this -- my second -- Scottsdale trip, I tried as many guacamole dishes and tequilas as possible in four days.  The reposado flight here had a lot of turbulence.  The Sol de Mexico and Corralejo were both good; but the Milagro and Maestro tequilas were extremely harsh, reminding me of regrettable nightclubs in Tijuana offering shots from Dixie cups . . . not what I would expect for $6.00 a shot.. . But the design, guests, and waitresses are all beautiful.  The hostesses are charming and accommodating.  I think the overall feel is just trendy fun.
I had been here once before for happy hour and was impressed; however dinner on Monday evening was so-so.. . We arrived and were seated right away which was nice.  We did wait a bit for a server (there was confusion over the sections), who while cute and bubbly tried very hard, but wasn't the best server I've had...especially in Old Town.. . My boyfriend and I ordered drinks and the guacamole appetizer.  All were good; however for the amount of people in the restaurant took too long to arrive.. . I had the Chorizo porchetta (I believe it was called) and my boyfriend had the 1/2 chicken with fries.. . Both meals were good, but not impressive.  If I hadn't been here before for a good happy hour I wouldn't likely pick this place again especially as the thing I was impressed with the most with was the decor...and even that was too dark for me to read my menu with ease!
Great food, nice ambiance.  . . Hope it's just a rumor that this restaurant isn't doing well and will be closing down soon.  . . I understand the economy has been devastating the past few years.  I've seen far too many great restaurants close.. . Hope this one won't be another casualty...
Great atmosphere.  A bit pricey in my opinion. Drinks are overpriced and the guacamole that was supposedly an 8 on a scale of 1-10 for heat was not hot at all.  And way overpriced at $12 in my opinion for one avocado with some mix-ins.  Food was good but not outstanding.  Many other better places to eat in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area for the same type of food.
My biggest gripe is that it was so dark in the restaurant, I couldn't read the menu or see what I was eating.  At one point, put a gob of pork fat in my mouth, which made me gag.  . . Pork shoulder was OK.  Fingerling potatoes good.  Bread basket not very tasty.  Friend loved her pork chop and has had pork there several times.  But I wouldn't go back.
The drinks and the guacamole are really outstanding.  Really yummy.  . . The actual meals really lacked taste when made vegan.  I wouldn't recommend this place if you have someone with food sensitivities or allergies in your party.  They really did try to be accommodating, but they struggled getting the order right.  When the order did come out, it lacked taste completely.  I'm sure their regular menu made the regular way is amazing because the guacamole was one of the most amazing things that I have ever eaten.  . . Also, very pricey.  More expensive than I would have anticipated (even considering its location) and I did not feel like I got what I paid for overall.
I researched the Mexican liquor mezcal for a story, and I decided to head to The Mission in Old Town Scottsdale to try some out.. . The Mission is a gorgeous, dimly lit restaurant with chandeliers all over. It's beautiful, relaxing and definitely quiet enough where you can enjoy conversation. The crowd was just as stunning as any you'd see in an Old Town nightclub, too.. . Besides the tasty mezcal I tried (lick some Tabasco off your hand before you sip it--trust me, it's great), I also loved The Mission's sangria, which was super-sweet.. . There were not that many vegetarian options. I started off with a bowl of the gazpacho, which was chunk-free and had the perfect amount of spice to it. If you've never had the cold soup before, I highly recommend it here.. . For dinner, I got the corn gorditas, which is normally an appetizer and definitely was not filling enough for a meal. The mini-corn tortillas were topped with veggies, and while tasty, the portion was meager. Next time, I'll try the veggie tacos.. . The restaurant's moderately priced, and even though the food left me wanting more, the chic atmosphere really stands out in Old Town and was ultra-romantic.
Guacamole, chips, and salsa...FABULOUS. Pork belly lettuce wraps...DELICIOUS. Steak tacos...TASTY. Shrimp tacos...GREASY. Poblano grits...NOT BAD. Lamb ribs...FATTY. Skewered corn...GOOD. Alcoholic beverages...WATERED DOWN. Ambience...CHARMING
meh, you were so, mission...ary. common place, and just barely. better than, the rest of them. mediocre joints we've been . to, in town, believed the hype. supposed to be, a special night. but alas, just missionary. mundane, married sex, like many. other spots, folks yelp about. jump up and down, scream and shout. 'think i died, and went to heaven'. 'scale, one to ten?, I'd give eleven'. 'stars? they're aren't enough to give'. sorry folks, and please forgive. me, but we were not impressed. overly, as we ingest. ed, selections, good enough. adequate, up to snuff. status quo, should have been wary. of the love, like sex that married. people have, flat on their back. a kiss a peck, some this and that. then do the do, for five to ten. roll over and, remember when. the sex was hot, shit, off the charts. candles lit, there in the dark. couldn't get enough of it. and now they sit and dream and wish. it wasn't just the missionary. through the motions, not contrary. to the norm, no shades of gray. spank and pinch, whips and chains. candle wax, clamps and toys. blindfold, handcuffs, add a boy. or a girl, mix it up. s&m, a little rough. er, like it used to be. that would be five stars to me. but instead, we say ho-hum. apps? ok, steak? overdone. carter, chefin', sweet decor. service good, tequila poured. into our margs, yep we enjoyed. but the food, is where the void. was felt, meh...not that great. didn't love the hanger steak. mahi taco's? we've had betta. guacamole, pork prochetta . both alright, food, just  sufficed. but we expected more that night. a little more bang for the buck. instead of just your average f**k. value? a bit pricey, yes. but happy to pay, for the best. just can't say that it was great. will say we enjoyed our wait. er, smart n funny, did his best. took some money, off our check. props for this, but can't say that. we will ever, venture back. just can't do it, missionary. ...maybe someday, when we're married.
Let me break this down.. . The company was a 6 star, but that's out of the subject. . . The food was on the uneventful side with some shining accents. The guacamole was good and they mix it at your table, which adds some charm to the deal. Also you can request more or less spiciness which was good too. the avocados weren't as ripe as I would like them, though.. . The roast corn gorditas were really tasteful but a little shy on the huitlacoche and really small, specially for $9. . . I ordered the Chimmichurri Marinated Hanger Steak which description in the menu reads as follos: pan de bono + charred leek & scallion soubise + tomatillo salad. OK, the name and elaboration is for the presentation and for the price tag, I guess, but when it comes to flavor, it was more like an OK steak with some undetermined flavor. . . I guess the labeling takes an important place here. If you give a dish a name, like chimichurri and the person who tries it has never try it before, it might be really good. But when you're expecting something and they deliver something else is kind of deceitful.. . BTW the grilled street corn was pretty good!. . The wine was good. We had the tempranillo Coto (I believe that was the name) and it was really good and inexpensive. I also tried the house melbac (courtesy of a really nice friend of mine :) and it was pretty good as well.. . The decor is nice but there are a couple of things that I didn't like. The lightning is super dark, like in I-can't-read-the-menu-dark. The upper walls (where the ac vents are) looks dirty and stained. It might be that it was so dark that it was painting or something else, but it looks dirty to me.. . The men's room has just one stall and one urinal. I guess the place was built before the new rules and so on, but more toilet space would be appreciated.. . I would go back but I might lower my expectations next time. And I'll make sure that I have awesome company (like this time) because that really helps!
My yelp-foodie group decided to make the Mission our second spot to visit and review. This review is only based on my last visit with this group. . I understand sometimes its a bit overwhelming trying to cater to a big group (8 of us) but it literally took over 10 minutes to get our first round of drinks.. We immediately ordered the guacamole and chips for appetizers.  I really enjoy their table side guac all the time as a starter. I would have wanted it much spicier, but I am not sure how much the rest of my guests would of appreciated that.. I ordered the Mahi Mahi tacos. Yes, they are very small, but they definitely filled me up. Cooked to perfection always. The wine we ordered also complemented the meal.. My friend ordered the street corn. WOW, I never knew corn could taste so good. I've been to Mission many times and I cannot believe I never ordered it.. . This place is definitely a date night spot with beautiful dim lighting. I would highly recommend to make reservations.
The ambiance is great, this is a beautiful restaurant. However I felt underwhelmed by the food especially considering some of the rave reviews here. We did try the pork belly pibil appetizer I had read about. The pork was wonderfully tender but had little flavor other than the dollop of sauce on top. The mahi mahi tacos were again OK but nothing to write home about. The fried bananas dessert was a tasty standout. Also it may sound silly but the espresso was excellent.. Overall going to The Mission was an enjoyable experience but I don't see much need to return.
This place was suprisingly OK for Arizona restaurants.  The Roast Corn Gordita appetizer is very spicy but very good.  I got the mushroom taco and really did not like it.  But some of my other friends ordered the chicken, pulled pork and the squash tacos and liked them.  The pumpkin bread pudding was very yummy.  I would have just been happy ordering that! lol  being we were there for a bachelorette dinner, they brought out a sparkler with the complementary bread pudding which was a nice surprise for the occasion.  The service was not very tentative so things seemed to drag out.  But i am from the east coast so we like things on a faster pace then most.  If you like this type of food i would recommend trying it out.
Food:. -Table-side guac, best and freshest-tasting guac ever; little guac man actually pushes a little cart full of ingredients to you and makes the guac, by your table-side. -Street corn, good, liked the option of having the corn shaved in a bowl instead of on a cob so I didn't look like I'm from Sparta eating. -Chorizo porchetta, decent but not the best pork shoulder I've had, wasn't as tender as I'd like, tasted more gamey than I'm used to. -Green chili duck confit, I didn't try this but feedback from my dining partner was thumbs up. -Pumpkin bread pudding with ice cream and pomegranate pieces, I approve as a dessert connoisseur. -Espresso churros, interesting but was just okay; didn't like the milkshake you're supposed to dip the churros in, hate alcoholic taste in my dessert stuff; churro sticks looked like poo on a plate. . Service:. -Our waiter memorized his menu spiel but didn't seem too genuinely enthusiastic about anything, was very fatigued (or stoned?) looking the whole time, also his stoned smiles made me feel uncomfortable/creeped out. -Forgot our orders for a really long time and I almost got full on chips, the waiter didn't try to make up for it but just did his creepy-stoned-smiley-apology. . Ambiance:. -Very nice setting, one of the few outdoors patios I like. -Lights are too dim and I couldn't see shit
Based on Yelp reviews and general hype, made reservations for 3 for my buddies and I as we were meeting in Scottsdale for 4 days of golf.. . The place was crowded (good) and atmosphere was great.  The right noise/activity level though quite a bit of the clientele were older (60+) semi-snobby acting loud-talkers.  I imagine it's a popular spot for tourists as well (though not during that VERY slow week in town).  The small bar area was much better and offered us the opportunity to wince as we watched an incredibly beautiful woman try to get away from what was clearly an online-dating nightmare...very entertaining and a study in body language for sure! Aaaayway.... . As the hostess started to lead us into the dining room, we noticed that all of the 4-tops were quite small.  That-is, small for 4 guys 6'2" - 6'5" and 210 - 250 lbs.  We looked one another and made the obvious point...we would be packed next to each other.  We instead opted for the long high-top bar table and it was perfect for us.. . Server (Meghan?) was excellent.  Cute little gal who did a great job explaining things and checking-in regularly.  Of course, we're hard to miss there in the center of the bar area.. . Food - Quality was excellent.  Nicely presented but waaaaay to much emphasis on making it feel "haute-ish".  Latin dishes done very well but be prepared for excessively small portions.  They must run a fantastic food cost here.  Porchetta with house-made Chorizo (no more than 4 ounces) and a puny bowl/ramekin of pureed white beans and crema of some sort (maybe 1/2 cup)...$28.00!  Of course, nicely decorated plate and again, excellent quality and flavor profile.  But come-on, it's Porchetta and Chorizo for cryin out loud.   Also ordered their side of house-made tortillas - Four or five 3" round little tortillas served on a big heated salt rock...$8!  Now THAT was funny...or not.. . So - Good food, done well.  BUT I won't go back based only on the silly portion sizes for the money and trust me, I almost never gripe about the price as long as the quality is there.  . . Would definitely go back for drinks or a $7 Stella (yeah, I know) and maybe find that amazingly beautiful woman trapped by her stalker-date! (alas...sigh).
Great ambience.  Sat out on back patio.  Felt the waitress was a bit snooty.  I think the concept of the food is great, but not so great in execution.  The guacamole everyone raved about "made tabelside" was made over in a corner and brought over to the table already made.  I would have liked to watch them make it.  Was just about one large scoop and that was it.  Left us wanting more, but flacor wasn't really there.  Underseasoned and overpriced at $12.00.  And the chips were undercooked so crunchy onthe outside, but tought toward the middle.  The chicken skewers with mole sauce was dry and mole was just ok.  The sweet potatoe/french fries were just like any other restaurants, but loved the sauces.  Tacos (ckicken) were just ok.  . The much acclaimed pumpkin bread pudding was excellent, but only about a 3 inch square.  Just a teaser size.. . I think if you don't mind spending the money, can get by the snooty waitress, and want to try something different, go for it.  Everyone in the area said to try Los Olivos right around the corner for really good Mexican food.
Three stars for the food & value, five stars for the service. Went here with a party of six. Patio seating was lovely. . . Downside -- We ordered a bunch of appetizers (guac, grilled corn) were solid, if uneventful. For the prices you pay, I would have expected better food and/or larger portions. Shared the pork shoulder taco entree-for-two with my friend; they were good (not great) and not much of them. Our friends seemed to enjoy what they had.. . Upside - My wife's scallops came out way-too-salty. She asked the server to have them redone, and they came back oversalted a 2nd time. This time the manager came over, apologized profusely, and offered to comp her a different entree. By this time she had been nibbling on appetizers and just wasn't interested in another entree, so they brought us a variety of desserts (comped) for the table to share. . . That's how you treat guests and solve a problem. Extremely well-handled by the server and manager, which is enough to have us give The Mission another try this weekend.
Dined here recently on a girls trip to Phoenix.  We split the spicy caesar salad which was definitely the best part of the meal.  I ordered the short-ribs braised in merlot which were just okay and my friend had the ahi of which I found that the flavor combination didn't work too well.  . . Service was the worst part of our experience.  It appeared as though our server was relatively new as she kept referring to notes on wines and food and then got upset with us when she brought us a sparkling wine when we had ordered the still. She was really huffy thinking we were being difficult and took the wine away and when she came back she had the wine list open and was like, "oh, there is a still of the rose, I thought it only came in sparkling.  All roses are usually sparkling."  Um...no.   . . My friend enjoyed her margarita but you won't find us back here.  I would be willing to overlook the wine mix-up if the food made it worth it.
The first time I went was with my wife and sister...  Each appetizer, entree and drink was amazing, not to mention great service...  So, I would have been between 4-5 stars.  The problem is that I booked a business dinner there two months later and was completely embarrassed with the service.  Our waitress didn't know the menu whatsoever, so really couldn't guide us when ordering.
I've been to The Mission three times now. The first time was for lunch with my coworkers. Half the table got the Tecate Skirt Steak tacos for $10. I guess we didn't realize they were street tacos and so, so, so tiny my manager even took a picture to send to a friend as a joke. The taste was fine, but I wish the waitress had warned us the portion size was so small. . . I went back for brunch on a Sunday and had a much better experience. I had the Chorizo Scramble, which includes chipotle grits. I am in love with chipotle grits. They were incredibly creamy and flavorful. The portion size was very reasonable. There was a lot more food for $9 than the skirt steak tacos. I've been back for brunch and I really love it. . . They have a great front patio as well as a back patio. During the winter months it's great to sit outdoors. Next time I go I'll have to sit inside and see what the vibe is like in there. The abuelita hot chocolate with dulce de leche whipped cream is also a winner.
The food tasted weird, i think they're trying too hard. As far as the prices, well, can I just say it was way too expensive. Sorry The Mission, wont be coming back
chicken and waffles with maple. jalapeno margarita. chef carter wins again in this swanky old town digs.. . --LOVE the all-day sunday pork taco station. all you can eat!. --lively bar scene, and with creative and excellently-crafted drinks to boot. --smoky and spicy red sauce. i'm glad to have it as often as possible. perfectly prepared.. --fois gras on a skewer? i wasn't sure it could work, but OH yeah, it was awesome. with juicy and moist bites of beef it was delectable.. --guacamole prepared tableside. it's a bit of a spectacle, but fun.. --i finally understand it. chicken and waffles. with maple syrup dip. i just needed it to be made properly. and it was. MAKE IT YOUR MISSION to eat this dish here. if you didn't get it before, you will.. . i've seriously had this place on my list for years. Finally i made it. wow. great seeing some folks from zinc down here. smiles all around.. . i can't wait to go back.. . # but i asked the fried egg for the torta to be SLOWly-cooked and instead it came brown and hard at the edges. sorry. can't cook eggs is a dealbreaker.. it's the same problem at zinc on their croque madame.. guys, you've gotta slow down and lower temperature on fried eggs. they are so delicate! don't rush them!
The food here was just ok. Though to be fair, I'm not typically a fan of Mexican Food.
I dined here for the first time, while on vacation, because of all the good Yelp reviews. . . The atmosphere is tranquil looking but loud with a mixed aged-crowd.. It is apparently customary to be given a small light to look over the menu, because it is so dark . Our server did not offer us one , even after she saw me using my phone. . Being our first time, (and we even told her it was our first time) she did not run through any specials or anything. I had to ask and she just told me the Chef's recommendation.  The server next to us told his table all the specials that evening.. The guacamole was different with the toasted pepitas in it. It had a nice flavor.. I had the chicken tacos and ordered flour tortillas vs corn. It would have been nice to have been told that I would have had to put everything together myself, vs if I had ordered them with corn tortillas. It came with two flour tortillas and a bowl with the chicken and avocado and then a side of the sauce. The chicken was  a tad dry and overcooked. I have had better tacos elsewhere.. The blood orange pineapple margarita was the best thing I had there. . The server was not very inviting and seemed uninterested in helping us . She only came around to take the order and check how the guacamole was and then handed us our bill. . I think there needs to be some improvement on the service.. I would try it again and ask for a different server.
A coworker and I tried out The Mission while in town for business. We had been to Scottsdale before and tried more than a few good Mexican joints, but as The Mission had the highest ratings on yelp, we knew it was a must-try while we were in town. . . Overall, the ambiance was steller. The restaurant was designed and decorated to look like a mission and had great patio dining with awesome lighting and candles everywhere. it is in a nice part of town with great shopping as well so great area to walk around in before or after dinner.. . After sitting down, we started our meal with margaritas and house-made guacamole. My coworker had the guacamole margarita and said it was outstanding. I ordered the primarita which the waiter said was the house specialty and rated the best margarita in scottsdale. While it was definitely good I didn't find it all that different from other margaritas I have had in town and really didn't find it worth the $12 price tag. Our waiter made the guacamole right at the table and my coworker (as you can tell, a guac enthusiast) said it was awesome as well, but I (again) didn't find it all that unique.. . My coworker ordered the halibut and I ordered the Duck Confit as our main appetizers. We were a bit confused as the restaurant markets itself online as a latin american restaurant, however when we arrived our waiter described the food as more of a latin american/french fusion. While the halibut and duck were very good, we found the plates to be overly complicated and the flavor profiles to be very confusing. Even though all the dishes sounded very tasty, the execution didn't really come through and the overall experience of the dish was very muddled.. . Overall, The Mission is a great restaurant but I would aim to come here more for drinks and appetizers rather than a full meal. I dont really feel the food lives up to the price point.
I went here with my mother and wife for a birthday dinner celebration.  The reservation was for 8:45 pm. We were seated promptly, in the inside eating area. The atmosphere is very dark, which is great, but made reading the menu slightly difficult. The waiter was very attentive. Drinks and food were good. Price was high, but that was expected going in. . . Biggest issue: noise. It was sooo loud that we were practically yelling to have a conversation. The noise (just from other guests talking) even continued to be extraordinarily loud after 50% of the guests had left for the evening. I think the building could seriously benefit from some acoustic barriers.
Top notch place I would say.. I love the ambiance,  love the chandeliers, super prettty. Nice set up, except there's a huge dip next to entrance,  I almost fell and broke my face. Lolz. Smh.. . Appetizer;; the guacamole was too salty. So I had to mix it with hot sauce/salsa.. . Entree;;  I got the portabello mushroom taco, it was so salty. Our waiter came over and saw that I didn't touch my tacos, So she suggested the gorditas, and yuppppppp, the gordita was fantastic! I sure finished that. Haha. . Drink;; I got the 360 mint lemonade,  omg. Extra friendly they made :)))
Let me start by saying this place was veryyyy accommodating.... . We came here during the week and it was extremely busy. The wait for a table was about 45 minutes. We found a table in the bar area so ended up sitting there. Everything that we ordered I felt like it was a bit salty. We started off with the tableside guacamole. The good thing about this is it is extremely fresh, they come to your table and make it right in front of you! It was good but a bit salty. I ordered the Tecate Skirt Steak. The steak was very tender but also a bit salty. & you get 3 mini tacos. They're really little. My friend is a vegetarian so she ordered the Grilled Portobello Mushroom which she didn't enjoy because it was also salty. The waitress asked how everything was and recommended the Corn Gorditas instead, took her plate and brought her the new dish. =) . . For drinks, I got the Missionary which is a mix of the red sangria and the mission margarita. Yummy in my tummy! lol. My friend got the 360o Mint Lemonade which she loved. . . I loved the ambience of the place and the customer service was amazing however I thought that the entrees were a bit over priced for some bite size tacos...
Love the ambiance here.  Grilled street corn and pork belly were delish.  I also liked the cucumber jalapeno margarita.  The chicken tacos were meh.  This place can get very crowded even for a Monday.  The service was extremely slow.  Maybe it was the night we went or the server we had.  Make sure you speak up though.  We waited and waited as the server ignored us until we asked him if we can order.
