My go-to hotel when in Vegas. It's cheap, has nice employees, and the rooms are halfway decent. . . The casino isn't great, I've only lost money while there. The bars often have drink specials and are pretty cheap in general. . . The views from the top if the tower are breathtaking. I have always wanted to have dinner up there but haven't had the opportunity. Hopefully soon. . . The food situation kinda sucks. The buffet has been described as downright disgusting and often leaves its victims sick. I didn't experience any illness but it wasn't a very good meal. . . It's located at the strips farthest most point  in a pretty shady neighborhood but its a good jump-off location for downtown and the rest of The Strip. Cheap cab fares either direction. It's within walking distance of the Monorail(at the Saraha) and Dino's Lounge. Very awesome. . . I will stay again.. . Just as Treasure Island branded themselves as "ti," they should call themselves "The Strat."
You get what you pay for, I guess. I thought that I was getting a bargain when I booked a room here for insanely cheap. . . I got to my room and I was pretty disappointed- it was small, the whirlpool tub looked like it had been there since the 80's, and the whole space just seemed...well, old. But let's face it, (most) people don't go to Vegas to spend their time in the hotel room, so it bother me much.. . I probably should have done a little more research before booking; the Stratosphere is at the far end of the strip, so girls if you plan on walking to the Vegas club scene, either plan on wearing a pair of flats for the trek or putting some mileage on those high heels.. . On the plus side, the view from the top floor of the Stratosphere is breathtaking and the rides on the roof seem like a nice attraction for thrill-seekers.
Just spent a weekend here and will say that you get what you pay for the price.  Yes, for the same price you might receive a little better amenities but this is Las Vegas so every little thing you expect from normal hotels is not complimentary here.  And what about this "resort fee" they charge.  Why don't they just call it a "In case you're not a gambler or don't want to experience our tepid thrills" charge.  Worst off, our towels weren't replaced and neither were the linens.  That's a big no no.. . I guess the only thing that was nice was view from the top of the Tower.  Vegas please get on board with the rest of  the civilized world and pass a ban on smoking, please!
We stayed in the "Romance Suite" during out stay. It was large, clean, had a two person jacuzzi tub, coffee maker and fridge. It also had 2 large flat screen tv's. It was a great room and a great deal. . . Yes it is Vegas so you get charged extra for everything like internet and yes they like every other hotel in Vegas have a resort fee that no one really knows what it covers.. . They have two pools. The 8th floor is open seasonally and was not open during out stay. The 25th floor beach club has a dj and during the summer months it is adult only and topless. We where the only people there, the lifeguard was friendly and it was really warm!. . We are not gamblers but we got a free trip to Vegas for listening to a time share talk so we figured we would go and we had a blast. We did not gamble at their casino which is large and very smokey. . . The top of the tower views are amazing we went up twice. They have thrill rides but I am not brave enough but hey if jumping off a huge tower is your thing you can find it here. On your way to the observation area you walk through a ghetto mall. But many of the major hotels have them.  . . Lastly, it is on the strip but it is all the way at the north end. We rented a car so we had no issues getting around but if you are staying here carless you may be in a little trouble. It is not near the monorail and the cab rides to Mirage area where about 12 bucks each way according to people who took cabs.. . Overall it was nice but if I return to Vegas I would probably stay in the main strip area so we could walk from casino to casino. If you are looking for a quieter hotel  not in the middle of the action this may be your place.
Recently stayed here and had a pretty good time, but a couple of huge issues will prevent me from coming back. . . Pros:. -cheap rooms! . -decent casino downstairs. -lounge 107 was AWESOME! happy hour half price apps and unforgivably delicious desserts. -skyjump is cool, though i didn't have $100 to drop. -decently comfortable beds . . Cons:. -no free wifi - seriously, if I can get free wifi in Days Inn, huge disappointment to have to pay 12.99 per 24 hours. I even had an outage of internet, which thankfully caused my payment to be refunded. -location - pretty far down strip. -lack of some amenities - a microwave or mini fridge would have really helped. . Ultimately, you get what you pay for.
My first trip to the strip, I stayed here thinking I was getting a good deal and being smart.  It was a half decent place, but I wouldn't stay there again now that I know better.
The prices for the ride to the top, skyjump and other activities were a bit inflated for Vegas, I thought. For that reason, we didn't bother.. . The casino was pretty average compared to other ones on the Strip. I ate brunch downstairs before my bus ride. The food was OK, but not incredible.. . What I did like was that the DEUCE drops you off right here and the bus to LA picks you up in the back of their building in the parking lot. That's quite convenient.
Casino only review:  If you park in the parking structure, stay on the 2nd floor and take the covered passage way over to the casino instead of going on the ground floor, because it can get quite windy between the two buildings.. . The casino itself had a bit of atired feel towards it, though there were a few newer machines mixed in here and there.  Nothing here really stands out and casino wise, this could easily fit in with those on Freemont St and you might barely notice a difference.
I stayed at 2 different rooms while being here. The first one was in their older section of the hotel which has not been renovated. This room was spacey, with two flat screen TVs (why?!) and relatively clean. But the bathroom and sink lights stopped working after I switched them on and off once. There was enough light from other parts of the room and since I was gonna stay only one night in that room, I didn't bother complain. There's some sort of train/light rail running outside and despite being on the 21st floor, I could still hear it quite clearly. . . The next day I moved into the newer part (premier room I think) and it was significantly nicer. Our next door neighbor got into physical fights and was really noisy so we called the front desk and within a few seconds, the noise stopped. I wondered what they did.. . If you do pay for internet, pay for the one in your room (I think you get a password from your tv before paying online). Don't pay for the Starbucks network that you can get downstairs because once you come back to your room, it won't work. We made this mistake and double paid. Overall a pleasant experience and affordable. I'll stay somewhere close to the city center next time though.
The rooms seemed recently updated. The beds were very comfy. The bathrooms were extremely small with very little counter space. It took us a very long time to get towels after calling housekeeping. The prices were decent but the location was too far from other hotels/center strip.
The hotel photo's on the website were misleading. The room was slightly below what was expected. Aside from that small letdown, everything was good. . . The room itself was large enough for two people, and the beds were comfortable. Cleaning service was quick the next day and were never a problem.  . . Room service was fairly priced and was very quick to deliver.
The Stratosphere isn't all that bad. No really, it's not. They have renovated rooms that are actually pretty nice and better than some other places on the Strip. Ok, sure, the pool, spa, restaurants, casino, and parking suck. But it is the tallest structure west of the Mississippi River - and that's pretty cool. It's got the Level 107 Lounge that rocks. It really is the best view in Vegas. And it puts you closer to Fremont St. and all of the glory that is downtown. So for the renovated rooms (and the price of those rooms) and the view, it totally gets 3 stars (despite everything else).
Stayed here for NAB '11. Stayed on the 22nd floor and had a great view of the city and the tower. . . The price wasn't bad, but I wouldn't recommend staying there if you are attending the convention center. Ended up spending about 40 bucks a day on taxi and parking to commute, and in the end it would have been cheaper to get a closer hotel.  . . Food and bars are a bit pricey there, but then again, it is Vegas.
The stratoshpere creates mixed feelings in me....  The good: It's mellow, away from the crazy business of the strip, and it's inexpensive.   The bad:  The dealers are RUDE for the most part, they have a very small selection of beer - which does not include ANY ales or quality beers, and the hotel is quite a distance from the strip.  For the price, it was a pretty good deal.  It was about a mile to the strip, which we walked.  Overall, not bad - if you are not going to be spending much time in your casino or hotel, I would stay here.  Rooms were very nice and comfortable.  Cheap prices!  You gotta give up some luxuries if you want an inexpensive room!
The casino itself is very generic mid-Strip tier for slots and strip mall sites.  If you didn't know you were in the Stratosphere, you'd just assume you were in Ballys or Harrahs.  It's the new top anchor for the Strip now that Sahara is closing doors, so stop here tourists lest ye enter Scarytown.  (As if the Strip doesn't seem scary enough outside the tower.). . The tower itself is amazingly beautiful, but pricey to go up into unless you're a NV resident or veteran.
Good value. Recent renovations to hotel and rooms are modern and nice. Friendly service. Casino floor could be a bit more cohesive, could use a bit of work. We had good diner food at Roxy's (best chili cheese fries I've ever had). We did not use the pool but saw it from the observation deck and it looked like a nice pool, not overly themed but it IS on the roof of the hotel building. The observation tower was REALLY cool though, and my friend rode one of the rides and had a blast. Overall, this is a good value property, if you don't mind a cab to the central strip a couple times over your stay.
I've stayed at many medium-priced Vegas hotels over the years, but (so far) I prefer the Stratosphere. So much so that when I planned my big-50 birthday weekend there was no doubt where I'd stay. . . No problem with reservations, check-in or the room. I agree the TV remote was problematic but I think it's because the new LCD TV is too big for the old regular TV cabinet so it'son top and you have to hold the remote up in the air for it to work.. . I always liked the buffet but I'm pretty sure there were more choices in the past, the tower is fun but the Air Bar was a disappointment, and the 8th floor pool closed at 6pm. After two full days and nights in Vegas I sure could have used the hot tub. Who closes a pool at 6? . . I'll come back I'm sure, but my expectations are lowering.
We (group of 7) stayed at The Stratosphere for a girls' weekend and had a really nice time. The room was clean and well-stocked, the check-in staff were friendly and the casino wasn't overly smoky or outdated. The neighborhood it's in (very end of the strip) isn't fabulous - we were cautioned by both the cab driver and random residents not to go out walking after dark, but frankly I've been more nervous in my own city than there.. There are multiple restaurants, two pools (one topless!) and more slot machines than one can fathom. . We ate at the buffet, mainly - make sure to get the all-day rate if you're going to eat three meals there - you get unlimited access from 7am to 9pm for $30.00. Even if you're just getting one meal there, get the Player Card from the casino and get a discount at the buffet.. Hotel guests receive unlimited access to the tower (non-guests pay a huge amount to get up there) and your room key gets you admission for 4. The view is amazing, but they do try to sell you souvenier photos (which we bought, haha).. I had no negative experiences, but it wasn't a fabulous resort getaway either - it was nice to be slightly off of the main drag, but I kind of wish they hadn't billed it on their website as being "centrally located on the strip" because it's not - centrally located, that is. It's the last hotel on the north end.
We recently (5/19/2011 thru 5/24/2011)  stayed at the Strat, and enjoyed ourselves. The hotel was clean, the casino was fun and the food at the buffet was fine. Roxy's was good, but not great, the wait staff was slow. . . Our room (a 2 queen bed on the 21st floor) was very comfortable, though the pillows were a bit too soft. It was clean, and they changed the linens every day. The decor of the entire hotel is pretty outdated and not pretty, but who goes to Vegas to be wowed by the rooms?. . The staff was friendly, helpful, and very accommodating. The observation deck was just about the coolest thing we did while there, and you can go up as many times for free as you'd like when you stay there. The rides looked terrifying, and I'm not sure why anyone would go on them, but those that did seemed to have a great time. The shops in the little mall part were good, the very last gift shop all the way at the top was cheap and fun, and the alcohol was super cheap as well! Some of the pricing was outrageous, but that's to be expected in Vegas. . . Complaints:. - There was little to no pressure from the shower head in the room. It made taking a shower tedious and long. . - The pool closed at 6pm during the week, 7pm during the weekend. This is just ridiculous in my opinion. . - Not only did the pool close early, but the hot tub jets didn't work. Kind of pointless. . - The lifeguards paid no attention, and the little kids running around unsupervised were just awful. . - Table games had high minimums . - Far from the rest of the strip, a cab to Treasure island was about $10 (not to mention the $3 fee just to use a cc), and to Mandalay Bay it was $20! To freemont it was about $9.. . That's all though, and those were all things I could live with. Overall, it was a good experience, but next time I think we'll stay on the actual strip.
We had to move rooms from the upgraded area to the non upgraded area... The upgraded area is all done in tile and the noise ECHOS like no tomorrow... You could could hear the room next doors conversations and they werent even yelling... simply talking... IT was ridculous... . . In actuality, this was probably the noiseist hotel I have ever stayed in Vegas.... . With that being said, the BUeffet breakfast was really good and plentiful...
This is the best place to stay if you are on a budget, or didn't book a hotel far out enough and don't want to pay $1,000,000 a night. They definitely revamped this place.. . PROS: The hallways are clean; the carpet looks new; the walls look redone; the rooms are clean and more modern than expected. The non-smoking DOES NOT SMELL LIKE CIGARETTES! The bathroom isn't as big, but for this price, I'll shut up. They even have flat screens TV! The people @ the check-in were really sweet.. . CONS: This place is kind of far from the center of the strip. Because it is one of the older hotels, it is not as fancy or hyped as the new hotels on the strip. You don't get the pretty, well-decorated check in area like the other big hotels. This place is a lot smaller.
Decent hotel. It's located on the complete end of the strip, so if you want to visit some of the hotels like Mandalay Bay or Luxor, it's a little bit of a drive. The attractions are good, but if you already have a room, you still have to pay to get to the top of the tower. The rooms are nice, but you have to pay for a view. The beds are ridiculously confortable though.
Hotel situe au sud du strip, donc un peu a l'ecart de l'enorme agitation qui regne quelques km plus au nord. . Cela les chambres sont tres correctes et ce qui caracterise cet hotel, c'est la tour Stratosphere juste a cote qui permet d'avoir le plus beau point de vue sur Las Vegas. Tout en haut, a environ 300m, un restaurant panoramique sur une plateforme tournante, un bar tres agreable, et des attractions delirantes :. Big shot, Insanity et surtout vous pouvez faire le grand plongeon !!!! (pour la modique somme de 100 dollars !!)
Stayed here when we took a weekend getaway (Thur - Sun) in April 2011. We were looking for an inexpensive place to stay in Vegas that was still on the strip. We choose the stratosphere. The hotel itself is really nice (seems a bit old), but in general it is nice. We tried one of the restaurants - Roxy's Diner, just for a quick easy meal after a late flight. The food was really good! We also went to a show which was a lot of fun, and nicely priced. . . And of course the stratosphere has an amazing view of the strip that you don't want to miss. We got some wonderful pictures there. . . Didn't do any rides because they were expensive and we'd rather have spent that money doing other attractions in Vegas. . . If you are looking for something conveniently located on the strip - this is not the place. It is quite a walk from the main part of the strip, and this is coming from a couple who usually walks everywhere on vacation because it is the cheapest way - and we like to save money! But even for us, especially after a night in heels, it was a bit far! However, if you are willing to buy a bus pass for the days you are there, then it would be just fine. Do keep in mind though that riding the bus on the strip can take a decent amount of time. . . That in mind it is nice that is is far enough away from the action on the strip that it doesn't always seem to frantic! It is also a quick and easy getting to Fremont St.
Going to the Strat is like going downtown but a tad bit classier I guess. Not  by much at all though. Surrounding area of the hotel is in shambles, far from the strip and the casino floor is small. People are very nice though. If you are looking for a place to stay for a clubbing trip, this surely isn't it. If you are looking for a place with fantastic access to other parts of the strip, it definitely isn't it. If you are looking for world class cuisine and service, this isn't it either. . . Why the heck did I come here then? Friend got room comped, enough said.
you really get what u pay for... we paid less than$ 200 for a room and its a tiny room and high bathtub but it's not bad. . . the tower elevator side are smaller rooms. small elevators versus the new side.. . hotel overall, eh... it's less than$ 200 for the weekend
The best thing about the "Strat" (as I found the locals call it) is the price. I liked that you can go up into the Tower for "free" if you're a hotel guest but didn't like having to pay a $15 "resort fee". What is a resort fee? Just another way to get some money I suppose..  . Here's the deal: the hotel is very clean and well kept, despite it's aging status. . . Yet getting to the proper Strip is a big pain. You really have to take a taxi, and I say this as an avid walker. So factor that into your price, it's about $10 per ride in the vicinity. More to the airport.. . The view from the Tower is UNBEATABLE but what is UP with them not allowing tri-pods?? Seriously? I took some shots of the sunset and many of them came out lovely but part of me wants to take a monopod up there and cause some trouble.. . I might stay here again, but not if I wanted to spend a lot of time on the Strip (I was in town for a wedding this time and didn't gamble).. . Oh yeah, the buffet is really not bad and worth the splurge for convenience alone not to mention the MAKE-YOUR-OWN SUNDAE MACHINE!!! I may not drink or gamble but I ate my weight in sundaes.. . The shops at the top are not the shops of Fashion Island but they're great for knick-nacks to take home to friends.
Walked down for a break and to see what kind of shape the place was in as stayed here in the past. Looks like it could use another facelift. Service at the bar was very slow and looked like the bartender could care less. Gambled for a short while but the place never gave me a very good feel so we just moved on.
When we first arrived, they said we booked a King size bed instead of what we requested which is 2 Queen beds. The receptionist could care less and said she will "reserve a room" for us. She doesn't want to be there and it's written all over her face. After a huge fuss, when we get up to the room, we realized that it's a 2 queen size beds. Basically the receptionist and her computer system is not even accurate. . . The view up on the tower is amazing, day time and night. It's free for hotel guests and the rides are so much fun. For the price of staying in this hotel it's so worth it.. . Rooms are decent, clean and just a place to sleep. If you want to party hard inside the room instead of just crashing and showering this is not for you.. . The swimming pool is awesome!. . Only thing that's kind of annoying is that though it's on the stripe, you can't walk to the main part of the stripe AT ALL. You must take a taxi. Fare to MGM (which is end of the stripe) is around $20. You do the math.
Decent suites. Poor gaming. The tower itself is a tourist trap and the place has no personality overall.
We didn't stay at the hotel.. Just a quick tour of the casino floor and up the tower.. . The casino floor was just too bleh for me. It didn't inspire or make you want to hang around.. . When we got closer to the top they had a large look a like contest and that was amusing in itself. There were some impressive doppelgangers.. . The hotel also isn't that close to anything, whether it be the main strip or the downtown area. That's a downer to say the least.
We didn't stay at the hotel, but ate at the buffet and played blackjack.. . Buffet was good-- around $20 each. Had lots of options and we ate so much we had to just sit in the booth for a while before we could move. They had cocktail sauce, but no shrimp, which was sad. :( Their dessert selection was also not very good.. . Great blackjack tables. We played at a $5 min table for a while, with a couple of dealers. They were cute, friendly and willing to teach a couple of newbies the ropes. My friend and I also both ended up doubling our investment, so yay!. . Free valet parking, woot!
Staff is very kind, and the rooms are cheap.  I just wish it wasnt so far away from the action, the cabs will kill you.
No complaints here. I only stayed for one night. But if you have been to some of the better Vegas hotels, this place doesn't spark any fireworks.
I truly wanted to give Stratosphere 4 stars because they did an awesome remodel but the location of this hotel is shady and the room temperature was warm. The AC would not allow us to go lower than 69, however, it felt like 75. Now, the beds are very comfortable and the bathroom is a nice size. The walls do seem a bit thin because I heard a lot of random conversations coming from the hall and other rooms. I would stay again because it's cheap but it's far from the strip so I would rather pick another hotel. . . Tips: Top of the World restaurant is worth dining at at least once :)
We stayed here on New Years and it was awesome. The beds are very comfortable and the hotel rooms and floors were quiet. The party was kept in the Tower and Casino but not in the rooms so it was wonderful! The service is good, people everywhere are really friendly, and penny slots constantly pay out. We had a nice time and will definitely return.. . The buffet was terrible though. They could improve on that.
We were in the newer tower, so the room was nice. The shower did have mold along the top of the shower, which I wasn't to fond of. The hotel itself was decent, the price that we paid, it meshed well. I was satisfied while in the hotel. Really the biggest issue I had was every time I pulled into the self parking, I had to watch drug deals go down at the crappy apartments next door. It was right there every time, it got humorous. I had two trips on the elevator that the people in it with me were ... questionable, lets say.  Staff was very courteous, the service was quite well. For the price I am not displeased, but for my trip next month, I will look elsewhere.
We stayed here on our wedding night in a suite. So yes it was 4 years ago.. It was perfect for us as it was a suite and was located in the same hotel as we were having our meal. . That said its not the best hotel on the strip and it is a way out from a lot of stuff. Perfect for our needs at that time ;)
Ended up at the Statosphere last weekend as I had dinner at their Top of the World restaurant. (see separate review).. . It's out of the way - not close to the downtown or the other strip properties. It's also near a pretty sketchy area though things are being done to try to improve the area. . . The interior isn't too bad considering the age of the property and with the things to do high up in the tower, it's too bad you have to pay to get up otherwise it would probably be busier. The tower that is.. . I didn't stay in the rooms so from what I was able to see from the parking structure to the tower, management is doing a decent job of drawing people there. Gaming, lounges and dining - all reasons to go. . . Anyway - the place is ok. Been to better. Been to worse.
I have stayed at the Stratosphere many times.   If you are looking for a posh glamerous place,  close to the heart of the strip.....LOOK ELSEWHERE.  If you are not a new visitor to Las vegas and know exactly what you are there for the Stratosphere my be a good low priced option.    I have stayed at The Wynn, Bellagio, TheHotel........these hotels are amazing.  When I go to Vegas alone (or with the guys) to party and gamble I'd rather have the extra money to spend on fun.  For this type of trip the Stratosphere is PERFECT.  After all who spends time in the room in Vegas anyway.. . I would recommend the Stratosphere to anyone.....just understand what it is....and what it is not.    It may not be for you.
Unless you are staying here it will set you back $16 to get to the observation deck. You can go up to the bar for free, but you are so far away from the windows that I wasn't impressed. The hotel itself is nice, I stayed here for one night a few years ago and thought it was a great deal. Its north of the good stuff on the strip, so don't expect to walk down and see stuff. You'll need a cab or a car.
This review is from the perspective of a day visitor to the Stratosphere rather than from a hotel guest.. . My friends and I came over to the Stratosphere in order to try the thrill rides at the top of the tower. About half of us would be riding, making the $16 elevator ride to the top a pretty steep wager for those who were just waiting for us to ride. They came up anyway.. . Once at the top, there is a restaurant that serves burgers and other self-creation sandwiches along with a 360 degree view of the rest of the strip. The 108th floor is indoor viewing, while the 109th is outdoor.. . It cost $31 to get a tower entrance and a ride on all three rides, which alone may seem expensive, but was pretty trivial in comparison to the tower entrance fee. As for the the thrill rides:. . X-Scream: A must ride in the FRONT seat. The effect of being propelled off the side of the tower is effective, and you will feel something. Though the literal ride itself is not incredibly intense, it's design makes it pretty thrilling.. . Insanity: Perhaps the most intense of the three for those who have a fear of heights. You are spun at 40 miles per hour with a 70 degree tilt toward the ground off of the Stratosphere tower. While I don't think this ride would make too many people dizzy, I would suggest concentrating your eyes to one spot on the ground to avoid a milkshake explosion.. . Big Shot: DEFINITELY the best ride of the three. The ride is your typical space shot tower, except its 1100 feet off the ground. Usually, I find this kind of ride semi-intense, over-relying on the initial shot then fizzling out afterward. This one, being high off the ground gave a terrifying view! And at the top, they stop the ride sufficiently as to give a STRONG negative-G pop that makes you feel like you're literally floating over the entire Las Vegas strip. If my group wasn't in a rush to the next event, I would have definitely ridden this puppy again!. . Overall, the property isn't bad, but is a bit expensive for what it's offering, even by Vegas standards. I'm glad to see that this hotel hasn't become a complete victim of the newer Vegas fanfare.. . In the future, I hope to try the SkyJump, which also seemed really popular (1000 foot jump off the tower), and I'll likely give that a try also on a future visit (the ambulances are always standing by right on the ground... CRAZY!).
It was very inexpensive to stay here for 4 nights, which was why we chose it. The room was clean, but the ventilation blew cigarette smoke into our non-smoking room, which was pretty gross.  You also get to go up to the top of the tower for free if you're staying there, which is why I gave it 3 stars instead of 2.  Wasn't horrible, but probably would never stay here again because of the smoke.
Solid hotel and very cheap.  We would go back.
Hotels are the opposite of people in that you can take the ghetto out of a hotel, but you can't take the hotel out of the ghetto.  Alright, that's a little harsh, but let me explain: my first stay here was in 2006 and the changes that I noticed during my recent stay were substantial.  . . Yea, I know changes would take place during a 6 year gap, duh, but the hotel rooms are significantly better, much nicer than I expected for the price.  The guest services are also terrific: fast/friendly check-in and they even helped me get an electric-scooter rental.. . The casino is okay, not a bad place to get in some low-to-moderate stakes gaming, but your experience, particularly at tables will be dependent on other guests and customers.  And that's where my ghetto comment comes in, the Stratosphere neighborhood (technically on the strip, but not really) isn't the nicest and you will see a lot of ghetto folks walking around the casino.  BUT you'll never feel unsafe, and that's a big credit to Stratosphere.. . The biggest drawback to the Stratosphere is that, again, its not really on the strip and you can't really go other places without taking a cab, which will run you about $15-$20 per ride to the strip hotels.  Doesn't sound like much, but if you take a cab during the day, come back and change and go back out at night, that can be up to $80/day and cut into the good value of the hotel.
Can I give this 2.5 stars?. . Pros:. - Free Parking. - You can go up to the lounge for free and check out the view. - High kitsch factor if you're into that (I am!). . Cons:. - Casino is pretty smokey. - Lots of kids running around. - The interior needs a face lift. - You have to go through a metal detector to go up to the top. Why?. - Need some better signage inside to navigate around
I wasn't impressed but I don't regret the stay. It was the cheapest hotel on the strip for the nights I needed. The rooms were clean. . I was disappointed that the pool closed so early. They have 2 pools, one on the 8th floor (family pool) and another "adults only" pool on the 25th floor. I was really looking forward to hanging out at the 25th floor pool but apparently it's been closed or a whole and nobody cared to tell us.. . It definitely gets marked down for being so far away from the main stuff on the strip, it's about a 1.5 mile walk to get down to the other hotels and attractions on the strip... the walk is through a bit of a scary area so girls definitely don't want to walk alone (I'd suggest at least a group of 3 if you're going to make the trek).. . The buffet was ok. Nothing too great and it was $20 per person, I don't feel like it was worth the money but it also wasn't worth taking a cab ride (or scary walk) to get to another hotels buffet.. . We changed hotels after a couple days.
I don't even know where to begin with this stay. Lets start with the things that impressed me.. . The price was really cheap, it was at least 40 dollars cheaper then the other hotels we looked at for the same night. . -When you stay there you also get access to the tower for free. -the pool is beautiful. . -There is also a lovely restaurant Ruby's with the sweetest waitresses EVER in it.  . -It's also fairly close to bus stops (A bus pass was only 7 dollars for 24 hours so not bad). . -The rooms were lovely, and the beds were super comfortable. It was extremely clean and the hair dryer worked well. Lot's of space, oh and the curtains do well blocking out the light! . . Things I wasn't impressed with:. -The people working the counters had no idea what was happening. I called for a late check out and asked them to charge me, they then told me I'd be charged, which I responded was the point and I was okay with, and then they reminded me I'd be charged. Right. Then on check out they were also a little confused as well. . -The Starbucks in the hotel is AWFUL, worst service, worst attitude, worst cup of coffee ever!!!!! (and I love Starbucks, just don't go to this one). . - The concierge had no idea what was happening around, no deals we could get, or offers we could take advantage of except for some deal for 140 dollars (sorry not a deal). . . So over all it was worth the price and the money, and as long as you don't bother with the terrible starbucks it's a perfect 3 star hotel!
I am also giving a 3 stars because of the following:. . PRO:. 1) really cheap price ($26/nite on weekdays). 2) free unlimited access to tower is awesome.  the view is really nice, and watching drunk people jump off the tower is fun too.. 3) room is decent enough for the price. 4) good location (not far from new hotels on the strip). . Mehs:. 1) there are lots of weird and depressed looking people here. . 2) the whole place isnt kept up.  parking lot is dirty and scary, lots of places not clean, furniture in room pretty old.  . 3) area is creepy and scary. even the downtown area (which is really bad compared to new hotel areas) was a whole lot cleaner, brighter and with happier looking people.. . this is a good place to stay for the first one or two nites in vegas, because the view from the tower is really beautiful and its a must see.  but other than that, better food, fun, and happier people are somewhere else.
Was a very intimate and chill place to stay for VEGAS.  If you are agoraphobic (have a fear of crowds) than this side of the strip/hotel would be perfect for you.  We stayed in the basic room and there was no mini-fridge in the room.  Sad face.. . Another sad face moment, very very shallow pool.  Think our section of the pool was 4 feet or 3 feet.  that is ok but you should know, tall people like to be deeper in pools sometimes.  . . Good things: it was quiet and simple, not crowded at all even though we were in town when there was a boxing fight going on that weekend; FAT TUESDAY in the hotel.  FREE TOWER ACCESS for hotel guests, Non-hotel guests pay $12 just to get to the top of the tower, not including rides (each ride about 12 bucks)  YAY! Also, a discounted all-day pass for the rides if you're staying at the hotel.. . Overall, not too bad.  Either way, its freakin' VEGAS man.  If I stayed in a hole in the wall, it wouldn't matter because Vegas is Vegas and that's all there is to it.
Hotel staff is very friendly! The hotel room was ok, but the bathroom not so good! The toilet don't flush well and it sounds like a airplane bathroom. To get to the shower you have to step up into the shower. To have a fridge or microwave into the room is $10 extra for each per day. To get the same room but renovated its $15 extra a day! The TV channels there aren't many. I would not come back!
Check in took forever. We arrived late Friday night and the check in line was longer than we expected. It wasn't moving although there were many counters open. Who knows what's going on. We finally get to the counter and even though we were checking in late, they had a room available with our preference. One star for that.. . The bed was comfy and there were enough pillows. The premium view wasn't so premium. The bath tub was rather deep. Everything seemed clean.. . The casino itself was nice. Stay away from the Wizard of Oz machine if you don't want to get addicted. . . A stay in this hotel comes with free entrance to the tower for up to four people per day. Take advantage of it if you've never been to the top.. . When we were checking out, they had a power outage that affected some parts of the casino and even the outside traffic lights.
We stayed here on our recent trip to Vegas.  We were in one if the newly remodeled rooms which was pretty standard but very clean and comfortable.  This is not a super high end hotel and you get what you pay for but I got exactly what I was expecting for the price.  A lot of people complain in their reviews about the distance from the strip.  Technically The Stratosphere IS on the strip.  It is on the very end of the strip which is a little ways away from the center of the strip where a lot of the action is.  That being said the bus that runs the entire length of the strip has a stop right in front of the hotel and it runs 24 hours a day and can be ridden all day as many times as you like for 7 bucks and for three days for like 20 bucks, which is much cheaper than taking cabs back and forth.  Because of this the distance was not an issue for us.  The casino was smaller but also less busy than some of the others and they do have a lot of 5 dollar black jack tables that can be harder to come by farther down the strip.  Yes, the casino does smell of cigarette smoke, they ALL do, it's Vegas SUCK IT UP or don't come to Vegas.  Sorry just had to get that out!  Overall for the price it was perfect, I would stay again if I was looking for a less expensive way to do Vegas!. . Also on a side note several people have said that this hotel is in the "ghetto" or in a scary neighborhood.  I don't agree.  It is not the nicest neighborhood I've ever seen but definitely not as bad as some people have made it sound.  I never felt unsafe in this area even at night.  Those who think this is the "ghetto" have never truly seen the "ghetto" ,or are just being overly dramatic.
Don't know if would stay again. Rooms were ok. Pool service sucked. Took 1/2 to get drinks, and another 1/2 for change
Okay,  I have heard all the negative comment about the Stratosphere Hotel & Casino..  In a way I think it is good that I read them.  In my situation I had to go to Vegas for my daughter's graduation so I need to stay somewhere cheap but not to cheap (still wanted a little bit of the Vegas experience).  Now with family out that way I know enough about Vegas that name like "Flamingo" and "The Golden Nugget" are inexpensive dives (old strip spots).  Still when you say "Luxor" or "Bellagio" you are talking money and cost (especially in the area of room service and other amenities).   So in reading the negative reviews on the Stratosphere I felt I could cope with the shortcomings.  When I arrived I was pleasantly surprised.  Okay No bell hop rushed up to me BFD!  I got a spa room on the 18th Floor.  Pretty good view.  Everything worked including the hair dryer.  Just some advice to one of the yelpers who said he spent a lot of money on cabs back and forth to the strip.  Insider Advice---  there is a double decker bus service that run 24 hours up and down the strip, you pay for 24 hrs @$7 or $18 for 3 days and you ride anywhere on the strip, just swipe your card.  I say this to say getting up and down the strip was not a problem from the stratosphere.  Now the mall area in was very nice and NOT HIGH END, very reasonable.  Other hotels on the strip you can't shop in unless you have a black credit card (lol).  However, on that note I went to the "Top Of The World" Restaurant and it was total High Class.  Lastly the amount of things to do in the hotel itself far surpass your main strip H&C's.  You could free fall 108 floor w/ the sky jump.  Or ride the roller coaster (yes that is plural I think there are 3).  In short where I started at a one star when I read the reviews once I stayed there they brought me up to 3 stars.  I think the key is know what you are getting prior to going to Vegas.  You can't pay PaPa John's money and get Donald Trump service.  If you want the "Luxor" or "MGM Grand"go pay for it and keep your wallet open for everything else that comes with it.  For what it is the Stratosphere is a pretty good experience.  Trust me go the old strip if you want to see true Las Vegas dives the hookers greet you at the door..
Un bon hotel/casino a Vegas. Chambres relativement peu cheres (j'en ai eu pour 120 euros la nuit pour une chambre avec 2 lits doubles). Proprete OK. Acces gratuit a la tour pour les clients de l'hotel (pas aux attractions malheureusement). Pas de WiFi gratuit, comme dans la plupart des hotels de Vegas. Casino relativement grand, quelques boutiques de souvenirs et 2-3 restaurants, dont un MacDo ouvert relativement tard. L'hotel est assez loin du Strip. Pour y faire un tour, petit conseil si vous etes en voiture, garez-vous aux parkings gratuits du Wynn ou du Encore, et faites le Strip a pied.
The real novelty of this place is the tower, do not expect your room to have a great view. That being said the casino has recently been redone and is not bad. When I stayed there my room was a bit small and the window looked like it belonged on a submarine. But it was only 19.95 a night! You should check it out and go to the observation deck. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
not bad for a cheap off the strip hotel.. . PRO's-the best pro about this hotel is the hotel quests get free admission to the top of the stratosphere which does cost non hotel quests $15 each to get up to the top.  I paid $210 for 4 days (thur-mon) and room was nice, big, comfy beds, comfy pillows, room service cheap and fast, valet was awesome, casino was super big and clean, the cocktail girls were very attentive and strong with their drink pore's.. . CON's-the bathroom in the rooms were tiny, the sinks are on the outside wall of the room, and the bathroom is a toilet and small shower with no fan.  window to the room is small, and the wall ac was a dinosaur and loud when left on for a long time.  no free wife, fridge, no free upgrade, and the location is in the ghettos.
Pros:  Its not luxurious but it is clean and I love that they have remodeled everything. Front desk girl was extremely nice! . . Cons:  The location... a bit ghetto.  You could hear everything in the hallway.  We turned on the tv and there was porn.  Normally that is not a bad thing for us but I couldn't imagine if we were with children and how bad that situation that might have been.   Sadly the porn went away and it was no longer free. lol
I wanted to stay somewhere off the strip for a night this trip so I chose the Stratosphere because I always wanted to check out the viewpoint and it's not too far away from everything.. I stayed in one of the revamped rooms so it was pretty nice. There were not any issues like bed bugs or random blood stains on the wall. The bathroom was nice and no gross smells anywhere.. . I'd recommend staying here if you want to get away from the main strip and want to get a nice view of Las Vegas. The view is definitely worthwhile. I only saw it during the day I am sure it's better at night since you'll be atop the Vegasglow. I think the tower closes at 2:00AM.
Vegas was amazingggggg!!! The Stratosphere itself was just ok. Hardly spent any time there so nothing great to say or not to say. Had to call twice for towels which was a pain. Room service was stupid expensive. The room itself wasn't terrible, but the bathroom was crazy small which really sucked. Overall, its cheap, its close to the Wynn and Encore and we all slept just fine, at least the very few hours we actually got any sleep! Party like a ROCKSTAR BABY!
We had a good stay here for a fair price.  It's just not very convenient to do things on the strip from this location.  Taxis are expensive and its a very long walk.  Next time I would probably just pay the extra money to stay on the main part of the strip.
Stayed at the stratosphere hotel over the weekend. The hotel is everything that you would expect for the amount of money that you pay. The room was clean, the price was fair and there was little hassle checking in or checking out. If you are looking to stay somewhere fancy  you might want to go with the Aria or the Cosmopolitan - but if you are looking for somewhere affordable to stay this is not a bad option. The only thing you definitely need to know is that the stratosphere is a little bit away from the main strip area, so anticipate a walk or some sort of commute to get to the main attractions.
This is my second stay at the Stratosphere.  My first vist was in Jan 2011.  This visit was from Sept 21-25, 2012.  It was coincidental that I stayed here again as my friend had a timeshare with a great deal for this hotel.  . . CONS:. What I don't like about the Stratosphere is that you always have to speak up or else you will get stuck with a subpar room.  Last time we paid $20 more a day for an upgrade to a suite (It was indeed sweet!!!).  On our recent visit, there were just so many things wrong with our room, they HAD to move us to the Select rooms.  The Select room was on the 18th floor so it had a nice view of the city.  It was more modern, brightly lit and had a safe.  Even the shower ran better and included a Moen shower head (it's the little things, lol).  I think they offer the worst rooms to customers  first instead of the oneson the more newly renovated part of the hotel.  I don't like that.. . Next, even though housekeeping is available until 5pm, our room was only cleaned once (and a horrible job at that) while we were there.  Really "Molina"?  . . As you're passing to and fro, the smoke on the casino floor will take your down...lol. . Another thing is it is further down the strip (almost downtown) so cabs can get pricey.  . . Also, concerning the area around the hotel: to me all of Vegas is hood so I don't get the "dangerous" warnings with the area around this hotel.  As a woman, use common sense and don't travel alone at night (behavior you should practice anywhere).  Many of the people who live in Vegas are on hard times, homeless people everywhere! No surprise there!  . . PROS:. I will say that the Stratosphere has some of the best hotel food I have enjoyed in the good ole US of A.  Like...really good food with large portion sizes.  The first time I ordered a lot of room service as I was on a romantic getaway, lol.   This time my girlfriends and I ordered in twice and both times we loved our meals.  Veggie burger and salads are spectacular.. . Discount tickets to local shows: we got a good deal on "sold out" Cirque du Soleil Zumanity tickets for the same night.. . I love that the hotel is a theme park onto itself and has lots of attractions including several restaurants inside (even the "shi-shi" Top of the World restaurant).  It is also great that your room key grants you free admission to the tower.  Go to the outside observatory for the best view of the city.  Don't waste your coins on the binoculars, they are poor quality.  Last time I went on one of the rides: X-treme.  It was awesome!
The only cool thing about this hotel is the spectacular view they have on top. If you are a guest you are welcome to go up there without paying. It's beautiful but the location sucks. It's literally located nowhere in my opinion. I mean there are some restaurants and what not near but they don't compare to the whole vegas strip. . . I spent my last night here and it was nice because it was away from the party scene but yet so quiet and lonely. Specially when I wanted to grab a bite to eat else where rather than inside this place. It's also very far from the airport, so if you are planning to taxi it, get ready to pay about 30 bucks and that depends on the traffic as well.
Been awhile since I've been to this casino. We visited at night to kill some time and head up to the tower. The place still seems the same and has been kept up pretty well.. . I haven't stayed the night at this place, just usually play on the casino floor.
Decided to stay here on a very last minute Vegas weekend getaway. And I mean very last minute like I had 30 minutes to pack and the hotel wasn't booked till 5:00pm that evening. . . Booked Stratosphere through hotel tonight app. If you haven't heard of Hotel Tonight it's a great app. Basically every day at 12:00pm they list hotels in a variety of cities at a huge discounted rate. Make sure to check every 30 minutes because prices can go down and they add new hotels during the night. . . Ended up getting Stratosphere for only $26.00 a night, which is a steal. . . The hotel room itself was pretty clean. We got upgraded to the newly renovated area for no extra charge. Beds were comfortable and bathroom was pretty typical. Since we were on the 7th floor we didnt' have a view of anything except for a parking structure. . . Service: It wasn't the hotel's fault that when we checked in they couldn't give us keys. Hence that whole night if you wanted to leave the room and come back you had to wait for security to open the door, which we waited about 15 minutes for each time. . . The nice thing about staying at the hotel is that you can go up to the top of the stratosphere for free. This is an $18.00 value per person. It's pretty romantic at the night and they have lots of couches and seats to sit on. There's even a bar on the top. . . Come back again? Probably only if I got a sweet deal. Sometimes it's nice to just stay on the strip too
It's worth a stay at least once.. . Morning Poker Tournament room is $45 w a $20 addon in the first hour. Weekdays it was 3-4 tables of decent players.. . Hotel is decent. The included observation deck pass with hotel key is AWESOME! That view from the 107-109th floors is great. See Vegas for all its glory, eh hem, glamour and filth.. . Avoid the daily buffet. Food is mediocre at best. The plus side is that for $30 a day there is unlimited eating if you are tight on cash. I'd still go elsewhere.. . Roxys Diner is a great Dennys like joint.. . OH NO!!! No vent in the bathroom! The architect had no nose?? Out of his mind perhaps. Bring matches to be kind to your roommates!
Clean, very north end of the Strip. $10 cab to old Vegas $15 to new Veas. The top of the tower is cool, but you don't need the package where it is included, because let's be real, you're only going to go up once. . . I stayed in the "newly remodeled" Select Tower. The rooms were pretty small. No bathroom ventilation, and the lighting in the bathroom, where you need good lighting the most, really sucked. The walls are very thin. So unless you are a heavy sleeper, you WILL hear everyone walking by your room at all hours of the day and night. Forget sleeping in, the maids will wake you in the morning regardless of if you have your do not disturb sign up. You can hear them cleaning the other rooms on your floor. You also pay a $7.50/day resort fee and $12 Internet fee per day while staying at this hotel. . . Bottom line, I wouldn't stay here again. I'd get closer I the newer scene for the same price.
Too far from most of hotels in the strip.
The pros are a single item: cheap rooms. . The cons are for more numerous:  the place is in a ghetto area of the Strip where I saw vagrants yelling at themselves on the way back to the hotel.  If you have a far of being mugged, this is not the place to stay.  Taking the monorail at night back to the hotel is an adventure all its own, since the monorail station closest to the stratosphere is a closed down casino with little lighting on the street  to get back.  It is also very far to walk to the big casinos on the southern end of the Strip.  Gambling was mostly the usual dreck of white trash and old people blowing their retirement accounts on slots.  There were quite a number of women who were dressed as hookers, but since this is Vegas real sex workers and women coming from clubs look identical since the level of class in the city is so high.  . . They also hit you with an additional fee of 15 dollars a night for entrance to the tower and exercise room that is not clearly stated when you book online.  The rooms themselves are nice enough, with big TVs and comfortable beds.
Decent experience. Room was a good deal on priceline. A little outdated, a ton of rooms, no window to open and a lot of walking. Nothing to write home about, nothing to really complain about. There was an old bag of chips that was opened still in the room and that was a bit of a turn off.
This is a review for the stratosphere restaurant that spins around to give you a vision of all of Vegas.. . Food was decent, I had lobster ravioli but on second thought that was probably a bad decision since it was $55 meaning I could have purchased 1-2 full sized lobsters and ate that instead...Anyways the prices are pretty high, expect to spend around 40-60 pretip/tax.
Three stars is for McCall's, and the view, nice clean casino and staff is pleasant. That being said got charged to much for a extra night. Get back to room late and it had never been cleaned. What a bummer to return to. Then let the night from hell begin the walls in this place are thin. Kids running in halls and people fighting in other rooms all night. Kids are because of parents but it still not worth taking a chance on this place. But by all means go see the view from tower and eat at MC Call's.
When this place first opened, everything here seemed great, but now everything is just average compared to all other casino hotels on the strip.. . It looks like they never updated anything here so the casino and all the furnishings appear kinda old. I booked the cheapest room which provided basic accommodations for travelers who only need a place to sleep, which was perfect for me. I got one of the newer rooms, and it was neat and cozy, the only inconvenience is that there is no small fridge.. . Location: It was a little far to walk to the more popular places on the strip, but great if you are going to Fremont Street. So if you don't have a car, you either have to spend a lot of time walking or a lot of money taking the cab, of course you can also consider taking the bus.. . To me the best thing here was still the view, and guest here can go up to the top of the tower free.. . Hotel staffs I met were friendly, however, one particular security on the top of the tower was extremely rude. His attitude was obnoxious and disrespectful. I will not consider staying here again.
This review concerns the poker room and the pai gow tables; I did not stay at the hotel.  The staff at the poker room was nice, but they did not have a game going in the middle of the day on a Sunday.  Eventually one started, but come on, run some promotions or something to make sure you at least have one table going in the middle of the day on a weekend.  The pai gow dealers were very nice and I had no problem getting a seat while waiting for a poker table to open.
Came to Vegas for a wedding, so was looking for a cheaper place to stay that was still close to all the chapels.   . . Had a HORRIBLE experience with booking since I was flying in at 6AM, and originally booked through hotels.com and even though I was willing to pay for an extra night, they were still giving me issues saying i had to wait until 3:00PM , when I had the wedding at 5.   Called the hotel directly and they wouldn't help me because I was going through hotels. com.   Nice.  My experience is with the hotel, seems like the don't care if its not booked through them.   Called hotels.com... and they won't let me pay for the day before with an extra late check in... I mean really, no one wants my money?  I finally had to book two days via Hotels.com and then call back to the hotel and book another night with notes that I wouldn't check in until 6AM the next morning and pay them directly.  The second person I talked to at the Hotel directly was much nicer and they linked my two reservations together so that I didn't have to check out and then check back in.. . After the above was all settled, upon arrival everything went smoothly.  The rooms were ok, there was a resort fee that I didn't see anywhere in my hotel.com reservation information, but oh well.  Plenty of parking, loved the casino, not too bad shows, yada yada. . . I like that its away from the main strip, as we spent no time there. We did walk down to Circus Circus and the Riveria, but to go further would have been pushing it....  BUt its easy to get in and out of the hotel, and since we had a car we spend most days in Downtown Vegas... . . The rooms are a little outdated, but they fit our need.  We did go up to the observation tower (included in our room) and that was pretty cool.  I had started coming down with the flu, so sadly i didn't get to partake in any of the extreme fun things you can do at the top... like jump :)  You can even see video of other jumpers on the TV.  . . We did the buffet one morning... it was amazing.  tons of breakfast foods and even lunch/dinner stuff too....it was good, and plentiful... and since we just joined the membership in the casino... it was free!!  . . I would stay here again unless I found something cheaper.   I'd rather spend my money DOING stuff than needing 3 bathrooms and a tv in my mirror( ahem Bellagio)...
Meh. I wasn't super impressed by anything here, but I may have just had a series of bad experiences. So take this with a grain of salt, I guess. . .. . The window in our room faced the wall of another building. Disappointing, but okay for what we payed. . . Went to the Top of the World restaurant. It spins, very slowly, while you eat. Doofus here gets motion sickness incredibly easily and couldn't finish my $60+ meal. I had the parsnip soup (pretty amazing), but couldn't eat my salad or entree. Had to leave the restaurant completely before my entree even came. They were nice enough to wrap it up for me, but my experience was truly awful. If you easily get sick, do not eat here. You'll end up throwing up your expensive-ass meal in your mediocre hotel room.. . Also, ordered room service and put the table out when we were finished. . . and it stayed there until we checked out the next day. Other guests starting piling their garbage on it. A little ridiculous.
I was back at the Stratosphere this weekend.  I stand by my old review.....the property is ok.  The rooms are ok.......the only real issue is the neighborhood.  Ladies should never walk outside the property alone.  I suggest nobody walk off the property at night.   Cabsand rental cars period.    Other than that a very good low priced option.
*** Review is for casino only ***. . The Stratosphere casino is a fairly large area that meanders from the self park garage around to Las Vegas Boulevard.  There are little tricks to remember where you want to go and which set of stairs/escalators are the best for getting to the theatre.. . The casino itself has a good selection of various slots and denominations.  They seem to target the lower rollers like me.  The casino seems to be a lot cleaner than it was when I've been there in the past.  The cocktail waitresses were around often last night and were very pleasant women.  I did notice the large percent of people who were smoking but unless you were right near them, smoke was not a problem.  They've installed a good ventilation system.. . I'll always have fond thoughts about the Strat even though I'm not there very often.  It was here when I was invited to a free slot tournament that through some twist of fate, I came in first and won the grand prize of $10,000.  That still doesn't buy the place an extra star but it brings warm fuzzy thoughts!
At one time I managed a retail store in here so had reason to visit this location many times.. . For starters it's not in the best part of town. I wouldn't recommend walking around outside here in the evening.. . Besides it's location it's not too bad. The view from up top is incredible!. . It also seems to be a popular place to stay for those on a budget.
We made a reservation for the Stratosphere as part of a vacation package through expedia, and we requested a non-smoking room with a king sized bed. When we got there, the only thing they had left with king sized beds were smoking rooms, so we decided to upgrade to the newly renovated rooms, and we got a room on the top floor with a jacuzzi tub. The room was nice, and the tub was big. You do have to pay a resort fee, but it does not include free wifi, so for that you have to pay extra. The resort fee does include unlimited trips to the tower, but you do have to go through security to get up there, and you cannot take tripods up with you. . . I was unimpressed by the bars and the restaurants in the hotel and casino. There is a Starbucks right by the elevators, which was good. There are some shops on the upper level of the casino, but they looked very empty. The casino itself was not very smoky, which is nice since neither one of us smokes. . . The pool is nice. It wasn't very busy the entire time we were there. It's more of a lounging pool, so I think the deepest it got was 3 1/2 feet. Unfortunately, it closed at 7pm, which seemed a little early to me. . . I would say the worst part of staying here, were the ladies at the information desk. Every single time you walked by, they hassled you. I'm guessing they were trying to sell the casino members club deal, but I never stopped to find out because they were so pushy and rude. I really think the casino should reconsider having their employees do that. . . Overall, we had a decent stay at the Stratosphere, but it would be a lot better if they fixed some minor issues.
Clean, friendly staff.  The bonus of this far from the main strip is just that.  Was great to have a more quite, low key place to crash - sure they food options were lacking and it is far from where you want to be, but for the price and the small amount of people, I'd recommend it.
It was a great stay for the price. We wanted to stay close to the strip but not right on it. We also didn't want to pay a arm and 2 toes to stay at the big boys! We arrived on a Saturday, the check in was a breeze, the desk manager was super helpful and accommodated my request to put my 2 rooms side by side and on the pool floor.. . It's crazy how people trip out (negatively) on this place, do some research before you stay.
i stayed here on my trip to Vegas and this place has its good and bad. the good is and people there are friendly and the bad is that the casino and the food was not that great. The location of this hotel is further down on the strip away from all the entertainment and fun which for some can be good and others bad. For me it was ok. it was ok because at night i was able to sleep with little interruptions but the bad was that i didn't have a car so i had to take a taxi every time i wanted to go to the main part of the strip. I was also told by lots of people it is a bad idea to walk around the street at night which was fine with me because there was nothing around the hotel that i wanted to go at night anyways. i only stayed here because it was cheap and the ride but with all the taxi fare i paid, next time if i ever return to vegas i might stay closer to the main part of the strip.
Stayed here for my first Vegas trip so I knew nothing of the area. . Good: it's really cheap and the hotel has nice amenities. There's also a lot of stores inside which is nice. . . Bad: All the ghetto people stay there because it's really cheap. You also have to walk through the deserted ghetto part of the strip to get to it, so I suggest you take a cab. . . Bottom line: with the money you're gonna spend cabbing to the better part of the strip, you may be better off staying closer and paying more. But if you're on a really tight budget and don't mind walking 1-2 miles, it may be worth it. . . Also, watch out for the crackheads and alchys, they get pushy.
Went to a wedding here and the view was spectacular. The food was ok, but it was about having a good time. Walking through the casino itself I was unimpressed.
I went to Vegas for the weekend and I stayed at this hotel the first night. I had to wait a little bit in line to check-in but the front-desk service was pretty fast. The room was clean and spacious, but I could hear the neighbors' conversations. I was on the 7th floor but unfortunately I didn't have direct views of the strip from there. My boyfriend and I drove to Vegas downtown and when we came back around 2.30 am the service told us that the tower was already closed. I would have liked to see the views from there at night, but we had to go next morning. It was okay, but the views weren't as spectacular as I expected.. . If you want to check some of the pictures that I took while I was in Vegas feel free to check out my post :) http://feetfromshore.wordpress.com/2013/09/10/finding-some-charm-in-vegas/
An ok hotel. Comparatively speaking, I think I could have done better. I wasted an extra $20 plus taxes to get a strip view. The strip view consisted of a couple building lights and a street. Would rather have placed the $25 on black jack and see how that went. I tried getting out of the service fee by telling them I was betting big on the games but that wasn't happening. Didn't use one worthless thing on the service fee and they make it difficult to get the $5 off the buffet. You have to charge it to your room so that you keep your credit card open (and can charge other stuff). That didn't seem right to me. AND...the service fee's do not include internet. That is an extra $12.
It ain't great, but it's fine. Dont expect to feel like a high-roller. The highlight was Roxy's Diner.. . Beds were comfortable and rooms were clean. . . Food options range between Mc'Ds and a "fancy" restaurant with 1990's style plating and flavor combinations. Like I said, just eat at Roxy's. . . Machines do not seem to pay out much either ;(
okay we stayed here during the week. The smell off smoke in  North section was overwhelming still i had hopes when we get to our room it was like a cheap motel room the light flickered a good minute before fully turning on. The bathroom was so tiny the sink was outside the bathroom! (weird) the toilet had pubic hair from a previous customer!! ..(yuk) .. We came equipped with a bottle of Lysol though. The drawers had hair in them ! My boyfriend had a fit.. I took photos with my camera and showed the front desk who gave us an upgrade to the select section which was way better the room came with spa bathtub ! :) and it was clean and the hallways smelled good. The pool was a nice experience you see a little bit of everything. The last time we came to Las Vegas we stayed at the D Las Vegas and we liked that hotel better they had direct TV Chanel's and the stratosphere only had 7 Chanel's. We did enjoy Roxy's dinner though and the Top of the world restaurant, the view from the up their is breath taking.
I used the Hotel Tonight app to book the stratosphere, . I was trying to book Planet Hollywood but that sold out in less than 5 minutes. . . We didn't check in until 5:30 am so there wasn't a line or anything.  . Check in took less than 5 minutes, and we were able to upgrade to the newer upgraded rooms. . . The rooms are very basic, there isn't even a coffee maker.. but I guess that's ok since they have a Starbucks downstairs.  The rooms are also pretty small, there is not that much room for much else other than your luggage.  The restrooms are pretty small, and the shower curtain didn't cover the shower fully.. Rooms are clean enough, the carpet isn't that clean, but it's really not that big of a deal since we weren't staying there very long. . . Rooms were pretty affordable at $80 a night on the weekend, and if you find some coupons on hotel tonight only $65!, they do charge a resort fee of $16.. . I regret not checking out the view on the top, but you must check it out if you end up staying here !
I been going to Vegas for four years and have always avoided the Stratosphere due to preconceived notions that it was a dump and cheap.. . On Sept 27, 2013, those thoughts were immediately dismissed when I checked in for a last minute convention weekend. . . The hotel room is actually clean. It's up to par with any standard room on the Strip. You get free admission to the top of the Tower if your a guest here. There are plenty of cheap restaurants if your on a budget. If your a video poker fanatic like I, be sure to play at the bar area. Those bartenders do sure take care of you, consistently refilling my Coke & Jack :). . With that in mine, there are two things to avoid at the Stratosphere. 1. The Buffett (enough said?). 2. if your a low limit blackjack table, stay away. the $5 tables here pay 6-5 on BJ.
You definitely pay for what you get here. We just came for a night basically to cleanup and sleep. It was disappointing that the rooms were not kept up well and apparently we stayed in the renovated area. We were on the 8th floor which is right next to the pool so the whole floor smells like chlorine!!  It was hard to breath because of the strong scent.  The bath curtain had mold on it and some pink gunk. So gross!!!. When you stay u get free admission to the top of the stratosphere but not rides. They are definitely scary looking rides.. Easy check in and check out.
My boyfriend and I stayed there this weekend and had no issues.  It's definitely not the glitz and the glam of hotels on the strip but you get what you pay for here.  I couldn't get a hold of housekeeping to change out the feather pillows for a regular pillow because of my allergies but that was really the only issue that I had.  The rides are pricey but you get to the observation deck for free and discounts on the shows there.  I wouldn't say that I'll stay there again but it wasn't a horrible experience.. I will say that if you're looking for an ok hotel for a decent price, this is the place to be.  you will have to take a cab or the bus to the strip or you will be exhausted by the time you get to the beginning of the main part of the strip.  The fitness center needs some work and needs to be bigger.  All and all, it isn't horrible, at least for us, but I could see where others felt the way they feel.  You get what you pay for.
Stayed at stratosphere with my family. It was ok. Small room. Hard bed. Has all your basic amenities Check in was average. for a Saturday about 20mins. Our room was far. I think it was one of the last towers like 4 or 5 or something. There was no way to get to that tower quick no matter where you park. I suggest getting a bell hopper if you have a lot of luggage. Besides how far the hotel room is from the car I love the view. You get to go up the tower free. It is normally like 18 something a person to go to the top. More if you want to ride roller coasters. The view is great especially being at the end of the strip. But besides the top of the tower the hotel is just average.  I would recommend going to the top, but not staying at the hotel. There are just better places to stay on the strip for a similar price.
The hotel itself was underwhelming. The view we had was terrible, a parking garage and no view of the strip, although the other side may have had a better view. We didn't spend much time gambling so I don't have much to say about the casino.. . The top of the Stratosphere redeemed the entire stay. We only went on the Big Shot, but all of the rides looked really fun, and we had an awesome experience on the Big Shot! The view from the top is phenomenal, something I will never forget! If you are really crazy you can even bungee jump off the top! . . The "club" was again underwhelming... First of all its one tiny bar, no one was there and it wasn't blocked off from the general public. The fact that it is at the top of the Stratoshpere is cool but they need to not rely on the view and add some more appeal to the place.. . In short I think this is a wonderful attraction and offers the best view of Las Vegas, and a great place to have some adrenalin packed fun. However the hotel isn't great nor is the top that special minus the fact that the view is perfect.
First time here in Vegas. The hotel was decent. We initially reserved a king size with strip view. Somehow they gave our room away and didn't have another. The room they gave us had 2 queen beds and no view, and also had hair and dead skin all in the bed when we pulled the sheets back. We were disgusted and requested another room. They said they would send someone up to change bedding but we requested another room not knowing how filthy the rest of the room was. They then miraculously had the King bed room we initially requested. Nice place but I would'nt stay there again.
Stayed here on my recent Vegas Trip, and it the hotel was ok, nothing to write home about, but nothing terrible.  The resort fee is stupid, it should include internet, if it did, it'd be worth it.  The casino was fairly decent, the sportsbook was small but serviceable, I made some bets there and it was pretty easy.  I played some craps, which was ok except at one point the stickman didn't like how I was rolling, and would slam the stick in the middle of the table to try and change my roll.  That was ridiculous, so I colored up and left, and wouldn't play if he was there again.  That detracted from my stay, but all in all, not bad.  Add internet to the resort fee, and this wouldn't be half bad.
We stayed at the Stratosphere over Thanksgiving weekend this year. I had a "Select Tower" room. Guaranteed view, right. The select rooms are all updated/new. The room itself was very clean, the mattress was awesome. I don't normally sleep well in hotels, but I slept very well here. The walls are paper thin and you can pretty much here every word and cough of your neighbor, but luckily we had pretty quiet neighbors. . . So we checked in at night, and I had been guaranteed a view of the Vegas strip. When I looked out the window, I was totally disappointed. No strip. Because of the way the Stratosphere is situated in relation to the strip, there would be very few rooms that actually have a view of the strip. Most of them are more like partial view because the strip curves around, and the buildings in front of the Stratosphere block the view of the rest of the strip. So I was like...really?? That's it? HOWEVER, when we woke up in the morning, and opened the curtains, we were very pleased with the view because you could see the mountains, and it was quite lovely. Just not a spectacular lit-up night view, but mountain view--nice!. . We ate at the buffet while we were there. It was just okay. Not spectacular. They do have a carving station that offers prime rib, and that was good. Also had some nice salmon and sushi. But they stopped serving the sushi well before closing, so we only got a few pieces, and it was just okay sushi anyway. . . We had breakfast at Roxy's, and it was nice good diner style food. Plenty of it! We rolled out of there stuffed and satisfied. The server was super nice. . . The best points of the Stratosphere:. 1. If you are a guest at the hotel, you get free access to the top of the Stratosphere for the spectacular 360 view of Las Vegas. So fab!. . Oh. I guess I didn't have to number that list. Because that's basically it.. . The worst and the reason I'm only giving it three stars:. 1. No coffee maker in the room. ARE THEY KIDDING? I am guessing it's because there is a Starbuck's on the casino level and they are steering people there. That Starbuck's SUCKS by the way. LONG line all the time. I just wanted a cup filled with hot water and they charged me 75 cents. I took the cup back the next morning for a refill of hot water and they claimed they couldn't do it because of "health regulations." Really? Putting hot water in a cup is a health hazard??? Charged me another 75 cents. And I had to throw out a perfectly good cup from the previous day. Waste makes me sick. . . 2. The pool and hot tub (outdoor and not fancy or impressive at all) closes at FIVE. Because it "gets cold out there when the sun goes down." NO KIDDING. That's why I want to sit in the hot tub! Der. . 3. No mini fridge in the room.. . 4. No free wifi. Seriously? Even Motel 6 gives you free wifi! You can have highspeed internet while there FOR A PRICE. . . This hotel is at the far north of the strip, which is fine if you aren't into being at the center of action. But you will either have to walk a lot (which is probably a good idea because you are in Vegas and most likely pigging out and eating way too much), or drive. Driving down the strip is so nuts. It's like being in NYC. Rude honking drivers all up and down all over the place.
Great place to stay.  Only thing I didn't like about it was the location.  Other than that I would give it 4 stars.  The rooms are very nice, clean and smell really good.  The area is going to get better now that the New SLS Hotel and Casino is opening up right down the street.  I can't wait to test that place.
