We waited about 1 1/2 hrs on a Monday night for dinner ($50 per person; they stop letting people in at 10 pm but food gets refilled till 10:30 and stays out for long after) and by the time we got to the buffet.  Be prepared for a very long wait no matter what time of year/day.  . . I actually preferred the taste of the "cheaper" stuff; the risotto, pheasant, and corn cake were tastier to me than the raw seafood (king crab, seared tuna & scallop). Of the desserts, the macarons were surprisingly good and the caramel ice cream was perfect with chunks of candy bar mixed in. . . Overall I thought that it was ok; I'll be trying the Bellagio buffet next time, which I remember being better.
I really wanted to love this place as we stayed at the hotel (Encore) for this particular trip. The great thing was that it came included in our hotel package so we didn't have to think about the price, which would have been on the expensive end for buffets (Dinner was about $40 and breakfast about $20). We went to the dinner buffet twice and the breakfast buffet once as included in our stay package. That being said...PROS: I liked that there was a huge selection of food types and an even grander arrayof desserts. The crepes (dessert) made to order at dinner were great. Service was friendly . CONS: I was not overly impressed with any food item (except the crepes). Everything else was just ok. The shellfish selection was limited. I had my share of crab legs and small shrimp. They did not have oysters, at least during our week (end of Jan). The desserts looked better than they tasted. I walked away stuffed so its hard to really complain. Overall, I liked it but I didn't love it as I wanted to. I wasn't left feeling like I can't wait to go back again. Where as, I still can't wait to go back to the Bellagio Buffet at some point (haven't been in years though).
This buffet had already dropped off since my last visit. Had both breakfast and dinner this time. Artisan sausages and hash browns were gone. Sliders gone. Lamb chops at dinner were pretty good. Aria is just a little bit better.
Was good.  There weren't any dishes that made my toes curl, but it was satisfying.   Came with my employer's and husband.  We attended the Parker Chiropractic Seminar.   . . Saturday around 3pm.. there was about a 15 minute wait to get into the buffet.. although the line moved at a consistent pace.   Hmm.. what stood out.. not much.  The pasta's were nice and tender.. uhh.. not memorable.  The pancakes were okay.. IDK.   The food was average.  I don't even want to take too much time writing this because it was so mediocre. . . Cost for 4 without champagne was $127.  Will I be back?  Probably not, buffet is not my cup of tea.
ive been to my share of buffets, considering im a fatty and love food! truthfully the food wasnt that great. yes, the king crab legs and shrimp were delish but besides that there was nothing that caught my eye (or tummy!) the buffet lacks variety... which i feel is important at these types of buffets. the desserts were very nicely presented, and the seafood was fresh. the service was attentive but being a server myself i found it annoying that they would drop off 3 sodas at once... meaning everyone at the table (all 9 of us) would recieve 3 sodas each and i felt that they were being lazy and did that in order for them to not have to come back very often to clear the table. overall, an OK experience. no 'wow' factor involved.
Encore was running a new timer red card special.  Once you gamble $150 you received 2 free buffets.  I'm not much of a buffet person but for free you can't beat it.  . . The food was pretty good considering it was buffet.  To sit near the food it is very loud and crowded. I suggest sitting near the cashier to get a more quiet intimate setting.  . . the only reason why I gave it 3 stars it strictly because it was a buffet.  You can't really can't go wrong at the Wynn.
Came here for Sundays' dinner (2/13/11) and I'll bequite honest, I'm not much of a buffet type of girl. . . Give me my appetizer & course and I'm happy. However, when it comes to buffets, I leave full but not completely satisfied.. . So we wait in line its about 80 per couple. I was talked into this place since there WAS SUPPOSE to be a cheese selection (not just 2 different types of cheese's cut into cubes) I was expecting a massive cheese collection. (I LOVE CHEESE!!). . Not much of a selection just a little variety in each category.. . Their dessert section was good... but most the stuff there weren't the type I would like.. However, their creme burlee was awesome!!. . Our plates were mainly the meat and king crab legs... can't really say it was worth it.........
This review is on the brunch.  It's more a 3.5 star rating.  After reading all the rave reviews we were excited to try Wynn's brunch buffet for the first time.  I was left a bit underwhelmed.  Though I haven't been to Bellagio's brunch buffet for years I remember it to be better than my experience at the Wynn.  The presentation of the food and the selections were quite appealing, but when it came to taste I was left feeling as though I should have spent my well earned money elsewhere.  It wasn't bad but it just wasn't worth the time or money.
Great food, but waay over priced.  Rio is the way to go if you're on a tighter budget..
This place had better then average food compared to any of the other buffets that I have been to. My one grip was that normal chocolate was used for the crepes. Sorry, ever since I have been traveling to Europe, I can't have it any other way. Besides that the food and service were good.
WAITED AN HOUR.. and was pretty disappointed at the variety/selection for weekend brunch!. . Wynn buffet still gets a 3 stars because as far as BUFFETS go its decent.. but in terms of the expectations (especially since your paying around 35 bucks) it really doesn't succeed. . I think the best things I ate were probably the shrimp & leek dumpling from the dim sum section... the congee.....LOX ( i love smoked salmon).. shrimp cocktail...prime rib.... fresh fruit.. and the creme brulee!. . desserts were okay.. they've at least got gelato!. . our waiter was VERY unattentive .. i mean i know its a buffet but its vegas!. . HINT: GET IN for brunch price before 3:30pm and you will have more variety when they switch over to dinner while you are still inside!!! then they'll bring out crab legs & lamb! . (i was too full by the time they started switching so i couldn't reap the benefits!)
The experience was great. The ambiance is very inviting and the decor is very beautiful. The chairs are upholstered in foe- ostrich leather. BEAUTIFUL. . . As for the food I would recommend trying somewhere else. The hype of the Wynn had me' very excited, on the edge of my seat, and about to eat my foot because I was so hungry. I was thinking lavish large spread king and queen style of eating. But this experience was far from that. The food though tasty was minimal and for $37.48 I was expecting a lot more. I think that you could spend your money else where and you would be much happier. . . However, if you have a husband that dreads to eat crab cause he has to open it (as I do) this is a place to consider. It was very customer first to have it sliced in half. I love my husband so this is for you love.
BUYER BEWARE!  They now sandwich the 1 tray of king crab legs with 2 trays of snow crab legs.  For the novice and the unsuspecting, you can end up with a plate of the less expensive king crab cousins.
I have been to various buffets in Las Vegas and the Wynn's buffet more than once. Both times the service left something to be desired and food wasn't always replenished as quick as you would like. The dessert selection is beyond compare, but much of the other items tasted bland and were nothing special. If I was only judging based on dessert the Wynn would win, but food-wise Bellagio beats it by far.
This buffett is very nice,and the decor is great but this buffett has always been overrated.The quality food is good,but many items lack taste. Also most of the food items do not change from day to day.This buffett no longer offers lamb chops on fridays,it also no longer has ice cream,but gellano  that just doesn't have the rich taste that the ice cream had. Recently the drinks come in smaller glasses and the soup bowlsare maybe 1/3 the size that they once were.OK you can order say two glasses of milk and get two bowls of soup. They have also recently raised the price. I know people at the Wynn so I can pick up a comp once or twice a week so I shouldn't complain,but it seems like this buffett is going in the wrong direction.This is also a very expensive buffett around $36. now how can anyone eat that much to say its a good deal? Again this buffett with the price rates only 3 stars.. The Bellagio or the M buffetts cost a little less and are better..
This buffet is probably the best buffet in Vegas. There is a great selection and the cost is reasonable for being at Wynn. I have only gone for their brunch and always leave STUFFED! The lines are minimal during lunch and the food is probably just as good as dinner. The service is terrible, people are rude and honestly killed one star for me.
I am disappointed at this place. There were so many good reviews about it and are they all for dinner only?. I came here for lunch instead of dinner to avoid more damage to my waistline. They didn't have a lot of variety and they lack choices of fruits. I really like the smoked salmon and the beef though. I was super excited about the Gelato, but once again, it disappointed me. I don't think it was worth $27 for lunch. This is for lunch only though. May be dinner is A LOT better. I won't know unless I go back, and I am not planning to go back.. Don't get me wrong. Their food is still tasty; just not amazing :|
The Buffet at the Wynn used to be the prime place for those looking for some all-you-can-eat sustenance.  However, over the the years, its quality has slowly degraded in value.  There appears to be more misses than hits here, mainly in the meat and fish selections during dinner hours.  The prime rib was incredibly salty the last two times I was here, while the lobster had a strange mushy texture.. . Brunch seems to be a better time to eat here as the food appears fresher, especially the salad and pasta dishes.  In addition, the popular omelet bar opens up to the delight of many.  . . Despite its drop in quality, the buffet here at the Wynn is still better than most in Vegas.  The food is clean and the service, mainly the cashier, is friendly.
wynn brunch buffet, how disappointing!. . when traveling with asian parents, except a lot of buffeting (yea, i made it into a verb, dont hate). anyways, came here for brunch this past weekend, and i was so disappointed! . . the last time i was here, it was pretty delicious. whats happened since then?. . dont get me wrong, the food is decent. some of the it was even GOOD. but a lot of it wasnt that great. . . need an example? im a carnivore (rarr) and for me buffet is all about tucking away as many rare pieces of prime rib as i can. can you imagine my excitement as i got the rare ruby piece of prime rib? i was expecting tender, succulent, melt in your mouth beefiness. instead i just got a chewy tough piece of meat. it was like rib eye... from dennys. blech. . . so, while not everything was horrible, not everything was great. but, hey, what do you expect from a buffet? just cause it costs more doesnt mean its the best! if youve never had the wynn buffet before, id steer you elsewhere. try bellagio, or m resort. . . oh, and expect at least an hour long wait for weekend brunch! i got there around noon and didnt sit down until a little after 1.
Ate here 3 times and I would much prefer the Bellagio or M Buffet compared to Wynn.. . There's A LOT of selection and getting your food is an adventure. Did I mention the line? It's horrible if you get here late.. . Pro-tip if you want to save money: Get a very late lunch before they close and chill inside while they bring out dinner. It works and I've done it.. . I can't justify spending all that $$ but for the variety and selection, it is good but not the best.
It's a decent overall buffet.  But I think the with the high price you pay, I'd expect a little bit more.  Some of the desserts I've tried was not very good.  It tasted stale.  The service staff was very nice and friendly on a plus side!
After google told me top 10 buffet in vegas the #1 best buffet was wynn I had pretty high expectation. My friend and I decide to go there for dinner on sat. night. The atomosphere is beautiful, but the food is very disappointing. Maybe because I'm very picky, I don't find this place special at all (food). I'm not comparing the food to Cut by wolfgang puck 5 star restaurant, but compare to other buffets, I've experience better. The buffet at Wynn does have good quality food, but the way they cooked it, just ain't working for me. such as the texture of prime ribs, and the chicken is too dry, the dumpling crust is too hard (over cooked) etc. I liked there salad & desert.. their Creme brulee was amazing, especially with coffee& cream... I enjoyed salad, pineapple, orange, & deserts.  Other than that I didn't like anything.
Has Steve Wynn ate here recently?  I use to love this place and was one of the places to eat on every Vegas trip, but was disappointed this time around.. . The waiter was asleep or did not care.  Brought 3 out of 7 of our drinks and placed them in the wrong place.  Brought my hot water but no tea bag.  Didn't come once to give us refills.  I guess that's what happens when gratuity is already paid for.. . The Pad Thai was aweful.  Fish was dry.. . It's not THAT bad.  They do have shrimp, delicious yogurt parfait, the usual great selection of desserts.  But with the long wait and ~$40/person, I'd expect them to try their Pad Thai and dry fish before feeding it to us.  All of us felt unsatisfied.. . Try Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon.
I came here on a Sat night for dinner. I've been reading about this buffet as being as the ultimate buffet in Vegas, not to mention its constant comparison to the Bellagio buffet. Sadly, so sadly, bf and I were so disappointed with their food selection. I guess we should not have joined in so much on the hype. I mean, I even planned days to drive to Vegas just to eat here, I know, right.. . Anyways, here are some of the things I remember having:. -Crab legs, what's new.. -Shrimp tempura sushi and california rolls-- that's it! wtf? For 40 bucks a person, they should at least have some nigiri.They also had smoked salmon, which I'm not fan of. The rolls were typical buffet rolls, stale and weird.. -Naan and curry- these were good.. -Sea bass. -That's all I can rmbr. It was not that significant.. -No oysters for all you oyster lovers.. . For dessert, they had the typical.. gelato.. creme brulee.. cookies, etc. They didn't even have french macaroons! :(. . So basically, they did not have a great food selection. I loved Spice Market at PH, Paris' buffet and Studio B at The M 10x better than this place. Definitely will not be returning, especially at their ridiculous price of $40/person.
Came here last weekend on an R&R trip. I purposely didnt eat all day so I'd stock up on their good food. The atmosphere was really nice. It wasnt full of senior citizens like some buffets usually are. . . It was $45 per person for dinner which was fine. I thought the food selection was okay. Im a meat person and I didnt think there was a big meat selection. The sushi was great and tasted fresh as well as the shrimp. . . The desserts were so delicious and there was a huge selection of those. So if anything, come here just to try that. . . Overall, I thought it was a nice dinner but I'd rather go to Caesars Palace buffet where the food names are not that fancy and they have a greater selection of food.
Being a local you rarely visit the strip unless it is a special occasion. My friend's birthday was the just right occasion I needed to justify spending a tad over $50 (large party + tax)  for a buffet. ALRIGHTTTTTTT lets do this!. . Man.... talk about disappointment and I haven't been this disappointed since my 24 cents pay raise.. . The short:. . Good execution of common buffet items with sub par service.. . . Sorry, but if you're waiting in line for 20+ minutes for a $$$ buffet the last thing you want is a bitchy waitress.    . . The guy who took my group's drink order was rarely seen. First round of water took almost 10 minutes. My lemonade refills were nonexistent, although he did grab our plates in a timely fashion. . . The food is what really confused me. The Wynn is perceived to be one of the nicest casinos in all of Las Vegas which would lead one to assume that spending $50+ (I had gratuity/tax) you would get some premium items and feel upscale. Nope didn't get that feeling. Chicken noodle soup? Pizza? California rolls? Am I at the Wynn Buffet or Hometown buffet? . . Sure there were snow crab legs, prime rib, veal, dim sum, a pasta station, and a crepe station.. but come on, that isn't premium stuff. It isn't what one is to expect at a top tier casino like the Wynn. . . If you're not getting comped then save yourself a long wait and disappointment and head over to the M resort or Cosmopolitan for a more modern, friendly service, and lower priced buffet.
After every trip to vegas, i tell myself "no more buffet!" But i still haven't learned.  The selection here wasn't as good as i remember. I wouldn't pay how ever much it was for the just okay food.  I only went because i had a free voucher on my red card from playing the slots.  My friends and i came for lunch on a monday so there was no wait.  We paid the lunch price and because it was already 3:00pm, it rolled over to dinner service. (not so secret buffet trick that i'm sure many have used).  My friends like to sit for hours and try everything.  My favorite part is always dessert. I love the tiny little cakes and trying a scoop of every gelato flavor.  I probably wouldn't come back unless i won another free buffet or my friends were very insistent.  I only do buffets under certain circumstances. Otherwise, the food in general in most buffets aren't worth the price. NO MORE BUFFETS!  I'm getting old and my stomach is getting weak.
The following review is based on an early dinner visit to the Wynn Buffet:. . . FOOD:  3 stars. . My big complaint is a lack of variety.  . . Salad Station 3 stars. When I go to salad stations at most other quality buffets there is an assortment of different vegetables; here, there was only the garden salad mixed greens, some chopped cucumbers, carrots, tomatoes, and grilled chicken which I got from the Caesar salad area.   Yes, they have 3 different salads (Chinese chicken, Caesar, and garden salad), but I think buffets charging $35 a head need provide more variety than 3 vegetables and 4 dressings.  . . Seafood Station:  2 stars. Once again I was disappointed by the lack of variety.  I saw shrimp cocktail with lemons and cocktail sauce, crab legs, 3 types of sushi, some smoked salmon, but I didn't see any real variety.  I would have liked to have seen a wider selection of fish options but it just wasn't happening, at least not on this particular day.  . . Pasta Station 5 stars. . This is not something I've seen at any other buffet.  They have a station in which there is an actual chef who will cook a pasta dish with a good selection of vegetables and sauces.  The meat selection was limited to chicken, but chicken is fine with me.   There's other pre-made pastas, but I don't get why anybody would get something pre-made when they could have something made fresh.  . . Asian Station:  4 stars. They seemed to focus on Thai and Chinese dishes on this area.  The highlight was the chicken panang which was nice and spicy.  They didn't offer weak panang to cater to weak ass white people who can't handle spicy food.  That's right, I just relied on a stereotype in my review! . . Indian Station:  2 stars. . How can you have an Indian section without some form of curry?  I saw 4 food options which were all vegetarian based and some naan.  The only reason I'm giving the Indian section 2 stars was that the naan was surprisingly fresh and tasty, though nowhere nearly as good as real Indian naan.   . . Meat Station 4 stars. . Once again there was a lack of variety.  There were 2 meats when I went, leg of lamb and some prime rib.  The leg of lamb was flavorful, juicy, and tender.  I didn't bother with the prime rib because it looked very fatty and undercooked.  I later found out that you can have the meat guy grill your cut a bit more.  . . Dessert Station: 2 stars. . The crepe guy ruined this area for me.  I looked at all the pics by Yelpers of crepes and saw amazing creations, but my crepe guy was completely inept.  He made my chocolate crepe look like an oil spill and when I asked for a bit of cream he plopped a giant spoonful on my crepe.    . . I would have also liked some gelato, but the person running the gelato area was not present.  . . Additionally, Some of the desserts weren't labeled and I didn't want to get something I didn't like and have to waste food by throwing it away.  . . On the other hand, at least the dessert area had a whole lot of variety.  . . . SERVICE:  3 stars. . Our cashier was informative about the process and even gave us the scoop on the lunch to dinner transition.  The host was nice enough.  The waiter was a bit slow on the refills, which normally wouldn't be a big deal, but there are only 2 jobs for a buffet waiter - clean up plates and refill drinks.  . . AMBIANCE:  5 stars. . Ultimately I think the appeal of the Wynn buffet is how nice and new it is.  The entry area is beautifully decorated with these large fake fruit and flower arrangements.  There are a bunch of pics posted by other Yelpers.  . . CONCLUSION:. . The buffet is clean and beautiful, but I was disappointed by the lack of variety.
Had "brunch" w/o champagne on a Saturday.  $31.95.  Waited around 1/2 hour in the line.. . I was pretty impressed with the overall quality of the food.  Just about everything was of a better quality than I would normally associate with a buffet.  . . Frankly, I thought the variety was lacking.  With the exception of the desserts, I didn't think the overall offerings were anything special, as far as being "exciting" or different.  Pretty standard buffet fare. . . I expected more for $32.
We waited about 10 minutes for the VIP brunch (which is the typical brunch plus one cocktail). Its about $49 and change when tax is added in. We avoided a really long line so it was nice to get in quickly. If you indulge in this brunch buffet package, don't get the blood mary. The bloody mary at Wynn was about as confusing and unsatisfying as drinking hot tea in a swimming pool mid-August. Being southern, my expectations might be high, but since the bloody mary is one of the classic "hangover cocktails", I figured Wynn could get it slightly right. It's basically thin, sour tomato juice with vodka--no pepper, no spices. My friends ordered mimosas which they said were good, so order that instead! The coffee was actually pretty good though. . . Definitely try the prime rib with some creamy horseradish on the side. It's pink, tender, juicy--the horseradish adds some light zing. Great combo! I went back for seconds on that. The green beans were crunchy, lightly seasoned and buttery. Whatever you do, grab a cup of the fresh grapefruit with brown sugar and fresh mint chiffonade...excellent! I'm going to make that at home from now on! . . The dessert counter is very pretty---each dessert portion is a small work of art. As for flavor? Not so much. However, the coconut sorbet is a winner (for people who love coconut like I do). If I go back I'll definitely sample each of the various sorbet flavors instead of the other desserts. . . The shrimp cocktail was fresh but average. Nothing else other than the grapefruit, sorbet and prime rib blew me away. The dining area is average, but the entryway (decorated in bright blue hydrangeas) is gorgeous---as is the casino. Wynn is definitely a place to walk through atleast once if you don't stay, gamble and/or eat there.
Buffets should end with you smiling and patting your belly, after having unbuttoned your pants to fit in one last round. When u find yourself at your table sharing the same look with your friends: that blank stare out to nowhere, playing with your food and wondering why you didn't spend that 25 bucks on the Monopoly or Sex and the City slot machine or all red, you know u ain't happy. . What sucks is that, we came here as our last hurrah lunch before heading home, having eaten many delicious meals- we were pretty disappointed.. I should have listened to my gut feeling after seeing rates of this place dropping in their latest yelp reviews.  It wasn't unsavory looking as the lower end "buffet of buffets" buffets, but it certainly made me wonder what i would be getting if i spent that 40 bucks for dinner on a peak day. Would it be that much better? Or more of the same stuff... A whole station devoted to tortilla chips with only red and green salsa was a bit of a turnoff. . The dishes i did enjoy were some pork slider thing, leek dumpling, bacon, and hashbrown ball. They had a small selection of Thai and indian food which you dont' find everywhere- but they were ordinary.  What we found ourselves doing, was mixing up some of the dry dishes with the saucy items to make things more interesting... eating our cookies with the icecream or frosting off the cupcakes. The mini cupcakes were cute http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=uJVqblRmMmvsl3P6pkU_KA, frosting was ok, but i am not a huge fan of glitter on my cupcakes. but since we were in vegas, where glitter is a common accessory- i ate it anyways. Frosting was not bad!. Atleast it was very pretty in the atrium where we were seated!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=VIoLtKLPGWmd-H5HZBNDRQ. . Wicked spoon is still better and i need to go back to M Buffet, which i remember was pretty good a couple of years ago. . . *UPDATED PRICE INFO FOR BUFFET: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=IAjMHTukj1EFSbL6WILEgg
I was excited to return to The Buffet at the Wynn on Sunday with 7 other people. The last time was a year ago with my boyfriend and I had no complaints. This time however, there were a few hiccups.. . We arrived, paid, and informed the hostess that we were a party of 8. She told us we might not be able to sit together (what??). Then I noticed the hostess staple our receipts, 4 in one group, 4 in the other. Then we were shown to our tableS. Two tables, 10 feet apart for a party of 4. Uhh, that doesn't add up to me. The hostess didn't even attempt to seat us together.. . After we politely complained we were told if we wanted to sit together we needed to pay an automatic 18% gratuity to sit in a room that would accommodate us. Wait, but there was a table of 8 right in the middle of the two tables they tried to seat us at. How could we not be accommodated with everyone else? . . After a few words with the manager the seating was finally settled. We all were seated together at one table. There never should have been a problem with seating a party of 8 in the first place. . . When we finally got to eat the food was delicious, which is why I gave three stars. We were only able to get one refill on non-alcoholic beverages when the buffet was not even full. So, -1 for the hostess, -1 for trying to get 18% gratuity for horrible service.
I'd rate this higher but for the price/unappealing desserts I can go to the Bellagio instead and be happy.  It's worth eating here if you're staying at the Wynn and perhaps have some older folks traveling with you who can't walk around much.  I would not go out of my way to eat here again.  I'm a huge sweets person and it's not exactly hard to make some delicious desserts, right?  I don't think I enjoyed a single dessert at the Wynn.
Okay so I decided to pay for dinner her for me and someone else on a Friday night which cost me some serious $ but I took the risk anyways. I had really high expectations, and my experience here didn't really make me want to come back again.. . I thought the food was okay. The presentation, of course, was beautiful and the seating area is really extravagant and nice as well. Yes, there was prime rib and crab legs, but I didn't think there was anything special about either. . . The desserts were bad.
As far as the buffets go on the strip I think this one is one of the better ones. Service is good and so are the choices. I tried Bellagio, Paris and Wynn buffets on this trip and IMO Paris and Wynn were acceptable. Bellagio was just horrendous. I think there are better choices out there if you go to a proper restaurant but for buffets this one of the better one.
I'm not usually a buffet person, but this one is pretty grood.  Lots of choices (keep in mind, I went for breakfast so I wasn't looking for the lamb), and service was pretty decent.  Nothing too unusual or exciting which was sad, but definitely something for everyone.  Food isn't top quality, but it's a buffet so I wasn't expecting a whole lot.
The buffet was okay. I was expecting more. Even though they had a lot to choose from, I was still expecting a better selection of food. They hit  up all the different kinds of food, but it was lacking in quality. . . From premade salads to cheeses, to Indian, Asian, Mediterranean, to last but not least, seafood. I tried a few crab legs, but they were really dry to me. And I didn't want seconds of anything I got. What I was really excited for was their dessert area. So many desserts! Creme brulee, bread pudding, ice cream, all sorts of other little cakes and pies. I should have just gone straight to the sweets. :) . . I would not go back to this buffet again. And the waitresses have to wear some pretty ugly uniforms.
To me, this buffet is overrated. I think Bellagio has much better selections. The seafood selections are very limited. Basically, the only valuable item there was the king crab legs. Other items were just average. Chinese food there is atrocious!! Desserts were pretty good there. But for nearly $40 buffet in Vegas, I thought there are better options.
I guess I will be one of the few dissenters here. I went there for brunch and thought it was okay. Their waffles were way too dense and benedicts were unappetizing. The ceviche was overloaded with herbs and flavors so I couldn't distinguish the seafood. I was happy that they had prime rib and leg of lamb, both of which were good. The bread pudding was probably my favorite thing here. The best thing about the Buffet is the huge array of food, but that doesn't matter too much when you don't enjoy the majority of it.
Was the Best Buffet when they opened but now they are ok. . Went there on Sunday Brunch. . Paid bout 80$ for 2. Food was ok quality wasnt so good at it was. . Would nt go there on sunday. . We waited 40 min.
Since there are already a million reviews on The Buffet, I won't waste our time and will give you the bulletpoints:. . BAD:. - Food was good, but was nothing out of the ordinary in my opinion (this is not "fine dining"). - Dinner @ $45.95/ea ("Holiday Pricing" - for Memorial Day weekend). . GOOD:. - Good overall selection.. was satisfied with Meats selection. - Extensive dessert selection. . GOOD & BAD:. - $10/ea unlimited champagne and mimosas (dinner) - price is good, though refills were slow as molasses so I'm not sure that really constitutes as "unlimited". . I was a little surprised at the interior decor.. a little underwhelming for the Wynn. . . Bottom Line: At $121 for two, there are a lot better places for dinner in Vegas, especially with this "Holiday Pricing" on a Post Office holiday crap.. . For a better deal, try the buffet in Planet Hollywood. It is part of the Buffet of Buffets deal.
I've heard a lot about this place, but honestly, it was a disappointment.  I went in at 2:50, right before the cut-off for lunch, paid the lunch price and ate the dinner.  I asked the cashier what's the main difference between lunch and dinner and she said essentially the seafood.  Fordinner they have crab legs and cocktail shrimp.  They also switched in some lamb, baby veel and roast beef.  Everything else remained relatively the same.. . The good: smoked salon, pulled-pork on corn bread, freshly made crepes (but not very good), good selection of desserts, korean bbq glazed kobe beef are among the few that i enjoyed. . The bad: laking in the sushi department for sure.  Nothing like unagi (eel), sashimi (raw fish), hand rolls or anything like that.  It was also a lot smaller than some other ones, so obviously the variety is a lot smaller.  There was only one main cutting station for meat, and one on the side that served a fish dish).  . . Overall, spending $27 for the meal and getting lunch and dinner may be worth it, but spending $40 for dinner, NOT WORTH IT.  If you're looking for a dinner place, just keep moving until the Wynn is our of your sight!
The Wynn buffet was alright, nothing too special.  Though I must say, the king crab legs and prime rib were pretty good.  Everything else was mediocre and I wasn't too impressed by the overall dinner menu.  The desserts, however, are much better and there are so many to choose from!  The little gelato cups were super cute!  The creme brulee was a bit too sweet for my taste but tasty after i took off the top layer of melted sugar.  The cake that's made of spices (forgot what it's called) was kind of whack.  I took a bite and it was just WEIRD.  Other than that, I recall everything else being pretty decent and okay to eat.  The buffet itself was a two but I give the Wynn buffet a three because of the desserts.
Went to brunch with girlfriends. The food was delicious although very heavy on the breakfast side of brunch. I would've liked go see it more even. I say the M wins best Brunch. The staff was very friendly. I would like to go back for dinner and see how it measures up.
I wanted to try this, because it's always on top of the Vegas buffet lists online. We got there at around 12:30 Pm for lunch (horrible idea!). The line was long, and we waited for about 30 minutes before getting in. . . The inside was clean and spacious. I was disappointed with the food selection. There was a very small selection of seafood (although everything they had is fresh). I also didn't like the fact that the roast beef was cold. . . There was a decent selection of dessert. Iusually divide up my buffet stomach to 50% regular food and 50% dessert. While there was a selection of dessert to choose from, nothing sparked my interest. I was very disappointed.
I was disappointed in the buffet.  It was recommended to us by my wife's girlfriend who goes to Vegas regularly.  The sign said they have king crab.  I should has just walked in to take a look first because paying.  It was snow crab, not the advertised king crab.  They didn't have any other kind of shell fish other than the snow crab and shrimp for shrimp cocktail.  You would usually find some clams and mussels at a buffet in one of the main casinoes.  I don't know if Sunday night has anything to do with it, but they didn't have that many of the food you would expect from a $35 buffet.  The prime rib was decent but not over cooked.  The prime rib was the only meat they offered at the carving station.. . The only good thing from the buffet is the dessert.  Their creme brulee is very good and rivals that of a high end restaurant.  The "gelato" is very good.  I don't think it's really like gelato, but everything in Vegas is called gelato now.. . Definitely ask them to go in and take a look at the food offer before you commit your money.
Still one of the better buffets in town, but slipping. . . Impress with the pork loin and braised beef spare ribs. The sea bass over the mahi-mahi. Squash risotto over the gnocchi. I confess I got some of the watery crab legs as well but nothing special. Har gow, not really Chinese, if you know what I mean. Biggest disappointment was the carved meats. They lack flavor and tasted dried under the heating lamps. The dessert display was heaven for the GF. She liked the crepes and loved both the creme brulee and creme puff pastry. I liked the gelato. . . Service was decent but could have been more attentive. Wanted to show the guys a Vegas buffet. Also like many people, we were thinking we can save some money by eating here on a Friday night. Wrong. Don't make that assumption with any buffet on the Strip. . . Overall, in the buffet category, I believe this is still one of the better ones. But I wasn't satisfy on this trip as I was previously. Guess, you can't be on top forever.But still a worthwhile option.
I liked the ambiance of the buffet and the selection they had... but I don't know... I can't say I was fully satisfied especially with the price I had to pay (~$40 on a Sunday afternoon).. . They had quite a selection of foods of different cuisines all around the world. I was impressed because the food served are not usually what typical buffets have. But honestly there was not really one thing that stood out.. . I guess if anything stood out, it was the crab legs (I just love crab legs by default) and the desserts. I loved how they had gelato, creme brulee, and a crepe station. Those are the highlights for me.. . Would I go here again? Probably not. As my first real trip to Vegas I thought going to the Wynn buffet would be the ideal choice but I guess not. I would probably try the buffets at Bellagio or the Rio next time i'm in town.
I went super early for dinner here so there was no wait, but there was a long line as we were leaving. The restaurant has lots of seating, so I don't imagine the wait is too long.. . There's a nice salad bar, several different soups, antipasto selections, various buns and bread, pastas as well as a custom pasta station where the chefs make your pasta right in front of you. At the meat carving station, I believe each day they have different options. The day I went, it was turkey and prime rib. The prime rib was AMAZING. It was so tender, and done medium rare, just the way I like it. I had to go back for seconds, it was that good. . . There's a few selections of Indian cuisine as well as Chinese, sushi, and a chilled seafood section (of course, Alaskan king crab legs).. . The desserts are in an entirely different section, where it's like its own separate shop full o' sweet things.Gelato, cakes, baked goods, fresh fruit, and a crepe station.. . The rating is a little low because while the selection was great, the tastes of the food wasn't as great. The custom tom yum soup was super salty, the veal shortribs were a tad dry, and the stir fried Asian vegetables were absolutely soaked in oil and probably had more than its fair share of MSG. The desserts didn't get any better either: the red velvet cupcakes were dry, most of the cakes were way too sweet, and there was something off about the crepes. It could've been the chocolate sauce, or the strong taste of Pam that the chef used to make the crepe.. . Despite some of the lackluster food, I did enjoy the butternut squash risotto, the orecchiette with creamy pesto sauce, and of course, the prime rib (I'll be dreaming about it for months). The baked chocolate brownie was yummy despite the nuts, and the gelato was delicious.. . $40 for dinner is a pretty standard Vegas buffet price, and with the Wynn, the ingredients they use are not as common (or cheap) as what other hotel buffets offer, so it's a good deal. I just wasn't completely blown away by the food.
The wait for the buffet at 5:30pm was relatively short compared to the queue being full by the time we left. I really like the red and butterfly theme throughout the Wynn hotel, but was not so much a fan of the buffet's decor. There were bright and mismatched colors all over the place. Heck, the hosts wear pink suits! I wouldn't call it so much of an eyesore but I was just not a fan.. . The buffet line covered everything from asian and shellfish to american and italian, and can't forget desserts! The prime rib was very soft and tender. The best I have had in Vegas so far. The crab was cold and some were mushy. I prefer hot/steamed crab over cold crab. I liked the butter dispenser rather than pouring your own. Not a fan of the dessert selection. There was a crepe station but I did not like it. I can't believe they don't have bananas for the crepes! They also have gelato in addition to their cute desserts in the little cups. I liked the warm brownies and creme brule.. . Overall, it was just okay for me. Nothing spectacular stood out and it is a bit pricey for what you get.
For $36 per person on Sat night, and being rated the #1 buffet in Vegas, we expected more seafood selection than just cold king crab legs and maki, there is no sushi or sashimi to our disappointment. The selection is poorer than Todai buffet. The deserts are all great though to their pastry chief's credit!
Buffets are here to just make you full, they aren't here to serve super fine dining, just there tosupply you with as much food as possible.. The price was about 42 bux  per person for dinner, add 18% for a big party, so about 49 bux total each, damn, there better be a wide selection of good eats. . So I grab my plate and immediately go to the prime rib because everyone is raving about it, grab some green beans, some crab legs, head back and dig in. The prime rib was actually pretty good minus the crazy amount of salt on the sides, the green beans were pretty good but I just kept going back to the crab legs. Had to get my moneys worth from that thing. The seabass was pretty good and I forgot the other fish, but that was pretty good too. . Grab some ice cream on the way out, some deserts were just bad, some were pretty decent.. I didn't get to try everything because a lot of it didn't look appealing, but overall it was pretty decent, although the service seemed slow with the drinks, why these buffets don't just add a fountain drink machine is weird.
Wow, I must say I was really looking forward to this place, and it was a bit of a disappointment. I guess I'm just not really into buffets like I used to be. . . Here's the deal: you pay $40 for decent decor, a wide selection of food, and an excellent desert bar. . . You also pay $40 for TERRIBLE service, and food that ranges from decent to kinda iffy. I swear, maybe I'm getting picky in my old age, but nothing here stood out for me. Everything was ok, a couple of the things were pretty good, but for $40 in Vegas I want something amazing. Eh, but maybe I'm overshooting what's possible. Vegas is all style and no substance, and for me that is summed up pretty well with this buffet. . . My biggest complaint would be the service. We were almost done with our first plates of food when they finally brought us our drinks, and the dirty plates stayed on the table long after we had new ones. Seriously, a cheap-ass Chinese or Indian buffet for $9.99 has better service then this place. I guess that's why they make you pay first! . . The only thing that stood out here was the gelatto, which I can honestly say is the best I've had since I've been in Italy. But, as good as it was, not  worth the price of admission.
I'm a BUFFet guy. I flex my muscles with my fork and knife. This is why I bust my ass off in the gym. To lose all this weight just so I can put it back on after eating like a fatty. That's how I do!. .  The words ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT excites me. Like an ice cream truck excites kids. Like the Comic Con excites all the nerds. Like Viagra excites the impotent. Yes, AYCE gets me hard..... . Hard on the wallet. This place is about $40 bucks for the Brunch price. Dinner price is a little more. They start putting dinner items out at 3pm. We came in at 230, paid the Brunch price and stayed for the dinner items. This means I ate bacon, omelettes, sausage, more bacon, eggs benedict, and crab legs! . . I honestly ate more breakfast items than dinner items. I love me some breakfast and thereis something about their eggs benedict that kept me coming for more. . . They also have a great selection of desserts.. . This place won me over the first time I ate here.  It was like my first time having sex, so many things to explore, new tastes, plenty to grab, it was AMAZING.. . Now this place is just ok. I wish I popped some Viagra before I ate here just so I can relive that excitement.. . . The End. Nothing Hard about writing this review.
so they weren't serving king crab legs when we went...they had alaskan crab legs instead which weren't as big but delicious nonetheless...their prime rib is good but nothing to rave about tho that and the leg of lamb have their own carving stations...still nothing here really stood out...there's a huge variety of food and an abundance of desserts along with a great display of cakes....tho for the $$ i expected the food to be better...also there is an added gratuity for parties of 8 or more. . bottomless mimosa & champagne $10...servers were quick with refills and very friendly
The Buffet @ Wynn really really disappointed me... . So much anticipation was built from having good luck on the slots prior to waiting in the 1 hour line.. . They had cheese and crackers that were taking up space!  . Their sushi station had 3 kinds of cut rolls that I didn't even go near. . The only section worth exploring was the desserts. . . My new theory on buffets: Just because the hotel is nice doesn't mean their buffet is good.
After eating at the Bellagio buffet for many yeas, I honestly was not very impressed with the Wynn buffet. Although it is definitely the most beautiful looking buffet in Vegas (i.e. the setting), the food was not knock out like one would expect the Wynn to be. The entrees just weren't that impressive. . . Gorgeous setting, but the food falls flat. It's at the end of the strip and not worth the trek.
3.5. . Tasty but pricey.  Maybe it's a better deal during breakfast lunch or brunch?  I enjoyed the crepes for dessert.  Actually, the whole dessert section was well stocked.
I have to give an average review of this place because overall this buffet is not a good experience.. . The main drawback of this buffet is definitely the wait on the weekends.  I went here last Sunday for lunch with my girlfriend and we waited for probably 1.5 hours.  Another demoralizing thing about the wait is that the Wynn tries to get you to pay an extra $12 more for the "VIP" line to skip the regular line.  While I understand the need to generate extra revenue, this has the effect of demoralizing the customers in the normal line.  I won't come back just because of this.  I hope whatever finance or operations guy they have there has done the calculations on excel to justify this attempt at padding their revenues. . . The second big drawback of this buffet is the price.  Sunday lunch was over $30 which is way too expensive for the variety of food they had that day.  While I still think the food is high quality, they didn't have enough expensive items to justify that type of pricing.. . Overall, the price and the long wait deter me from wanting to eat here again.  This is one of those places that if you are in Vegas for the first time, you might want to try it.  Other than that, don't waste your time or money.
mm, the wynn buffet!. . i used to love this place! it's still not a bad place to go but the food leaves a lot to be desired. lot's selection and lot's of good things but nothing that blows my mind.. . i went for lunch my last two visits and have always left satisfied and pleased but never left wowed. . . the wynn is not a bad buffet but it is not the best -- you have to try cosmo's wicked spoon. it's probably the best buffet in vegas right now.
I remember the good old days of the Wynn buffet when you could get Kobe sliders and King crab legs.  What do they have in place of these items now?: tortilla chips and Alaskan crab legs with a fancy sounding name but below average flavor.  This used to be the 5 star top of my list buffet pre Steve Wynn's vegan transition.  Now, there are a lot of vegan/veggie offerings which maybe cost more so quality of standard items went down.  The other thing is, the buffet cost hasn't gone up too much so I guess they have lowered food quality to avoid charging more.. . The good: the prime rib was great, as was the creme brulee.  I thought the vegan chocolate chip cookies were very good but other members of my party didn't like them.. . Maybe I'm just becoming a food snob...
Came back one year since the first time and must say, I'm a bit disappointed. I guess I was expecting more? Crab legs were still there, still good, still had your basic buffet selection... but something was missing. I prepared all day to eat here, and nothing hurts more than a disappointed stomach. Sorry Wynn.
I'm sure they have our pictures hanging up on the "Do Not Allow to Enter" wall of shame.  We tore up that buffet and definitely got our moneys worth or shrimp and crab legs!!!  . . They had a lot of good Italian and American dishes too, the desserts were lacking.  I was hoping for a rich chocolate cake or a variety of cheesecakes.  . . It's a buffet, no more special than any other high end casino on the strip.. . The lunch and dinner transition was weird and kind of a rip-off.  We got there at the end of lunch and were not allowed to enter, instead they lined up all the people like cattle and make them wait over half an hour to be able to charge us the dinner price!!!  Not COOL!!!  I recommend getting there one hour before the dinner starts to enjoy the entire buffet at lunch price
While the food at Wynn's lunch buffet was generally good, the unappealing decor, lackluster service, higher price, and lack of many standout dishes preclude it from being at the top of the nicer buffets on the Strip.. . The buffet had some good dishes, such as the sea bass, mahi mahi, flank steak, fruit salad, and bread pudding (which was the standout dish for me!), but some of the other dishes were less tasty, such as the brisket, potstickers, all of the seafood ceviches, and most of the rest of the desserts. I didnt try the pizza's but they looked sort of greasy and boring. I think the second time up I was having a bit of a hard time finding more food I wanted to eat, and ended up with a lot of salad. . . The service was not that friendly; the server's actions and demeanor made it pretty clear she didnt care. We were having mimosas but she refilled them with just champagne, and then brought over a cup of OJ and had us mix it ourselves. So yeah, not really much effort. . . The decor of the place is oddly unappealing for such a buffet. The entrance is gorgeous: light coming through opaque glass,  lots of flowers, very summery looking. But that is just a small area ... almost everyone will get seating in the gross inside area, with puke green walls, gross carpets, no flowers or (fake) sunlight. Just not the decor you imagine when you walk in, and it really doesn't evoke any feeling of relaxed luxury. Just puke green walls. . . The price here for lunch is also steep: $26/pp with no drinks. Relative to the Wicked Spoon (Cosmopolitan Buffet) at $23/pp with one drink, its a bit pricier and not as good.
Be prepared to wait in line for over an hour unless you want to pay "VIP" and cut the line... just saying.
Mehh I've been to better buffets at 40 a pop. While the selection was great and there was good variety, I felt the food overall was a bit bland and ordinary. For instance, the prime rib was much too overcooked. . . Perhaps my average experience at Wynn's was due to the fact that  we went right before the 'dinner' time slot, but for now, as far as Vegas buffets go, I still prefer the buffet at Caesar's.. . I'll probably be back since the Wynn buffet is so highly regarded among my friends, so hopefully my experience will change for the better.
Way over-rated! I paid $40 expecting the best buffet ever due to all these rave reviews from Yelp, however, once I was able to look at what they were serving, I was in disbelief! It was as common as the other buffets in Vegas. Nothing spectacular nor is there anything the stood out or super tasty.  I was done after a plate. It was just OK but way too expensive for what they were serving. Wicked Spoon is the best and Bellagio comes in second.
Weekend lunch I think is a bit overpriced and the food is not top notch. Some food you could taste a bit generic. I don't really remember anything that really special. I expected better since many people recommend this buffet. The desserts are pretty good though but it's not worth the $40 that you pay. I've tasted better buffets in the strip
The foods just okay, not as the good as the reviews. The best session is the desserts, many choices.
was here over the weekend for dinner.  have not had a buffet in vegas for many years but finally gave in and tried the Wynn.  $45 including tax and tip for dinner in vegas is a fair deal.  prime rib was very tender and my favorite dish.  had a few lamb lollipops also which was cooked perfectly but the seasoning on it was not my favorite for lamb.  it left an orange oily film on my plate.  the asian food selection was pretty good also but the sushi selection was lacking.  only a few roll selections and no sashimi.  for $45, i expected some faw fish.  the crab legs were not king crab.  it was tasty but skinny long legs were not as meaty as i like.  i like the big chunks u get from king crab.  there was a large selection of dessert but not outstanding.  i tried 5 different things and the best was a basic gelato.  very refreshing for an end to the meal.  the Buffet at Wynn is worth a try but it was not good enuf for a return visit.
This rating is for the value.  Sure if you eat only plates of crab legs and prime rib, it may be worth the $37 for a weekday dinner.  Other than those, nothing besides the desserts stood out.  Nice selection of salads, make your own pasta station, various seafood dishes, carving station with prime rib and turkey, a few dim sum dishes, lame sushi rolls, and lox and crab legs.  The quality isn't bad but the price is too high for what you get.  The sushi rolls were small and they had eel, salmon, veggie, shrimp tempura, and california.  Seriously for an asian themed hotel/restaurant, they should make better and more creative sushi rolls and at $37, there's really no excuse for lame sushi rolls.  Desserts were the best part of the meal.  Warm bread pudding, gelatos, the molten chocolate cake like "brownie"  Thank goodness for their desserts or else this place is really a two star for what you pay for.
Downhill.... . . We make the Wynn Buffet one of our highlight evenings every trip and have done so manytimes a year for last few years.  I have always felt great in recommending Wynn Buffet as the place to go for King Crab, huge fresh shrimp, fresh carved turkey and unique game.  The pasta and wok stations are great and the desserts are top notch.  But....no more.. . We were amazed that there was no line at dinner time.  We walked directly to the cashier and wondered if they were closed.  Word must have gotten out.  The crab is snow crab, ok times are tough.  But you can serve cold king crab and dip it in hot butter.  But ice cold snow crab?  Add to this the shrimp is now about 30ct vs. the 22 ct size they had prior (about 1/3 smaller).  Even if small that would be ok but these were not fresh they were just wet and soft.  . . Some of the unique dishes are just MIA such as leek cakes.  There are almost no beef dishes other than prime rib.  They used to have venison or game and that is just gone and the dishes they do have suffer the indignity of poor rotation as I never expected at The Wynn.. . On the plus, the desserts are still the best.  The warm brownie is fantastic.  They have a crepe station and do creme breuille.  Also we had excellent service though others have issues in this area we always have had great service.  And, I suppose you could say it is a plus...there is no line...and I suspect it will stay that way.
Came here with a group of my friends for dinner and was disappointed. I will not listen to a certain someone in this groups when it comes to picking a place to eat. Little did I know she keep raving about how good this place was, but in reality, most of us complain how much it sucks. I was glade we did not come with her and her bf on another food night out the next day to get prime ribs, instead we went to this Italian restaurant which I suggested and I think that was the best meal we had in Vegas with the five of us that night.. . Anyway, back to my review of Wynn. I have to say their quality was decent and the food was bland. Although the food display look nice, it did not go down my throat smoothly. I do not think I will waste $42 on something that is not worth eating.
I didn't really feel like a  buffet, but the dinner buffet was pretty good. The crab legs, prime rib, and different sorts of selection was good.  I didn't like how the crab legs were split in half and they never put too much crabs out.. . Dessert was good, but I wouldn't say this is the best buffet. I had better.
I was disappointed in their madeleines, too spongy and no taste. Waffle was dry even after being drenched in syrup. Cheese selection was not as extensive as I'd hoped. Prime rib flavourful, creamy horseradish was too creamy (no zip at all.) Streaky bacon was crisp even after sitting out. The croissants tasted like the pre-proofed ones I get from Trader Joes. Omelettes perfectly cooked. Dulce de leche dessert was good, took me a few spoonfuls before I came to that conclusion. Chocolate cake bittersweet. Cream puff good nice creamy. Raspberry cheesecake, white chocolate dipped marshmallow and red velvet mini cupcake all "Meh." Gelato was the Bomb! I liked the chocolate but the White Espresso made my day.
there was no line. we came at 2:45 and there was no line but since the wynn is at the far end of the strip, its expected. its probably the priciest of all of the buffets. . . there was a large selection and different stations. seafood, italian, asian, american, mexican, salad, cheese/craker/meats, soup, and fruit station. and a room just for desserts. the menu options was unique and gourmet. the bass and ceviche fish was very tender and had great flavor. the crab legs were a little under seasoned...but i loved how they already cut the legs in half, taking out the grunt work of eating a crab leg. there was a large selection for vegetarians.. . it was good, but for that price....i expected better. nothing really stood out as amazing that would make me come back.
Shrug... maybe I am not the best person to review a buffet because I never really do it justice. For $40 dollars I don't think this buffet is really worth it (probably because I am not a big fan of the snow crab legs). . . However, I did think the Lamb was done really well, it was surprisingly spicy and very moist. Other highlights from my meal included this spicy tomato and sausage pasta that they provided. As for the desserts I was not really wowed by anything but I did enjoy the creme brulee. The service there is decent, so the overall experience is decent at best.. . If you get there and the wait is more than an hour I would definitely suggest checking out one of the many other restaurants in Vegas.... well that is unless you can really pack it away, in which case, wait and feast to your hearts content or the limit of your waistline.
I had declared this the best buffet in Las Vegas, but I was a little disappointed because I remember it being better the last time I visited, about two years ago.. . My friends and I came here for lunch on Saturday, so we paid the weekend buffet price. The line was really long, so we each paid an extra $12 to get to the front of the line. This is worth it if you're hungry, and it includes a mimosa too. We were seated in no time, and we would've likely waited over an hour in the regular line. So far, so good.. . The brunch options were not extensive. There was an omelet station, and your standard brunch fare: eggs, bacon, waffles, seasonal fruit, etc. There was hardly any seafood, aside from some smoked salmon and shrimp cocktail. The weren't even crab legs in sight. I would've liked more gourmet offerings, especially considering it was a weekend and I paid close to $50. There wasn't really anything memorable. I probably enjoyed the desserts more than anything else.
This used to be my favorite brunch buffet, but it has since gone downhill. Wait is still about the same for brunch, approx. 1hr. They no longer carry king crab legs and the quality of the food isnt as good as it used to be. They attempt fancy foods, but they're mostly bland or lacked something. Nothing stood out and i tried about 75% of food that was out. Big disappointment and a waste of time and money. At this point, none of the higher end buffets are worth it. I guess i'll be sticking with green valley, m, or rio. Sorry Mr. Wynn but i'll be taking my appetite elsewhere.
I usually avoid buffet places because buffet for me = binge eating festivities and I don't like seafood. But this time because I went with the family (and they're seafood maniac), I must go with the flow otherwise I'll end up eating cup noodle alone in the hotel room. Plus, the meal was comp ( I think usually around $40?) so I don't see why not...right?. . We didn't have to deal with the wait since the meal was complimentary. But based on what I saw I'm pretty sure it would've take at least a good half 45 minutes just to wait in the line and get seated. I'm not sure if Saturday night during the holiday season has anything to do with the really lond wait but yeah..I guess you'll have quite some time to work on the appetite.... . Service was a-ok not much you need get from the server besides the drinks anyway. Food is great despite of my personal liking the family seem happy eating all the giant crab and shrimp. I didn't enjoy the food as much as others but I do get the money worth by loading on the desserts. Although they all might look appealing but in terms of taste I think I've had better. . . I've been to this buffet place a few times and pretty much I see the same food over and over. To me, I wouldn't eat here if the family don't gamble and get the complimentary here all the time. It's Vegas and the choices for food are rather endless.
My first visit in Vegas... and the first thing I think of is buffets. Massive buffets and great quality food. Wynn buffet was a let down. The dessert area... was where all the anticipation. BIG LET DOWN! . . 1) Expect a long line! Everyone and their mommas is there. 1-2 hours wait.. 2) About 35$. 3) The desserts were bland. 4) Average food. 5) The only thing I like was the green pea risotto . . Service was great, but we were seated far from the buffet. Getting to the buffet was like a maze.
So I had this listed under my bookmarks under "Best Buffet in Vegas". Guess that's gonna change.... . Although I'm the family member who is most willing to go out anywhere, my sister would follow only on the condition that she would go back to the Wynn Buffet. I wouldn't blame her, as on the last visit she devoured those legs of lamb by the handful. We're talking about the person who doesn't eat pork, prefers not to eat red meat and would rather stick to seafood. On the last family visit to Vegas, she kept on pestering me about coming back. Doesn't help that she's 1 year away from 21.. . We checked in our hotel and out of curiosity, called the number to determine the wait time. "2 hours" as of 2pm Thanksgiving Day.. Me: Uh guys, we better start falling in line if we're gonna eat by 5.. . When the family got to the buffet line, we noticed that it looped around once ending at the "Mojitos" sign nearby. It only got worse. Turns out there were 2 lines, a line to GET in the line and the actual line. Luckily, the pre-line only took about 30ish minutes. When we got to the end of the pre-line, we had an option to wait in line, or skip to the VIP line, which would only shorten our line by 20 minutes (but we get a free drink), but it would cost an additional $15/person. The Thanksgiving dinner was already $45ish/person. My sister timed the entire line wait to be about 2 hours and 30ish minutes, compared to the last visit was around 45ish minutes.. . The dining area is very clean, on par with sit-down restaurant standards, which is saying a lot for buffets, as they usually are not.  Lots of use of floral imagery and pastels all around. We were promptly asked for our drinks. This can also be said where the food is being served. Presentation is superb for buffet food and the areas are also kept clean. The areas are segregated by type of foods, from seafoods to meats to salads. . . Right away the family went straight for the king crab legs and the rack of lamb. When I tasted the rack of lamb it wasn't the taste that I remembered, something was a bit off. I guess it wasn't as savory. My sister agreed, but still ate it anyway. At one point I was even enjoying my mashed potatoes more than that. I also got the prime rib, tastes like what I would get at a Black Angus as opposed to a real sit down place.. . The tom yum soup was too watery and didn't have enough vegetables.. The pasta section was too rich for me to eat it all.. . The dessert section is the nicest section of them all, a huge selection of desserts. Their warm brownie is excellent, hot and moist, went well with the vanilla gelato. Their creme brulee, was bland. A good creme brulee is supposed to have a deep custard base, I felt as if I was eating more of the sugar than custard. Bread pudding was pretty good, warm and stiff. . . Funniest part about the experience was that my sister and brother got those candied apples. It was too hard for them to directly bite into it, so they kept on tapping it with a fork. My sister got tired of it, so my brother kept on continually whacking at it for a good 10 minutes. Finally, the candied apple broke and ate it, said "Meh". and set it alongside the food to be taken away. . . And so I iterate this advice to all: For the money you could be spending on a nice buffet ($40ish/person), spend it on a nice sit-down restaurant.
This review is going to be an average for all the times i've been to The Buffet (probably 3 times total?).. . The first two times i went for dinner i thought it was good...probably tied with the bellagio buffet as being the best in vegas at the time.. . Then i went there recently for brunch...and thank god it was comped or i would have been pissed.   First of all if it's a 31 dollar brunch I expect at least snow crab legs if not king crab.   I mean that's just how buffets work!. . The service was awful and realistically you could probably go to any of the 20 dollar buffets and get the same quality + items (and save yourself 11 bucks)
Overrated.  overpriced. . . Not much to say b/c its so overrated.   Why talk about overrated things?   It will only give you unreasonable expectations and set you up to become disappointed.     . . My dumpy friend hyped this buffet up for me and I was let down.  I'm not even going to write about Wynn buffet b/c it's not worth wasting my time.   It's not bad and it's not that great.   It's Overrated.  . . Peace
Is it just me or has the quality of the buffet gone down?  I've been here when Wynn opened not too long ago and their food was top quality.  Their desserts were excellent and they provided a wide variety of foods to eat.  However, I visited here recently and felt that many of the foods there weren't as good as before.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed eating the snow crab legs, shrimp cocktail, etc. but for $40, you'd expect the quality to remain somewhat the same.  I also noticed that there weren't that many people eating here, even during prime dinner hours.  I waited only 20 minutes and the line didn't even come close to forming outside of the buffet.. . I still like this buffet very much but next time, I may end up just going to Planet Hollywood or Bellagio instead.
Super long wait (expect to wait an average of 2 hours).  More costly than most Vegas buffets.  Great selection of desserts (including gelato, crepes, creme brulee, and cakes galore), and many different types of cuisine but nothing super amazing in quality or taste.  My mom enjoyed the lobster bisque and my uncle liked the grilled pork, which was super fatty so not for me but I know it adds extra flavor.  Overall, I found dinner wasn't worth the price.
What they do have is solid. What they lacked seriously disappointed me. I wish I'd have known about the VIP line where I paid $12 extra and didn't have to deal with the 2.5+ hr line but did get bottomless champagne... Holiday price =$50. My highlights of the night was getting seated and the leg of lamb (ask for it grilled!). They didn't have a selection of sashimi or real sushi and their Alaskan king crab legs were precut and cold. Their Prime Rib was solid but doesn't everyone have that? Nice atmosphere. The waiter was polite and helpful. No more visits from me here...
I'd give it two stars if it wasn't for the fact that we had our meals comped due to points racked up on the slot machines.  The entry into the place is horrible.  After meandering around a roped line, you have to pay at one of four open registers.  Problem is that there are two on each side, so if you go to the one closest to the part of the line you are standing at, someone else goes to the one beyond yours and potentially ends up in line to enter the restaurant before you.  . . It's so disorganized just to get through the cashier line and is so congested with people that by the time you are seated, it feels like you've already been through an adventure.  . . The food was ok, not worth whatever it would have cost to pay full price.  As much as I try to like other buffets, Bellagio and the M Resort are my tops.  While the Wynn was a winner at slots, it was a loser at the buffet, other than desserts.
For around $40 a person I expected a bit more care when preparing the proteins offered. All of the fish preparations were overcooked. The lamb was a bit too gamey as well. . . The baked goods looked fantastic and the options seemed to be unlimited. . . The pouched eggs were overcooked as well, but the bacon & sausage were very good. . . They offer several ceviche including a vegetarian option. They also have sushi, but I did not try any of them.
It really is NOT worth $50 per person for dinner. The selection was nice, but nothing special... the snow crab legs were cold as hell... so cold that I had to take a break from eating because my fingers were frozen from eating them. The good thing about the snow crab legs were that they cut it in half for you so you don't have to break the shell open to get to the meat, so it saves you a lot of time. The main attraction at this buffet has to be the dessert. They have many desserts to choose from and they all look appetizing. But overall, I don't think I would come back here if I go to Vegas again. It's just not worth the price.
Came in at 10:30 so we paid for the breakfast price, but as everyone knows lunch is served at 11. We didn't plan this, it just kind of worked out that way. HAHA. I must say the decor of this buffet is AMAZING. The main hall is filled with flowers as if you're in a conservatory. Very pretty and even if the flowers are articifial it still looks really classy. Although we didn't get a table in the floral hall because it was full, we seated at the side rooms which is just normal decor. Okay so there's a lot of hype for the fancier casino's buffets like Wynn, Bellagio, and Venetian. Although the food was good, it didn't live up to the expectations I had. Maybe because a majority of my experiencewas from breakfast food, but the lunch food did look pretty good from what I remembered. I was full off the breakfast food so I only had half a plate of lunch food. I had smoked salmon with cream cheese and capers, which always a nice compliment to breakfast. I was hoping for fresh waffle/pancake station, but they were already premade and soggy. I ate them anyway with strawberry compote. Loved the compote, but I guess you can't really mess that up. For lunch items I tried the mashed potatoes, which were presented nice and I think they puree it. I also tried the corn flake chicken, good but too greasey.  Overall, I would still go to Studyio B Buffet at the M resort- I don't think anyone can ever top them.
Quite a selection, very tasty thin crust pizza.  The rest of the food was allright, nothing really that special.  The candy apples looked tasty though.  No crab legs for brunch on the weekend, so not worth the $31 pricetag.
It's mass produced food.  It's going to be decent or worse...never mind blowing good.  It's just how I feel...cruise buffets, casino buffets, asian buffets....the most any buffet would get out of me so far is 3.5.  This is a solid 3.  I came here on Chinese New Year.  My friend had heaped praises on this particular menu, so I decided to give it a try.  We happened to arrive near the end of lunch, and so got a better deal for our dinner.  The lunch was not all that memorable.  The food was all very solid.  I enjoyed the lox.  The candy apple, though indeed very pretty, was not that great.  Neither were the madeleines.  None of the other desserts were outstanding.  The dinner didn't seem very asian-ified to me.  It was more like they threw in a few asian dishes to their normal fare.  I think that this buffet is comparable to the Bellagio's and better than Paris Casino's buffet.  The M Casino buffet better suits my taste.  There were many items there that I thought were good.
for $40 dinner, I was expecting some high-quality food. Instead, I got really dry brisket, mediocre salmon, cheap asian food, and low-variety of side dishes. The prime rib was acually pretty good compared to the rest of the buffet, but since I had to use a BUTTER KNIFE (no knives here, guys. you're going to have to do some manual labor to eat your food.), I was a bit exhausted after my first plate. . . They have a fairly small desert section, was was also disappointing. Their white expresso gelato was probably my favorite thing that night!
No Alaskan King crab! $31.95 for brunch. We came in at the tail end of brunch and stayed for dinner. Paid 31.95 instead of the dinner price, which was probably close to $40. Don't know why more people don't do this.. . All the stuff looked and sounded delicious and expensive, but it was far from it.  The desserts all looked really good, but I was so full from not enjoying any of the main dishes that I couldn't really eat anymore.  So disappointing.
*** This review is for breakfast ONLY ***. . We ate breakfast here one morning and the only thing that made it worth it was that if you ordered from room service at Encore everything was over the $20 price that the buffet cost.. The food wasn't much better than eating at Denny's.. I will give them one thing though, there was a lot to choose from.
Pros:. +Outstanding dessert bar (has like 20 delicious items). +Decent selection. +Vegan friendly food available. +Friendly service. . Cons:. -Not much for vegetarians. -I expected more selection (eg: Italian pastas were missing, poor fruit selection) given the price (over 30 bucks a person for lunch). . Overall:. Good buffet but overpriced.
This is the best buffet argued by many in Las Vegas.  The food is mediocre and he line during peak hours can be lengthy.
Price range from $20 for breakfast, $30 for lunch, $40 for dinner, that's just me rounding it up:)  Went there for dinner. Food wasn't anything different from any other buffet. But the customer service was great from the whole staff. I was impressed by the service more than the food.
We came to this buffet right after they turned over to their dinner menu this past Saturday and paid the steep $39.99 to enter. We paid an additional $10 for the all you can drink champagne special too bringing the bill per person close to $55. . . The buffet here is laid out under the Wynn's beautiful flower balls and has stations themed around different foods. There is a salad station, Asian station, Indian, seafood, and lots of others. The best items on the buffet menu were the oyster rockafellar, the crab legs, the lamb (especially with the mint jelly), and the shrimp. Everything else was pretty standard, not too good and not too bad. I would actively avoid their sushi.. . On the desert menu, they had candied apples, and a make your own crepe station which had multiple great fillings and house made whipped cream. Exciting!. . I would strongly suggest coming in during the brunch/lunch hours, then stay on for dinner. The buffet is definitely worth $30, but you may not be as happy if you fork out the near $50 dinner prices.
I am not a buffet person, but came here b/c a friend recommended it. Was here for brunch/lunch. The line was ridiculously long, so paid the extra money for the VIP access.. . Our waitress was nice, but took forever to get us drinks. Maybe it would be a good idea to also have juice machines in the buffet so that people can self-serve themselves since the place is understaffed.. . The selection was larger (esp the desserts!) than other buffets I've been to. The quality ranged from utter crap (sushi) to good (desserts). The prime rib, fish, omelets, etc were about average. The price is a bit higher than other hotel buffets in the area, but the overall quality is a bit better, so I guess that's understandable. However, I wouldn't go again. And no way I would wait in line for the quality. . . Surprisingly, on my way out, noticed that even the VIP line had gotten long. Not sure what all the hype is about???
I really wanted to like this place because we got in for free for playing so much at their casino and I love the Wynn, but I just couldn't.  I didn't feel like they have enough options.  Maybe we just went on an off day or maybe their lunch is not as good.  I'll give it another try if they give us free passes again :p
My first trip to the Wynn Buffet was impeded by the fact open bar at the day club. It was no bueno. BUT on the upside, the Wynn Buffet bathroom like the rest of the restaurant is SUPER beautiful. The shade of green (mix of mint and seafoam green) is just GORGEOUS and goes beautifully with the floral/garden theme. Needless to say, I fared better on my second trip. . . TIP: Go right in between lunch and dinner around 2:45-50, just in case there is a line. Has to be before 3 PM though! You can get both of best words, lunch price ($25 with tax) and at 3:30, dinner food!. . Favorites: . Veal short ribs: I wish I ate more of these. It just..fell off the bone and melted in my mouth...Paired with their creamy mash potatoes...It was beautiful.. King Crab Legs/cocktail shrimp: Huge line for these. Well worth it! There is cocktail sauce, tartar sauce, and lemon to accompany them.. Prime Rib: Chewy compared to the veal, but still really yummy.. Dessert! Everything! There is a gelato bar! It was lovely.. Pizza: Although it isn't really smart to load up on carbs in a buffet with these, I really liked the pizza with melted mozzarella, basil, and tomato was REALLY good. . . I would stay away from their Asian foods...The sushi was just..abysmal. Didn't really bother with the dim sum. Their Kobe Meatloaf was a really weird in texture and the meatballs were odd. Thai Style salad wasn't too good either. Because of personal preference of food, I like Wicked Spoon slightly better because it is, for the lack of words to describe it, "hipper." This buffet while delicious for the most part, isn't too creative about their food selection. However! If you are a crab lover, this is the place for you!
lunch ends at 3, so i make sure to get there and stay for dinner at the lunch price. and i reccomend you do this at all the buffets in vegas.. . service is good, seatings are a little odd, but the bathrooms are nice: like individual rooms as opposed to stalls.. . but the buffet has gone down since i've last been here. i used to rave about how this is THE buffet, but i dont think i'll be back. they need to have more actual food and less fruit baskets. desserts, which is my favorite section, was limited, as was the seafood. its a disappointment. i don't think i'll be back. actually, i probably wont
You know what? This place is gorgeous and the only other buffet I've been to other than Bellagio's that serves creme brulee in the deserts area! Also, the "white espresso" flavor ice cream was FANTASTIC! I went back at least two more times just to get it!. . However, I was a little disappointed with their selection. Their prime rib was good, as was their crab legs and cocktail shrimp. The custom pasta station was super cool, as well, but everything else just lacked extraordinary-ness. For the price I'm paying here, a weekend dinner, I was just expecting more. The deserts section, aside from creme brulee and ice cream, was also lackluster(I mean, serving rock-hard rice crispy treats? Come on..). . Though, still, I'd consider this place at the top of my "I've got money to spend, let's eat!" list for Vegas, it doesn't stand out from the other places on that list.
More of a hype and name.  Honestly, I don't think it's worth paying that price.  Food was okay, presentation was nice.  Decorations around the seating area are pretty.  Desserts were a hit or miss.  For something from Wynn, I expected more.  There are other buffets around here that are much more worth it.. . Lines are too bad
Everyone kept saying how good this place was so finally went here..damn the selection of food is soooooooooo little !! so unless your filling up on those chilled crab legs, you aint gonna get your moneys worth.They didn't even have mussels, or clams..just really really wet shrimp cocktail. Maybe I'm biast because the Asian section was too small LOLS but Rio's buffet is twice as big with twice as much food, can't recall if their were  crab legs though.... . and theres a dress code, no tank tops for guys..who knows, luckily our friend bought a long a sweater..and if you want to sit in a group of 7 or more its 20% mandaotry tip..wtf its a buffet, its self serve ...so we split up into two groups and saved our self a few bucks for the slot machine..that never freaking pays !!!!!!!!!
While the hotel and the main atrium of this buffet are gorgeous, the larger seating areas to either side are nothing special.  So be sure to request the atrium. The collonade of plants and veggies are stunning.  . . The food is also very very good.  Not the best brunch buffet I've ever had but very good.  One of the pricier buffets on the Strip but that was expected from the Wynn.. . What loses a star is the bad service.  Now when we were first seated in the main restaurant, right off the hallway, I knew enough to say "no , this will not do".  We had waited in line for 45 minutes and I wasn't going to sit in a standard hotel restaurant while pple walked down the hallway staring at me.  Our waitress promptly moved us to the atrium area to a lovely four top.  She was then publicly scolded by the looming restaurant manager for taking our drink order.  We tried giving her a tip but she was obviously frantic at that point and handed it to the other waiter.  Ridiculous.  She was the best server we had.. . What I soon realized, the main problem with this place is is that they simply did not have enough pple clearing tables.  While the line snaked around in the waiting area, abandoned tables sat with dishes piled high up to ten minutes after the diners had left.  I couldn't believe how poorly managed that aspect of this restaurant was.. . Now if you can over look all that, the food is really quite good.  And it has a large selection.  I just am a little unsure if the 45 minute wait and $40 price tag were worth it.
The decor was nice and really different from the other buffets but the food was just okay. The crab legs were better than in the other buffets but looks more like snow crabs than king crabs. All in all, I preferred Wicked Spoon. The food and even the bread tasted fresher and was better presented, even the service was better.
Friday night in Vegas @ 7:00pm we thought we were doomed and there would be a long wait at the Wynn Buffet.  Not the case.  When we arrived there was no line up.  Food on the buffet was decent but I cannot say it is worth the $39.99 weekend price tag ($43.33 after tax but before tip).  My favorite items on the buffet - beef brisket, pea risotto, smoked salmon, beet salad, thin crust pizza, forest mushroom spread.  Crab legs were not very tasty but I had to have them anyway since it seemed to be the only way to justify the steep price tag for the meal.. . Forgettable food nominations are the 4 different sushi rolls (why bother), the tempura (too greasy), and chinese dim sum items (what was I thinking).. . Watch out for the crazy rude people that jump the queue and lunge head first into the pile of crab legs and peeled shrimp because they cannot wait the 5 extra minutes to wait their turn in line to get them.  Some people seem ignorant of buffet line etiquette.. . Had to flag down the waiter to take our initial drink order but once he knew we were there our plates were cleared quickly and drinks refilled without asking.
First of all, I must address an issue that is so lame that I just NEED to say it out loud. . . We were given 2 free buffet tickets as part of this promo we received through Wynn. We show up on Sunday (Mother's Day) at like 1:15 in the afternoon, tell the girl we have 2 people ready to grub down and she says "That will be $115 sir" to which I reply in my head what the phuck? Then I ask, "why exactly is that ma'am?" Turns out they start serving dinner for Holidays at 1 in the afternoon. You lazy lima beans! It's not even dark out and you are charging people $57.50 for dinner?? Please!!. . So, we had to come back another day to get our free grub on. . . I just can't give this place 4 stars. It's really good, but I strive to provide 4 stars to establishments that are far beyond really good and with a few exceptions, the majority of the food here is under a warming lamp and that's a far cry from top of the Yelp food chain. . . I am not going to run down the list of items because I truly believe that 65% of the buffet experience is the element of surprise. I will say that their dessert options are some of the best you will enjoy at any buffet.
Did not mean to piggy back, but shopping just got out of hand so did not have time for lunch till 2:45pm.No line up @ Wynn buffet...yeh. Got in @ @25 per head and was told we can stay for dinner (3:30pm) Also got in on the AYCD Champagne, Bloody Mary $10 deal...crappy sparkling wine served though.. . 2 Great items must try.... Prime Rib -- much better than your average buffet, though not fair to compare to high end steak houses ok.. Crab legs -- though cold it was fresh and sweet & plumb served with drawn butter. . Other items were pretty standard buffet fare. There were some small items I liked ex. the beet salad, the candied walnuts. The cocktail prawns were a lot smaller than I remembered.. . For dessert the crepes were good. Generally speaking dessert was pretty decent except no more chocolate covered strawberries :(
This is a good buffet with a lot of selection. The quality isn't up to Wynn standards, but it's a buffet.... I guess I am just not too crazy about them hence I'm giving it 3 stars. The service is very good, and our waitress was fantastic. The all you can drink for $10 is a killer deal for brunch too!. . Service - 4 stars. Drinks - 5 stars. Food - 1.5 stars
I have been to this buffet many times, I returned again for memorial day weekend.  I have to say that the standards have gone down.  Every other time i was here there was some type of kobe beef, but they didnt have it this weekend. . the line wasnt bad, we were in aprox 15 minutes.  Price hasnt changed  it still is around 55 per person.  . Personally with fogo de chao in Vegas now, I wont return here.  there are many better options for 55 a person.  . top things we ate were prime rib which was undercooked, lam chops were tough, crab legs were good and desserts were excellent.
This buffet did not live up to my expectations.  If it's a pricey Vegas buffet, I expected way more than what Wynn offered. . . Came here on a Sunday night and there was no line.  . . The food selection was alright, or perhaps I was in a rush to make my way through everything.. . i did not discover anything that I wanted to go back for a second serving.
I go to Vegas at least once a year and I always find myself eating lunch/dinner at the Wynn buffet. I'm the kind of girl that likes trying new restaurants...but again, for some reason I find myself sitting in a table in the center of the restaurant (you know the one under the sun roof & fancy decors?). . I honestly can't pin point a food that was like, "jesus christ, i love this!" .. But I also can't pin point a food that was like, "god.. this is horrible." . . I don't want to use the word mediocre but for lack of better word, I will. The food was mediocre. Quality food but.. safe? (I am sucking with words right now, I'm sorry). . I would call it a very fancy hometown buffet. . Hey, I like hometown buffet!. A-OK indeed.
Overall, it was better than the average buffets in Las Vegas but I was disappointed with the seafood selection. I was expecting a large variety of sushis and fish but they were very limited, maybe because it was the week after Memorial Day and the city was a little bit emptier. The prime rib was delicious though! I still remember how it tasty it was :) I must give a good credit for the dessert selection too.
We stayed at the Encore and came here with the parents for dinner; now see below for my personal version of the story: . . Pros: awesome selection of dessert, delicious pasta from the Italian cuisine station, mouth-watering veal ribs, fresh crab legs and cocktail shrimp, Rockefeller Oysters, and great dressing and pecans from the salad station. . . Cons: NO KING CRAB LEGS, LOBSTER, AND/OR RAW OYSTERS/CLAMS?!! Now how can you call yourself the #1 buffet in Vegas?!!! SERIOUSLY?! . . Now for $50+ pp (dinner, including tax and tips), I'm VERY disappointed. VERY. . . And the worst part was that when I walked on the strip that night, I saw a big sign in front of Aria saying their buffet has King Crab legs and lobster....GEEZ!!!!! How the heck did I miss that?! . . I blame it on my luck in Vegas that night. No wonder why I couldn't come back retiring; back to slavery...
I had heard good things about the buffet at the Wynn so we headed there on the first night of a recent trip to Las Vegas. The first thing we found was a long line, but it moved slowly and steadily. Be prepared to wait at least a half hour though. . . The price is a bit higher than some of the other buffets I have tried - figure $40 plus extra for alcohol. . . The food runs from fair to good. The seafood, especially the King Crab was good. The crab was sawed in half for easy eating. The prime rib carvery was good too. The pastas and other dishes were not worth the effort. Neither was the desserts. These were mostly more of the same sorts of tasteless mousses and custards that are to be found at other buffets. Decent gelato station if that it something if that is something that appeals to you. Why is it so hard to produce decent desserts at Vegas buffets?. . The service at the Wynn buffet was excellent. Drinks were refilled quickly and empty plates cleared. Recommended with some reservations about the menu variety.
This is no Moonstar, but it's aight.  I guess this is as good as it gets in Vegas.
I had heard from a lot of people that the Wynn Buffet was a must-try. So during this last trip to Vegas, I made sure that we would FINALLY try it. Maybe my expectations were too high, but I didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I would. . . We were in Vegas for EDC weekend and our last meal was a couple tacos from Del Taco 24 hours prior to our trip to the buffet, therefore.... I was beyond excited for this buffet - I was starving for it! We arrived shortly after 3:30pm, so we ended up having to pay $40+/per person for the dinner buffet. I was more than happy to pay this, expecting an epic meal to satisfy my hungry tummy. There was a small line when we got there, but we didn't have to wait too long for a table. . . One thing's for sure, this buffet is beautifully decorated. The ambiance is great. Eating here, I definitely felt fancy. Just wish I felt the same about the food. For the price we paid, the selection wasn't that great. The food was good, but I wouldn't say it was worth the $80 we paid. The server was pleasant, but we had to ask and wait for her to bring us napkins and water refills. . . The dessert selection was amazing, though! Lots of items to choose from! My boyfriend had tapped out and was passing on dessert soI had to tackle the dessert section on my own. If I could afford to, I would definitely have gotten one of everything. But, instead I chose a few to share -- passionfruit tapioca pudding, rocky road cake, blueberry cheesecake, and my fave, creme brulee! All so delicious! If I had more room, I would have definitely loved to try the gelato and made-to-order crepes. . . Overall, it was an okay buffet. I could go back to this place, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
I went to this buffet for lunch with a group of friends because of all the good things we heard about it. I mean, 4 stars, over 2000 reviews, what could go wrong? . . We arrived later than the usual lunch time, so there was no wait. It cost around $30 per person including tax and tip (18% for gratuity since we had a large party). The waitresses were really nice. We got our drinks and orders fairly fast. However, the quality and selection of food were beyond disappointing. There was not a whole lot of variety to choose from. None of the food items looked appealing. Literally, none. It might have been better to go for dinner since they serve crab and prime rib, but I would definitely not go there for lunch again. It's just not worth the price. Other than that, I would give it one star for the ambiance, one star for the desserts, one star for the service.
4 Stars for Food. 1 Star for Service. . On the pricy end of Vegas buffets, but you do get a vast selection of choices including king crab legs and prime rib. However, it doesn't get 5 stars like I would happily rate Wicked Spoon inside the Cosmo.. . The wait:. - around 40ish minutes at any given time throughout the dinner period. - i went on a monday night around 9pm and it was definitely busy. - it was around 40 min wait for a party of 2. . The service:. - my server was fairly...indifferent. - he wasn't cheery, nor a downer...he just kind of did what he was supposed to do, minus he didn't offer to refill our drinks. so we had to ask and only got refilled once. - they weren't the quickest to clean up our plates, even though the boyfie and i politely always stack our plates so they're easy to grab. . The food:. - granted...I wasn't sober at the time of my visit, but it wasn't anything that deserves at 5. - yes, they do have king crab legs (and though I'm not a big seafooder) I do see the value of this commodity; however, the line to get some is long and they're not the fastest at refilling the loot. - if you really want to get some good stuff, to the left of the king crab legs they have smoked salmon sashimi. dasswassup. -  the prime rib is standard, but not mouth watering or melt in you mouth status, also considering it was near closing...it didn't look fresh. - the rest is faiiiirly standard for a vegas buffet (ok desserts, really dry sushi, decent but not spectacular pasta). . I've tried a handful of Vegas buffets (Wicked Spoon, Bellagio, Cravings, Rio), and while I can check this off the list, I probably won't go back.
Decided to eat breakfast at the Wynn after my husband raved about the tomatoes he'd eaten here a few years ago...and insisted we go!!. . Can't say I was completely amazed by the food here, although, I will admit that we walked into into the buffet about a 1/2 hour before they changed everything over for lunch.. . The breakfast we had, was good...but to be honest, a little more expensive then what I would have expected to pay. Ate at Paris the day before and their buffet was enormous! This was not even 1/2 the size of that!. . What about the quality of the food? . Was good. But nothing to write home about. Although, they did have an excellent tomato and mozzarella gazpacho, the smoked trout was delicious and the tomatoes were amazing...liked my husband promised...although, they were out of them quick!. . The remainder of food on the breakfast menu, was normal fare, and average tasting. Waffles, omelet station, quince, bacon, sausage and a few other offerings tossed in here and there.. . They were busy, so the waitstaff was a bit slow. Although, their coffee was pretty good and the juice was fresh.. . Decided I was going to ask one of the workers behind the food station about what they put on the tomatoes the next time I went up, and did. The lady got super snotty with me - why?! Because they moved the tomatoes and she was talking to someone else. Luckily one of the other servers seen how she treated my question and apologized, telling me what type of tomatoes and what was on them. . . Can't say I really recommend this buffet for breakfast. Average at best. My mother in law picked at her food, and was comparing notes with our neighbors at the table beside us about how the Flamingo has the best. Wouldn't mind checking it out for lunch...but even then...may be hitting up Paris instead!!
I went there for dinner.  Considering that it is more expensive than the usual buffet, I would expect the quality to be good.  Yes, the quality is better than many other buffets.  The selection was O.K.  (they did not have King crabs).   I would say that the selection for desserts was quite extensive.  However, I don't think I would go back.  If you're willing to spend $50/person for a buffet, I would suggest going to a more traditional restaurant ("Le Cirque" for example).  You will certainly get less food, but I think that the quality and taste of the food to be better.. If you're just there to "pig out", I would say to try "Carnival World Buffet" at the Rio.
A- OK for the shiny and formal utensils. Pricing? Very fair for its name and reputation.... After all, it's the WYNN. Best buffet service ever though.. Food? It's a buffet, an upscale one with a vast selection of food. Enough said. Am I misleading?
The foods weren't that good, that was why the line wasn't that long ... Less than 30 mins of waiting ... Maybe weekend and holiday time would be better ??? .   Over all I didn't like what I paid for:.      Their shrimp cocktail sauce was really suck..      Their sushi bar was terrible with just a few of rolls and seem like they were stayed there for a long time.      Their desserts.....so disappoint ... Nothing was catching my sweet tooth :(.
If I'd never been to wicked spoon, I would have thought this was fantastic. The quality was good/ok, but it was crowded, and expensive for what you get unless you are just planning to Hoover mass quantities.. . It was a little Disneyland-buffet ish.
So this buffet has got to be the prettiest buffet I've eaten at. The flowers, the decor, everything is so whimsical and magical. For $40+ (with tax), I was expecting a pretty damn good buffet, especially as some say it's better than Bellagio.. . So lots of choices, but I am probably the worst person to spend for dinner buffets. Why? I don't eat king crab legs, prime rib, and any of the expensive stuff. My friends indulged in both and enjoyed themselves. But, we all agreed, all their food is so dang salty. It was such a dissapointment. I kept refilling at the caeser salad and pizza bar, two of the best things I felt this buffet offered. They were both really the best pizza and caeser salad I've tasted at a buffet. :). . We also sampled the majority of their desserts. There were only a few that were good though unfortunately! . . All in all, I'd pass on this buffet next time, definitley not worth it for me, but if you loe prime rib and king crab legs, definitley check this place out!
Pretty decor, and wide selection of foods but food quality and taste is average.. I've been here twice and I'm not so amazed by their foods. Crab legs and shrimps were not so fresh but salty.  The only foods I liked were the veggies and salad. The meats were okay.
3.5 to be exact. If you are looking for a buffet, this is for sure the best one on the strip. BUT, being a buffet, the quality of the food is rather low. There is a huge array of food to choose from, but I didn't find much of it appetizing. The service is slow. The price is high. The entrance is very nice, but once you get inside, it really is not so exciting. The line is long. Not my first choice of dining in Vegas.
Definitely did not live up to the hype. Paid around $30 for lunch and I was not impressed. The buffet had different stations and everything was mediocre. The meats weren't anything special and all the other international foods didn't seem to do the dish justice. I think the only thing that really stood out to me was their lobster bisque which I had two bowls of. . . The only thing that is worth the trip is their dessert bar. So many little dessert cups, cakes, and gelato! Safe to say I got full off of most of the sweets since it's hard to resist trying everything. . . The service was prompt and the staff was very friendly. I don't think any of us had an empty glass of any beverage. They were also very accommodating to our random mixes of drink orders.
Good value for what you're paying for, and a huge selection of food. You will come out completely stuffed. Good dessert. However, none of the foods blew my mind, and the wait was really long. I would probably go here again if I was starving, or if the line was short.
No crab legs at the breakfast buffet. Sad face. I was pretty underwhelmed with the options. There was a big line for the omelette bar so I skipped it for extra smoked salmon. The pot sticker and bao in the "Asian" section were kind of icky and I freaking love me my dim sum. The best thing was this cucumber/honeydew/mint cold soup. The husband was pretty happy with the 9 strips of bacon and his bacon mushroom omelette. It was just an ok experience.
meh, not bad, but I expected better. Bellagio is much better in my opinion.
That's right I'm giving this proclaimed "best buffet in Las Vegas" 2.5 stars .  So put your pitch forks and torches down and here is why.   One overly priced buffet for crab legs, there are other places on the strip cheaper.  It came out to be 40 dollars a person after tax. Two the creme brulee was a bit runny which ruin the taste because of texture.   Three the baked salmon was bland i guess the chef needs to go back to culinary school because he forgot to use salt and pepper.  Four the shrimp was mushy, i guess it was old or sitting out all day.  Five the crepe was made in front of you which was nice but the cook was sweating profusely which turn me off unless you like your crepe seasoned with her salty sweat.  I got the strawberry crepe covered with chocolate syrup.  Sounds good right, nope they used a runny strawberry jam as the filling not fresh ones.  Finally they had the smallest restrooms in the buffet area which was like 3 stalls, so there was a line.  Nothing like the smell of @$$ to enhance your eating experience.. . Heres what they did right.  One i love the risotto it was creamy and flavorful.   Two they had a wide selection of deserts.  The gelato was smooth and creamy.  my favorite topping was the almond slices on it . Three the crab legs  were sweet and cut down the middle. It was not like at the Rio's Carnival Buffet crab legs where they purposely salt them.
Tried several buffets in Vegas and I can say that our complimentary buffets which were included in our room package was really really worth it! However, they served some items from dinner to breakfast the next day...same with their dessert..they have a massive selection but some items were like mainstay...so if we eat here 4 times for 4 days...we will not see much difference from the menu..
It's just ok.  One person who works there was such a snob and half,  although I liked their crab legs, but I won't go back!  I can get that somewhere else minus the attitude.  . . For all that frills and ruffles, I actually left the buffet feeling hungry, how absurd!  A few items i tried tasted bland and unappetizing, I'm not the kind of person who can feast on the look of the food.  I don't care how aesthetic they are, they have to be tasty to win me.  . . The only item I cared, crab legs, always have huge line, by the time I get to meet the crab legs, my legs were wobbling and the acid in my stomach was bubbling.  Ok, maybe I'm little bit exaggerating, but u get my gist. . . I have to give them credit for the fancy schmancy decor, which draws me in at the first place.
Lots of varieties, but the Asian food needs a little more flavor. Prime rib was good, a little thin.  Good buffet though.
First time visited here with my boyfriend for dinner. Food is just average for the price. Nothing else was outstanding aside from crab legs and prime rib.. . Overall food + service just average
When you come here, your tummy will need to be patient because of the long wait. However, to make your trip to the Wynn buffet worth it -- make sure to save the best for last. And what is it exactly? For me, it was the grapefruit gelato!. . I came for lunch and the food selection was okay. I would have to say that the memorable dishes that I had was at the omelette station. It was a shame that there was no spinach available even though it was on the menu. But I was satisfied with my omelette, nonetheless. The smoked salmon was delicious. I actually thought it was cool how there was a congee station -- however I personally like my congee thick. The congee was a bit watery for my taste and the rice was a bit thin. . . I am a cheese fanatic and I was so excited to see a meat and cheese station when I first walked in. I tried each type of cheese and only ended up disappointed. It was dry and bland. :( My cheesy heart hurt at that moment.. . All in all, the grapefruit gelato made my stay at the Wynn buffet. It had the perfect ratio of that tart and sweet flavor. Other flavors were delicious as well (espresso, vanilla bean, strawberry, etc). :]
Food was ok. I think I had set my expectations too high, good variety, good quality and very clean. The wait staff was off tonight. The main job was to clear the dishes and refill drinks.. I had to ask on 3 different occasions for ice tea and I only had 3 ice teas.. And I was not alone the 2 tables down from me had similar issues.. I tried it and next time I will try rio.
Solid 4 stars for the food,2 stars for the service. Bumps this place down to 3 stars :/. . We went for an early Dinner here around 5pm. The line wasn't too long, maybe about 10 people in front of us.. . You wait in line to pay the cashier, then wait in another line to be seated.. It took us about 45 minutes from the time of entering the first line to get seated. . . We we were finally at the front of the line, I felt like I had just won the lotto! I was so excited for food!! We were greeted by the drab hostess who didn't even ask us to follow her but just started walking off.. She plopped us in the seats just 20 ft away from where the line was..  It was basically a foyer where some additional seats were placed.. No view of any of the buffet area at all.. We asked if we could be placed closer to the dining area, and she said, "go wait back in line" .. EW forget it.. we will stay here.. . We immediately head to the buffet line and noticed there are PLENTY of tables open.. everywhere. What was with the seating hold up? 30 minutes to be seated? oh.. and the hostesses all look SO frumpy in their hideous air line stewardess want to be uniforms. They all look like they are wearing pink potato sacks.. Not flattering for any figure. Maybe that is why they are so ill tempered there. You would think a nice buffet like this would want their employees to look half decent? I guess not.. . Are you supposed to have a server at buffets? Or someone that at least comes to offer you coffee? refill on beverages? Well..I guess not here.. The worker that collected our overdue plates made SURE to avoid eye contact and didn't check on us at ALL. I had to flag down the boss man to ask about our drinks, and he actually went above beyond to personally being us our coffee, and pour it for us. Now THAT'S service... To the server/bus man/scary man.. Why must you mean look at us like you are planning our murder after we spoke to your boss about getting coffee.. and why do you look so familiar.. have I seen you on America's most wanted? *cold shivers* at the memory... . Anyways.. the food was great, They had Veal baby back ribs, juicy tender prime rib, snow crab legs pre-cut, grilled lamb, pea risotto.. The list of yummies goes on and on... I will be back of course.. :) No scary man or moody hostess lady is gonna keep me from GOOD food!. . Oh yeah, There seems to be an ATT cell phone dead zone at the buffet.. If you need service, go to the soup area, LOL. Its the only place I found signal .
We were in town for the weekend and tried The Buffet at the Wynn (dinner).  Sorry, not a fan just A-OK.  I want to be a fan and tried very hard to find something that taste great and stood out.  The only thing that stands out are the desserts, very good and a variety to select from.  I wished the crab legs were hot, they were served cold.  The prime rib was average.  . . I MAY give it a second chance in the future but with so many choices in Vegas it will be a while.
I absolutely loved the decor and how fancy it was, but the food was just okay. Personally, I am not a fan of buffets and wanted to try this just for the experience. There wasn't anything that stood out to me except the many desserts. They were very taste-y and there was a lot of variety to them! However, the gelato could use some work. It definitely just tasted like plain old ice cream and not Italian gelato. Pretty disappointed at that. . . It was a great experience though and I don't regret eating here. Worth trying for the experience!. . *SAVING MONEY AT THE BUFFET: . - If you go in before 3:00 pm, you pay the lunch price but get to stay for dinner! Pretty good deal :)
I was at the buffet a few years ago and it was fantastic.  I remember lamb chops, baby back ribs, and white anchovies for the "made to order Caesar salad."  Maybe because my recent visit was on a weekday the selection was limited and was not what I expected.  I felt that $40 was way too high considering the men u items.  Yes the prime rib was "good" and the turkey was excellent but everything else was what I would expect from any buffet.  There was Kobe Beef....."Meatloaf???" and bland Indian food.  The 3 dim sum selections were fine as was the offering of 2 sushi items.  There were other fish selections as well as pork tenderloin, and would have rated higher, but did not think that the spread was $40 worthy.  I gave three stars because the deserts were excellent and loaded up on those.  I would have
The food was okay, I like how they have a huge variety of food. The desserts here are amazing. They have candied apples, cupcakes, etc... So if you have a sweet tooth, you will like the dessert section.
A solid choice buffet, quite good overall with very nice ambiance. Fair amount of variety, some items were really good some were so-so (as is normal in a buffet). In our minds, the flank-steak, pork, mashed potatoes, pulled pork with close slaw, mini-cup cakes and gelato stood out as quite good, with the flank steak, acc'd to my husband, being really good. The pizza was so-so and the cheese cakes weren't to our liking (tasted a bit artificial and processed). The selection is large but not very much so.The seating environment is very nice (no casino view or sounds intruding here - as is standard in a modern Vegas resort) with an elegant decor, color palette, and plush, large chairs. A problem with the garden area is that the sun can hit at a quite uncomfortable angle (although we were impressed by the 19th century-style garden-room decor) and I  had to put my bag on the floor because it was a "fire hazard" to have a third chair with my and my husband's bags on it - I don't fancy having my bag on the floor with germs (which are there even if the carpet is spotless as it was here). In sum, very nice decor and ambiance and good food with a few opportunities for improvement.
I never eat buffet, it's very unlikely that I wait in line for a meal, but the hubby wanted to try it at the Wynn, he has asked me many times to give it a try when there was no line. He was lucky that there was no wait at all that day, we just walked in, paid and got seated within 10 minutes, otherwise, we would go to a regular restaurant in stead.. . I ordered a Sierra Nevada, and a Bloody Mary before I went to get some food. This place is huge, I am very bad at directions, I couldn't remember and find my seat, our waiter had to come to get me. That's another reason I don't do buffet in Vegas, I get lost..... . I liked the cold appetizers, lots of varieties, lots of vegan dishes, shellfish was good too. Seafood dishes were delicious, I tried a few, they were all good. They had sushi, Chinese stir fried noodles, yummy soups, bread, I really liked the pizza, cheese and veggie ones were so good, I couldn't stop eating them. . . The food was delicious with lots of verieties, but I don't think I needed all that, carving stations were the best, the thing is I don't eat meat, so I missed out the best part, hubby was so happy with prime rib... Yuk... I just kept eating mixed olives and pizza, sipping on my Bloody Mary... . . For $35 a person, plus beer and Bloody Mary, our waiter didn't put my Bloody Mary in there, of course we had to give him a $20 tip for that, so we didn't really save any money, still around $90, it's a casual lunch or brunch value for us in Vegas. But I don't need to walk so much to get food and get lost at a regular restaurant!. . Passed desert section, I didn't even try to go there to get some deserts, cause I was really tired and grumpy from the walking and getting food... Hubby got me something, chocolate mousse, cheese cake, they were yummy. . . I told hubby, no more buffet! Next time you want it, you go drive to a lunch buffet by yourself, I am just gonna stay in my comfy bed and order room service. :). . Ps. Don't get me wrong, if you are a buffet lover, this is really a great choice! Just not my thing to do in Vegas....;p
Went on a Wednesday night, and maybe that was the issue?  The food was just okay.  It seems like they were holding people back just to make the appearance of a line, which was kind of annoying.  With only half the place filled there is not reason for a line!  Crab legs were delicious as always.  The Asian side was prolly the best.  The prime rib was good...but less than room temperature.  The seafood selection was just okay.  I was also not that impressed with the desserts here.  The service was excellent though and they always took my plates right away.  The price is also reasonable and better than several other comparable buffets (bellagio, wicked spoon).
Unfortunately we stopped at the Wynn Buffet over the Thanksgiving weekend when the upped the prices by adding a few items to their OK selection.. . Food was good. Quality was good, but the Bellagio buffet is much better. I don't plan on returning to the Wynn Buffer.
Beautiful dinning room, delicious desserts.
As you walk in, all you notice is the amazing decor.  It's simply beautiful!. . As far as the food goes, it's standard and nothing special.  I tried little of everything and nothing stood out as great.. . The dessert section was boring.  Out of the 4 little mini desserts I got, only one was good.  The rest were dried on top and tasted funny.. . I wish I hadn't tipped the waiter ahead of time.  He was rude and plates were sitting on our table till we were almost ready to leave.  I could understand if they were busy.  In this case, it was mid week and most of the tables were empty.. . Impressed by the decor but not with the food.  Next time I feel like coming to a buffet in Vegas, I'm going to Bellagio!
Such high hopes based on the reviews and amount of ratings, but was greatly disappointed. TWO dinner buffets were $85. When we walked in, the buffet looked huge, but once you actually go to the counter and look at the selection it's actually very limited. They have your usual fillers like bread before each station to break up the buffet counters to make itlook like there's more selection. There were a couple of fancy sounding dishes that were less than mediocre. Overall, selection was limited for the price you pay. The best thing  there seriously is the PRIME RIB and while the dessert showcase seems impressive initially--once you taste it, it's actually pretty bad. I had a mint chocolate cupcake that tasted like it was iced with toothpaste. . . Pros: . 1) Prime rib. 2) Crepe station. 3) Crab legs and shrimp. . Cons:. 1) Lots of fillers (bread). 2) Fancy dishes that are flavorless (vegan beans, lobster ravioli, etc). 3) DESSERTS SUCK.. . Going to try the Caesar's buffet because I heard it was better.
$39 for dinner.. . Ok starting off with knowing how much it was to get in, I had similar expectations of the food.  I thought the food was alright.  They had big ingredients like "wagyu" and "truffle sauce" but what's the point of expensive ingredients if it doesn't taste that great?. . I did enjoy risotto and lamb tbone they had.  Also their deserts were better than the dinner overall I thought.
I wasn't really happy and  impress with the buffet at The Buffet. May be I came here with high expectation. The foods seem uninspiring, cold and tasteless. Great fresh ingredients but no flavors. The snow crab legs still a bit cold inside. it would be nicer if they put it in the steamer a bit. The service was so so, I got more attention from the old lady busting the table then from my waiter.
The price is on the high side and they charge for kids (at a discount) as soon as they are 3 or older. The wait can also easily be an hour or more. We had Wynn buffet and Rio Carnival World buffet on our last trip. To me Rio win over Wynn on every front - better value, wider selection and better services. Both places have limited selection on seafood with hardly any sashimi and only basic rolls. Wynn can come out a winner for meat and desserts lovers, but it has limited choices on vegetables so it was a big negative for me.  . . Lastly, I had to ask for refill or clean up dirty dishes after first round at Wynn. At Rio the drink was filled most of the time and dirty dishes got removed after reasonable amount of time.
This review is short and sweet, unlike my meal at the Wynn, which was as long and drawn out as I could make it, since I wanted to get my AYCE eat money's worth :). . I'm afraid I came to the Wynn with overly high expectations, after looking through several hundred of the lovely photos of beautifully presented food that people have posted on Yelp.. . There was indeed a lot of food.  All beautifully presented!  A few things were great.  A few things were not very good.  But most of it was pretty mediocre -- all style and splash and no substance (much like most of Las Vegas, actually.)  The desserts in particular were disappointing. They were plentiful, and they looked beautiful, but only one or two were really any good.. . As others have said: DEFINITELY arrive in time for the end of lunch/beginning of dinner transition. You pay the lunch price and get the dinner food (such as King Crab legs) too!. . A tip: while you're there, sign up for a player's card at the Wynn. You get some free play ($10, I think), and the free cocktails that the roaming waitresses serve are actually *really* good, if you are lucky enough to get one. (Don't forget to tip your waitress well!)
Lunchtime!. . Pros: Quick + attentive service, large variety of choices of protein and veges, beautiful and tasty desserts. . Cons: For the price and all the hubbub I've heard about this buffet, I suppose my expectations were raised but the quality of the food was so so in my opinion. It's better than the bellagio buffet, but still lacks the daintiness/decor/ and even quality in comparison to other places like wicked spoon.. . I'd come back if in the area though !
We had this buffet xmas eve and xmas day.  We arrived at 4:30pm on xmas eve and it was already a 1.5hr wait.  I wasn't feeling so great and I didn't feel like waiting in line, so we paid an extra 15.00 a person to skip the line.  That also came with a drink  ( which we never got, never offered to us), and a 10% off the following day.   We still had to wait for 15 min to get seated after we paid.  I was expecting something more elaborate for a 50.00 price tag.  The sushi and sashimi stations were lacking.  The cold crabs legs were very salt soaked and mushy.  The best things were the grilled meats although the turkey sausage was horrible.  So dry.  The fried turkey was great as where the mashed and sweet potatoes.The breads were nothing to write home about.  The desserts were terrible.  The cookies were tasteless.  The best dessert was the gelato.  I seriously was not impressed by the desert at all.  The madelaains were heavy and dense.  So were some of the cakes. . . We had some breakfast type foods on Xmas day and we didn't have to wait in line at all.  There is just nothing that really stands out as being fabulous on either day.  Sorry, I still like Bellagios a lot more.
The food was just ok and not too many choices.  I think this place is overated.  However the enviroment is really nice.   I prefer the buffet at Ceasars Palace more than this one.
I wanted to go to the new Bacchanal buffet at Caesar's, but ended up here because I earned two free buffets on my player's card. Free is awesome! Especially because they had special holiday pricing and it was nearly $50/person!. . You will like this place if you love meat. They have so many carving stations with everything from sausage, turkey, venison, prime rib, leg of lamb, lamb chops and salmon. And that's in addition to the crab legs, kobe meatloaf, fried chicken, sea bass and dozen other carnivorous dishes that are already set out. Even my brussels sprouts had huge chunks of bacon! I made a beeline for the prime rib and it was delicious. I was tempted to go back for more, but  I decided I should try other things. I had a few crab legs because I felt obligated to, but I realized that I was really only eating the crab as a vehicle for consuming butter. . . The big disappointment though were the desserts. The dessert section is huge, but there really isn't a big variety. They have a crepe station (often unmanned) and ice cream, plus your usual suspects, creme brulee, cheesecake, etc. I much prefer the desserts at Studio B at the M. . . Service was just ok. Our dishes were cleared away quickly, but I had to hunt someone down to get drink refills.. . Overall, the quality of the food is great, but I don't think I was able to eat my moneys worth. Definitely still interested in trying out the Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon, but could I possibly be getting too old for buffets??
Delicious but we will never go back, my wife and daughter got very sick for a couple of days and the hotel response was that we could not prove it was their food that got them infected!
Came here on a Friday for dinner.  Expensive, but good.  I cannot complain about the tasty food.  I was just expecting so much better.  For the price of this buffet, the place needs to have the "WOW" factor.  Unfortunately, the buffet at the Wynn does not make the grade.  Overall, though, it is a fine place to come to if you can afford it.
Pricier, less tasty version of Wicked Spoon.  There's more variety than Wicked Spoon, but I feel like Wicked Spoon has better tasting things.
If I could, I would rate this as 3 1/2 stars (since we got our two dinner buffets comped).. . We came here at 5 PM on a Sunday night, and the place was pretty empty. There was plenty of food, with no lines, but none of the food was really memorable. We tried:. . OK. . Crab legs, shrimp cocktail, Kobe lasagna. . Good. . Crepes, prime rib, leg of lamb, pork belly and Peking duck buns, sea bass. . If you want to check out a buffet, then this one is fine, but I wouldn't want to pay the 40.00 regular price at dinner. Maybe it would have been better on a weekend night.
After reading all the glowing reviews that said the Wynn has the best brunch in Vegas, we stopped in this past Sunday around noon.  The place was packed and the line to get in was long.  I took this all as a good sign.  However, when we saw the food, which was displayed beautifully, I was underwhelmed by the selection.  There were no crab legs, no lobster tails.  Really, the only seafood was shrimp cocktail--which was nothing special--and baked salmon (the citrus beurre blanc was nice) and red snapper.  I expected a lot more in the way of seafood options and was disappointed--especially since I don't eat red meat.  Pics I've seen online all showed the Wynn brunch with giant crab legs and lobster, but there was definitely none to be had on 1/27/13 when I was there.  The dessert options were also underwhelming.  The cream puffs were splendid, but the raspberry cheesecake shooters tasted like Jello no-bake and all the chocolate cakes were sugar-free.  Very disappointing.  So, five stars for presentation and service, but three stars for the food.
For the price, it was whatevers. Yes, it is organized and there are a lot of options. It kind of just seemed like massive amounts of mediocre food. Maybe it's because I went for lunch... . . The salads were probably the best part. The carving station was pretty good too. Everything else was just average. . . The sushi was limited. Dry and hard rice... . . The desserts were okay. The cheesecake was probably the best. Everyone was getting the gelato, but the line is ridiculous. . . It is fun to watch people try to eat the candy apple... super thick sugar coating... impossible to eat. The girls just end up taking pictures with it... pressed up against their lips... lol. . OH. The wait was insane as well... about an hour (maybe more). It was reminiscent of lining up at Disneyland...
I was super stoked to try this buffet out after all I heard about it and for all you can eat + bottomless mimosas and bloody marys how could you lose? Well myself and my newlywed friends were disappointed. The food was mediocre and not as fresh as I had anticipated. Now don't get me wrong as far as buffets go this is/was better than most buffets I've been to, but for 40 bucks a pop, I've had better. the seafood wasn't as fresh as i thought it would be and I was excited about the ceviche until I tasted its bland almost inedible grossness. We were also VERY hungover so maybe that had an effect on our taste buds, but I've had better at Caesars Palace for half the price.
I was looking so forward to eating here and it was good but I'm not sure worth the $135 plus tip I paid for 2 adults and 1 child. I mean the food was great buffet food but still a buffet. it wasn't fresh, the was a lot of dry food from sitting for awhile, the sushi was just OK and I had to wait for drink refills for a long time when it was not busy, but most of all  the condiments came in packets, everything else was very good but the I dressed up and had to open soy from a packet for my sushi and it squirted all over my shirt. for what I paid I think there could be soy at the table or at least at the sushi station.
I kind of wished I came here for dinner instead of lunch. The buffet was just ok. I wasn't impressed with the food and the selection was bland and boring. I think the only thing I liked was the unlimited mimosas for $13, the Tahitian vanilla bean ice cream, and bread pudding.
I really dont understand what all the hype is about reagarding this buffet.  I found the wait times to be long and although thefood is good quality the selection was lacking. All in all this is still an above average buffet and the price reflects it.
For the price and the class of the hotel, this buffet was a bit of let-down. I didn't get the high class quality I had at the Bellagio or Cosmopolitan buffet. . . They had crab legs, only cold ones, in a messy pile. I've had warm steamed ones at  much lower level buffet restaurants. Sushi seemed to have been refrigerated for a while. I didn't like the taste of coffee for some reasons, but I guess I'm just too picky.. . Tables were crammed in. I felt like I was sitting at a food court, sort of. . . Overall foods taste all good, but I give this buffet the same grade as Mirage's Cravings, which is much cheaper.
There are some bright spots here, but overall you would be better in most of the other high end restaurants that are around.  The meats were good, but tasted like they had been sitting around for a while.  Most of the sushi was above buffet quality, which is good, but noting spectacular, and the sides and other food was good.  If you are looking for selection and really want a buffet, this is probably your place, but if you are looking for a great meal go somewhere else and order exactly what you want.
Went for dinner. It was ok. The wait was horrible (2 hours) and the price was pretty high (around $50ish). My bf and I basically came here for the crab legs, so I was pretty satisfied that their crab legs were cut in half (and not salty like the crab legs at the aria buffet). The prime rib and lobster ravioli were really good too. Everything else was blah filler. They have variety though: Chinese food, sushi, salad bar, pastas, etc. I basically tried one of every type of dessert. I had a bite of each and the only things that were good enough for a second bite were the crime bruleeand chocolate gelato (both of which we finished!). . I liked the Bellagio buffet better--they had great crab legs and really good meats (Kobe beef). . I go to vegas buffets mainly for the crab legs, so next time I'll go to a cheaper buffet or stick with the Bellagio buffet
For the quantity of the food the put out, the quality is pretty good and I love the fact that you can try a little of everything when it comes to buffets in general, but there was nothing that I would really crave or want to go back for. The desserts were tepid at best and the scrambled eggs tasted like they were once powdered. There was a very good vanilla parfait however!
This is what happens every time I go to a buffet:.  . I do a walk-by of all the food and get really excited by the sheer quantity of items at my disposal and how tasty everything looks..  . I grab a plate and start putting food on it. But as I move down the line (and get a closer look at everything), I start to realize how unappetizing most of the dishes actually look..  . Finally, I walk back to my table and start eating. And this is when it's confirmed: the food, simply put, is not very good..  . The Buffet at Wynn was no different. Despite my previous review stating I would never return, I agreed to one more try since my wife loves their buffet. But now, I really am not going back. As I said before, I'd rather take my money and eat at a nice sit-down restaurant..  . Having said that, I'll just do a brief run-down of my thoughts on the food here based on my last trip. Some things were too salty (e.g. Kalbi sauce wings, Chicken and jalapeno sausage), while others were too bland (e.g. Steak and egg pizza, Prime rib), or felt/tasted old from having sat out for a period of time (e.g. Spicy salmon hand roll, Seafood crepe). My favorite dish of the night was the Lamb meatball - it had just the right amount of seasoning on it..  . I'm not trying to bash this buffet (or most of the others out there)... I know the food can only be so good when you're making this much of it. But for me personally, it's just not my thing..  . If I were to rate this as a normal restaurant, I'd give it 1.5 to 2 stars. But I know that's not fair, so I'll rate it as a buffet and give it 3.
To be honest, I was disappointed. Maybe because I have high expectation since the lines are so long and waiting time is miserable. . . The environment is nice but the choices are too limited. Some food are really salty.. . Will not eat again next time.
Thank goodness it's free! I actually wasn't very impressed with the lunch spread. I've always wanted to try this place because I remember when the Wynn's buffet was the place to go! Hubby was fortunate to get free passes at the buffet (breakfast or lunch only), but when I looked around, there really was no entree that I just HAD to try. The desserts were very nicely presented, but the rest was unremarkable. Maybe dinner is better?
My husband's family has a saying at mealtime: "If you go hungry it is your own fault" and never has this saying been truer than at the Wynn Buffet. Seriously, if you can't find something to eat here then you are too picky to go out for a meal. We had breakfast here the day of my brother's wedding and it was quite a treat. The potato cakes with pepperjack were little squares of heaven and I could have made a meal out of them if I wasn't too busy stuffing my face with pain au chocolate. Lest you think I only carbed it up, I did try the delicious sausage with peppers and the perfectly cooked scrambled eggs. I think I actually squealed when I saw the olive tapenade and crostini and made sure that found its way onto my plate. Sadly, this tapenade left a lot to be desired, the salty tang that I love was missing and it was incredibly bland. But, that was the only misstep in an otherwise amazing meal. . . Only advice? Get there early if you are going to breakfast because at 9:30 the line is pretty long although it moves rather fast.
I was a little disappointed....Bellagio buffet is better. The spring garden decor is outstanding and very prettty but the buffet is not out of this world for the price. Was craving Asian food and got a big plate of fried rice and the rice wasnt cooked, at all...almost broke a tooth, terrible!. The ribeye sliders and fried turkey were delish...desserts were meh :/
Too much hype for this place. The food was good, some sections had a chef to make you something on site, and the food in no doubt is fresh!  it looks big but its just everything is too spaced from each other.. . The only thing that i did not really like is that the food were foods that i was not sure what they were, not much of a big variety, but indeed they were sophisticated food in buffet format. The seafood section hardly have any seafood just shrimp, clams and crab. . . I highly recommend the mashed potatoes and the desserts!!! OMG the dessert section was mind blowing!! Sooo many things to eat and try and the Gelato!! OMG delicious!!. . But other than that i did not believe it was worth the price, they need more food options, i would not return to this place simply because the food did not grab my attention, nor pay like $40 just for desserts.
Quick rundown: Fantastic atmosphere, very fast service (on a Sunday night), only drawback was the food.. . My friend and I arrive at around 7pm to a decent sized line with about a 30 minute wait. Something tells me had we shown up 30 minutes to an hour earlier we could've walked in no problem because within 10 minutes the line had grown significantly behind us.. . Price was about $80 for the two of us, including free (non-alcoholic) drink refills and coffee. The waiters were very attentive about it, usually making it over just after I emptied my glass.. . As for the atmosphere, it's absolutely gorgeous. When you first walk in, the place is literally decked out in flowers, with a very springtime feel. Many restaurants I go to tend to keep the lights dim, but it was very well lit here, making the colors of the flowers stand out even more. Don't worry about being dressy. However a sign stated that all shirts had to have sleeves (for men at least).. . As for the workers, some were more outgoing than others, but for the most part I was greeted by anyone who I walked past. The guys serving food (especially dessert) were all friendly and chatty, even offering suggestions.. . Now for the food: It wasn't all that bad, but considering I hinge my buffet experience on the food, I was pretty disappointed. There were a couple of standouts, mostly in the seafood section. Crab legs (WERE ALREADY OPENED AND PERFECTLY CUT), clams were delicious, and sushi was fantastic but very small selection. The BBQ ribs were so tender that they literally melted in my mouth, so amazing, only wish there was more sauce on them. The veal was to die for! If you eat nothing else there, have the veal. . . The rest of selection however didn't thrill me. There was hummus but the pita bread was (ehh). There were small Asian & Mexican sections (egg roll, tamales [kinda dry in my opinion], burritos, etc). There was also a very tender, yet poorly seasoned beef brisket. Really, you NEED to have a sauce with it. Moving down there was decent meatloaf, disappointing lasagna as well as some other Italian food, pastas, etc. Nothing or that stood out. Finally there were oysters (ok) and some really dry salmon (such a disappointment). Besides that, there was tons of bread but most of it seemed as if it had been out all day, and then a huge selection of cold cuts if you wanted to make a sandwich and tons of toppings, which brings me to my next point:. . WHERE WAS THE CHEESE? I don't know if it's just me, but I like to have something cheesy every once in a while. Especially if I go to the buffet, but there was a distinct lack of cheese in everything there, even the Italian food. I was really, really turned off by this.. . As for the desserts, there were tons of choices served tapas style. Small portions of cakes, etc. so that you could try out a lot of different flavors. Unfortunately, most of them weren't all that good. The cakes were dry and lacked sweetness. Even the rice krispies were hardened as if they'd been left to sit for hours. The things you definitely want to try in the dessert section are the sorbet, which was scrumptious, and the warm brownie with almonds. Throw some ice cream on top and the mixture of warm brownie and cold ice cream just makes my heart smile.. . Very interesting note: They had these fruit cups with alcohol in them. Pretty awesome. One of them was watermelon with tequila in it. The other was pineapples with malibu rum and coconut shavings. I hate coconut, but I loved this.. . What's crazy is that it sounds like I ate a lot. I'm 5'10 165lbs, so I'm not a big person. My friend is about my size, just a bit taller. We actually finished trying just about everything and still had quite a bit of room left. I polished off a few more of those crab legs because I was still in amazement i could just pick large chunks of meat out with a fork. He tackled some more sorbet and we called it a night. We left there fairly satisfied with our fullness, but partially disappointed at the meal.. . Tipped the waiters pretty handsomely though because they were awesome the whole night.
This place truly was huge.  Different sections for types of cuisine...Italian, seafood, salad, etc.. . Nothing here, as hard as it is to say, was amazing.  Not one item I had (and I got like 7 plates, don't worry I didn't finish single item, I just sampled a lot) blew me away enough to feel like I should go back for seconds....and I felt like I should have felt that way.. . The prime rib was quite good though.. . The salads looked great, the tomato bisque was delicious, the sausages were also worth noting.. . The lasagne was too quite tasty, and maybe the closest thing worth going back for.. . The sushi I skipped at the recommendation on many others here and after looking at it I can see why.. . The civiche options were okay but not amazing.  The crab legs were okay, but being cut already in half makes it look/feel like there is way less meat and it's really hard to ever feel like you got a lot.  The drawn butter was not even warm...how is that possible!?. The shrimp was fantastic, but how hard is it to make something raw taste like it should?. . The servers were all very very nice and quite quick as others have mentioned.. . All in all, I would not come back, and rather try Wicked Spoon over this place.  It was like a higher end Home Town Buffett and that's not the kind of feeling you want to come away with after shelling out nearly $40 for dinner....each.
I came here for brunch on a Sunday. Despite the 1 hour line, gf and I we ready to chow down.. . I really enjoyed the seeming Alice in Wonderland inspired design. The selection was pretty good as well.. . Otherwise, I wasn't really wowed by the food.
The oysters seemed dry and the Asian food is mediocre but the meat is amazing. The desserts are really good too.
I've experienced bad and good buffets.  But buffets tend to be somewhat the same: massive amounts of food, lots of selection, all cold by the time you get back to your table to eat.  We went to the Wynn buffet last night and I think my expectations got the better of me. . . Don't get me wrong, the buffet had a lot of variety -but again, most of the buffets in Vegas do.  And the food selection was ok too...though, why would you go to a Vegas buffet to eat thin crust pizza?  I tried things that I normally wouldn't get, or wanted to compare.  That being said, I liked their roasted duck on a bun with hoison sauce, along with their pork buns.  Their veal short rib was meh, as was their cold crab legs.  The crab legs are really the same as everyone else and not anything to write home about.  Of the things that I ate, nothing was mind blowing or so fantastic that I craved to go again.  . . The dessert selection might be a tad better than the Bellagio per say, but honestly, for the price and hype, it fell short of expectations.  Maybe it was because it was Tuesday night?  I don't know.  It just didn't have the wow factor I thought it would.  May have to try the buffet at Caesar's to compare in October.  Either way, go for yourself and judge.  Who knows, maybe it will do for you what it didn't do for me.
My husband and I were staying at the Venetian, vacationing in Vegas for the first time. We wanted to try some of the best buffets. We came here based on the Yelp reviews.. . We came for dinner on a Sunday evening around 5pm. We walked from the Venetian to the Wynn. Didn't take long. However, we waited in line for about 15 minutes. . . Compared to the Wicket Spoon, this place didn't have enough variety. It also wasn't as big, hence the wait. The food was good however.. . The decor is beautiful when you first come in to the restaurant. The Wynn is a beautiful place overall. Reminded me of something from Alice and Wonderland. I recommend The Buffet, but try the Wicket Spoon as well.
I don't understand how all of these buffets that are supposed to be the best are just mediocre...Everything had too much salt, take the lasagna, really good, if not for all the salt.  The best thing on the buffet were the crab legs!  If only they would serve them warm.  Probably the best buffet crab legs I've had, and the funny thing is they were that good because they weren't salty like most buffet crab?  They also had really great guacamole, yes, I ate chips and guac at a freakin buffet, and it was one of the other best things I had.  Oh, and the deserts were pretty tasty too, except for the lackluster crepes, and lack of desert variety.
Wow...is it just us or has the quality of the food (and service) gone downhill? It took a good 10mins for our waiter to provide us drinks which is forever in buffet terms, and the food selections were just ok as compared to my previous five star review. I was fully expecting another great experience but sadly we won't go out of our way to come here again. Too bad.
Came here for Sunday brunch and was totally under-whelmed. $34 and change for bunch of mediocre stuff. The best item was the carving table. Prime rib and pork belly  were excellent. Unfortunately, everything else went down hill. The meager selection of sushi was a joke. Looking for snow crab leg and rack of lamb ? Wait til dinner time. They only have cocktail shrimp during brunch. No lamb. The dessert however was fantastic. Nice selection and all very tasty. . . The wine selection was a joke. The price charged for a glass of wine is exactly the market price for a bottle. Beer go for about $6-7.5 a bottle. Yes, you can buy a six pack  for the price of one beer. Don't want to get ripped off ? Don't drink alcoholic beverage. Not trying to be a cheapskate or anything, but 400 % mark up for wine and 500-600 % mark up for beer is just not acceptable. Unfortunately this seems to be the norm in a lot of Vegas restaurants now days.. . Service was great. Drink orders promptly delivered. Empty plates disappeared prompto. The wife asked why drop 20 % tip for a buffet. Well, the service was good, and they earned it.
It was ok. I went for weekday brunch and Wynn paid half of the meal. There was nothing terrible and nothing exceptional. If you have a sweet tooth, I think wicked spoon has better selections.
If we had paid the regular rate for this buffet, I think we would have been a lot happier with it. Unfortunately for us, we tried it on July 4th weekend, which cost $50/person. The food was good, but not $50 good.. . My boyfriend loved the tuna poke and we both really liked the lobster pot pie. Dessert also had some highlights, like mini tres leches cake and the peanut butter bar.. . A big downside was the oyster selection. My boyfriend got 4 raw oysters, and 2 were bad. One was covered in sand and one was just plain rotten. He was too wary to go back for more.. . Overall...meh.
When you paid 40 per person and has to dressed in business casual you expect the buffet to be mind-blowing and magnificent right? Well, the buffet in Wynn is not even close to great. I know it has countless crab legs and amazing steak and maybe good dessert? People, don't listen to the tourist's review and ask locals. They will tell you Caesar palace and Aria's buffet are so much better. Seriously, I expected to have more choices than a mid-size room full of smartly-cooked-for-rip off level food. I spent 40 dollars to have 500 entrees at bellagio, real king crab legs at aria and top-notch grill at Bacchanal. If you are too hungry to move or just want to admire the "legend", don't held your expectation too high or you will be disappointed.
Just an average Vegas buffet. They do have good customer service and a wide variety of foods and desserts. For the price, it is only a 3 star buffet.
The Buffet was a nice choice for our first buffet experience in Las Vegas.. . We went on a weekday for lunch, so there was no line. The decor in the place is really beautiful and airy; reminded me of an upscale English cottage with the color scheme. Although it's a buffet, you still get table service (for drinks and such), so you'll have to tip extra if you do actually order something. . . The food itself was ok, but lacking something in my opinion. We scoured the pictures on here before coming and it all looked amazing. While the food all looked pretty and there was a large selection to choose from, it wasn't as tasty as I had hoped. I'm more of a quality over quantity kind of person. Of course, I still ate enough to feed an army. Hey, it's a buffet. . . Lunch on a Monday ran about $50 for the two of us. Add $10 drinks each with tip for the table service, it was too much for a Monday buffet lunch. It was a nice experience and left us in satisfying food comas, but I'll probably try a different buffet next time I'm in town.
The meats are fabulous but I'm a fan of seafood so I was extremely disappointed to be given rotting oysters. All-in-all nothing spectacular here.. . I've had better luck at Harrah's buffets (they do the buffet of buffets). World Buffet at Rio and Bacchanal at Caesar's are much better. Better food and greater selection.
For brunch,it was good but not amazing or out of this world! The entrees were mediocre but the desserts were delicious! I loved the hand scooped gelato mixed with whatever topping you desired. Another favorite was a simple dish of fresh cut pineapple soaked in coconut milk & rum, topped with toasted coconut. Amazing!!
Still a great buffet and even better when you can go at odd times and beat the insane line.  Quality gelato at the end is always a nice touch here.
I really really really wanted to love this buffet, after hearing great things from friends and having such a great first experience at the Wynn. But sadly, I did not fall in love. The food was ok but nothing to rant nor rave about. In fact I remained at the salad bar the entire meal after trying a little from each section. However there is a silver lining: I fell in love with their bottomless mimosas option! Who wouldn't love $15 bottomless mimosas on a random tuesday wednesday??. . Other than that, I wouldn't return here over going to the Bellagio buffet or Bacchanal, sorry!
a good tho not great buffet. peel n eat shrimp and the dessert variety were the standouts. prime rib not very good, but oh they do get an extra star for the tequila-infused watermelon, you could get drunk off that stuff. also rice krispy pops & candy apples. i would have liked to see more salad variety to at least create the illiusion that I was eating healthy but i did like that there was a wide array of breakfast options even at 2 pm. I would probably go back but then Aria and Paris have much better choices on their buffets, I would probably chose those over Wynn. Sorry Steve!
I wanted to like the Buffet but I was just overwhelmed (as with pretty much everything we ate in Vegas). I debated over whether to give 2 or 3 stars and finally settled on 3, but not without reservations.. . 2 stars for the food...it looked good, but the taste just wasn't all that. It was edible, but not great by any stretch of the imagination. If they perhaps made less stuff, but made it better, I would have liked it better.. Also 2 stars for value...$21 for breakfast? $26 for lunch? $32 for brunch? Our meal there was comped because of the package deal I got, but if I had paid full price for it I think I would really have been disappointed in the quality.. . 3 stars for decor...the garden area is beautiful...also 3 stars for variety...even if the taste was not amazing, at least there was plenty to choose from, and again, nothing I tried was BAD, it just wasn't all that great, either.. . The best thing I had was probably the pancakes and fried chicken, both of which I actually enjoyed (together!) The prime rib wasn't bad, though somehow I had the misfortune of ending up with a sort of medium-well slice, but my husband's was medium-rare and looked pretty good. . . All in all, it was just pretty meh...3 stars is generous. 2.5 would be more accurate.
I have to admit, I was pleasantly surprised by this buffet. Ever since the college dining halls, I have been avoiding buffets like the plague, eschewing the long lines of options in favor of a nice sit-down restaurant. . . The decor is consistent with the Wynn's decor, and is extremely pleasant. We had to wait quite a while for a table to seat our group of 5, but the staff was fairly courteous (although I could tell they weren't thrilled with our unwillingness to not break up our party and sit at smaller tables). . . The food options were plentiful and very tasty. I was very impressed with most things I sampled, with the exception of the crab legs. We took from the bottom of the tray, and unfortunately, because they were pre-cracked, the crab meat had a fairly gritty texture. I wasn't really impressed. . . Desserts were okay, but I didn't have much of them.
The food itself is 4 star for a buffet style restaurant. but compared to the price, it is not worth it.
Maybe I wasn't all that hungry for a buffet, but I swear, I didn't eat anything (besides a Fat Tuesday) all day and by the time we got around to eating it was already close to 2pm.. . I gave this place 3 stars. They didn't have much variety as each station only had a handful of new dishes to try. They had a breakfast station with cereal and waffles, an "italian" station with pizza, pasta, and bread. I did like the pesto pasta with sundried tomatoes -- very yummy indeed!. . The prime rib was decent. I kept going back for that since I wanted to get my money's worth. Since it was a holiday ( I went on Labor Day 09/02/13), the price was a little under $90 for two people.. . All in all, it was a normal buffet for me. I had some enjoyable delights there, but nothing that screamed to come back for more!
I hate to write negative reviews. But the truth isn't always pretty. . . I had high expectations.. like, really high. I thought I'd see many dishes listed as vegan. Nothing is listed as Vegan, except for a couple desserts. You have to pretty much look and guess.. or ask. If you're that committed. . . It started out great, the lines were short at 6pm on a Thursday. $100 for two people, one getting all you can drink wine. A good start! . . The choices aren't ABUNDANt, but good for a buffet. Who wants to get disgustingly full anyway? For a vegetarian, it's rather slim pickings, though. ANd many salads have cheese, so not many vegan choices... . . Ok, well, one plate into it, my mother ate an IN-EDIBLE pepper. IN-EDIBLE. She sat nearly crying (from spice) the rest of the meal. She wasn't able to enjoy her wine. She couldn't eat any more, because her tongue was meeting it's slow demise. . . I called the next day to talk to someone, and 30 mins and about 6 calls later... I got a rather unsympathetic response and no sympathy. I just wanted them to know to take this pepper out to save others from this same pain. They just simply offered for us to come back and "cut the line" as a compliment. Um... the mother is suffering from PTSD from the pepper... so... no... that's not happening. . . Long story short- try it for yourself. YOu will likely enjoy it. Just avoid the peppers. You will thank me.
I think this may be the second time yelp as led me astray which is pretty good!  I totally disagree with you guys though, this is not 4 stars.  It would be 4 stars if this was a $25 a person place but this is a $50 a person place.. . As others have stated the service is really poor.  I literally couldn't even get the waiter to look at me.  The selection was kind of small.  In my head I had imagined a Vegas buffet to be an expansive feast especially when you are paying so much but it wasn't that way at all.  I liked the food fine but my husband thought it was disguising and he barely nibbled at the plate.  They had a salad bar to the far right, followed by cheese, then they had an Italian section (pasta).  Probably the most disappointing part was the meat selection: fatty prime rib, fatty meatloaf, fatty sausage links, fatty brisket, and fatty waffled fried chicken.  I'm not even kidding!  They literally served the most fattening cuts of meat and took the one healthy option and fried it in waffle batter.  I think for this price they should have offered a roasted chicken or something of the sort.  After the meats they presented oil soaked cauliflower then Asian food, and finally shellfish.  The crab legs looked nice but buffet shellfish scared me so I didn't try them.. . The most impressive part was the dessert area.  I really loved the beautifully entry looking back into the glass paneled pastry kitchen.  If you can get a seat looking into the pastry kitchen I recommend it.  They had a wonderful selection of the desserts.  I tried 4 of them and most of them were pretty good.  . . Really everything in Las Vegas is so expensive that looking back this probably is an okay deal but to me the quality just wasn't there.  I wouldn't go back.
this is a GOOD buffet but not for the $ and for the 5 star reputation of the Wynn. I went for dinner, about $35 per person. The buffet is spacious but I don't think there are as many options as you would expect. A lot of the options are spaced out or repeated to give the illusion of more food. That being said most of the food is good and even great and some is even amazing. Sadly the crab legs SUCKED and i was disappointed greatly. For $20 i would give this place 5 stars, for $35, its getting 3. I recommend Bellagio buffet or the new Cosmopolitan buffet for a 5 star buffet. i know , I went to all 3 this past week.
CONDENSED IN A SOUP CAN: Maybe they beef up the quality of food on Holidays and special events.  For a regular Sunday brunch, I've had better elsewhere.. . THE MEAT: The gorgeous area you see in photos with a high glass ceilings and ornate decor is a miniscule area of the buffet, sniff.  For the majority of people you will be seated at a space that lack the typical Wynn grandeur.  As for the food, there were only a few items that were, well, pleasant.  The bacon pork belly was great, as well as the gelato and the sesame flavored edemame (yum!).  Unfortunately the other items were lacking in luster.  The sushi was... bad... huhuhu.  Please improve the quality of your very basic rolls.  Pretty please.  And the charcuterie too was... sigh... not good enough for you to want more.  Seafood items were ok, but the rest that I've tried from breakfast to entrees to desert would need a trip to the detention room (and a good spanking).  The silver lining is the accommodating and friendly staff.  . . I'M STILL DIGESTING... That horrid salami and California maki.  Much cheaper buffets get these 2 right.. . WANT TO SEE SOME FOOD PORN? :-) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-buffet-las-vegas-6?select=UfzgCqlBXSJP9okn_y7-0w#7t5Tif3Kt8SLQjl5b7uHCA
Came here cause it was in travel channels top buffets. Service was awesome don't get me wrong just the food didn't live up to my expectations.
Beautiful place, huge selection of food. Too bad the majority of the food is pretty average. There are a few items that are winners, but I suggest trying a tiny amount of everything first to find those gems. . . Is it me, or does the quality of buffets go down after it has been open awhile? I remembered when I first went here when it was newly opened, the quality of food was really great. But now it seems that the emphasis is on quantity rather than quality.
We went here twice as my husband loved it the first time we went to the buffet.  The buffet area was clean and it great condition.  The food was good but wished the food was a bit warmer.  I didn't like the fact that they required you to tip beforehand and wrote on your bill how much you were tipping the server.  This seemed ridiculous to me as a tip is dependent on the quality of service you receive.. . The second time we went to the buffet, it was not as good as some of the food was cold and some of the food didn't appear as fresh.. . I would like to see more fruit choices and some lower calorie dessert options like some of the other buffets have.
My boyfriend and I stopped by for breakfast right before lunch hours. As we looked around most breakfast items was already taken away. I guess we should of came a bit early to get breakfast items. And for desserts, I find that their cakes and cookies are too dry.. . This place is just nice too look at. Nothing special.
For curiosity and logistic reasons, we visited the Buffet at Wynn as they were within our walking distance and we have never been there before.  The wait is about average compared to other buffets on the Strip.  I always find it awkward to tip before served at the cashier.. . They got an ok varieties starting with Pasta near the entrance, meat, Asian, and seafood was at the end.  All the crab legs were cold.  The Asian dishes were meh.  The meats were decent.  The seafood was ok fresh.  The desserts were ok, the crepe guy was entertaining though.  . . We felt there was not enough selection compared to other buffets on the Strip.  For the price we paid, there are better quality buffet on the Strip.  I think it will take some changes to bring me back for another round.
So I finally got the chance to eat at this fancy buffet. The wait wasn't too bad considering how long the Bucchanal buffet lines are; however, the line was long enough to indicate that the food must be good. Well I was wrong. The food was ok at best, but nothing out of the ordinary. The home run winners are the meat selections, and that's not too much to choose from. . . My server was not doing her job at all. She took one plate off my table with my hour of being there. I asked for a refill of water, and I never got one. Oh, and a server left someone else's dirty plate of food on my table, GROSS! Needless to say, I won't be returning to this buffet. Wynn, you could do better.
An OK buffet. Given a ridiculous line, I would expect the food is awesome. Alas, while the selection is immense, there is nothing spectacular about it. For example, sushi selection is limited to only 4 usual suspects (california roll, unagi, tempura sushi), no fancy dim sum in Chinese section but a regular pot sticker or nice meat selection. While selection is standard, nothing was bad either. The unlimited Alaskan crab legs were a plus for an otherwise regular buffet if you can wait in long lines. There is an extra for $20/person for VIP lines which get you to your table in 10 minites instead of 2 hours. Something to consider if you REALLY want to try this place an yet short on time.
Great presentation of food with beautiful opulent decore should satisfy most standards. . . Food at The Buffet is definitely quality over quantity. Food selections are limited to only hand full of choices, but are prepared in a way how a fine dinning restaurant would serve them. Drinks were very refreshing as well as fresh. The service however was bit of a disappointment. The waitstaff at the table and at the food station did not match the level of expectations one could have when visiting such establishment.
The selection and the taste were OK at best. The Wicked Spoon buffet at the Cosmopolitan wins on both counts as well as on friendlier service. Compared to a few years ago, the buffet at Wynn seems to be on a decline.. . The garden-like central area is nice but it's pretty small and most of the people are seated in much less nicely decorated areas.
As a Vegan visiting Las Vegas for the first time from the UK, I'd done a little research as to where I would be able to eat relatively close to the strip. I'd heard from a close friend that this would accomodate a vegan diet as the owner of The Wynn was vegan himself.. . We arrived in plenty time knowing there would be a relatively long queue, but the wait overall wasn't too bad- roughly 30-45 minutes. The seating, as far as my first buffett goes, wasn't bad at all. Good space between tables and clean tables.. . When I went up to pick my first plate, to be honest, I was a little disappointed. I went over the whole buffet to see what the vegan options were like and I wasn't really impressed. There were some potatoes and mixed vegetables (which, to be fair, are standard fair at any restaurant), also some rice dishes. However, there wasn't anything set out particularly for vegan customers. I asked a few chef's at each section if there was an available vegan option (or if a dish was vegan that wasn't labelled as such) and at each section I was told "no" or "not available". Which, again, was surprising to me, considering the owner of the hotel is known for "accommodating" vegan customers. . . The desert options matched this also, but to be fair the few options available to vegans- tapioca, especially made chocolate-chip muffins and sorbet- were more than adequate to finish of the buffet experience. . . However, overall, I feel that $40.00 for this experience was very expensive for a vegan customer looking to get something a little better considering the basis behind the buffet. A shame really!
After visiting LV for 5 times, I finally tried out the buffet. The food is generic, environment is less luxury. Like wicked spoon a little bit more. Haven't tried Ceases place buffet this year, but they were really good for last years' new year Eve dinner. Service is not bad.
