Call me crazy, but I can't help but be a little disappointed. Ordered a pound of shrimp, mild with the special seasoning, and some sweet potato fries to take back to the hotel. Mild my a**! I had to have a drink after every few pieces of shrimp. Eventually the garlic from the seasoning started to get too intense. Took a slight break (Oh you know, head over to Aria to grab a Four Loko and back.) before finally finishing up the bag. The fries were a tad soggy, even though they had poked holes through the container to let the steam escape. My room could have been mistaken for another Hot N Juicy location because it sure smelled like it once I was finished. I'll give myself some redemption and actually eat inside the restaurant next time.
I have been here many times and usually get the shrimp.  This time I got crawfish and I kick myself for doing it.  The crawfish were so small and soft that they were a pain in the butt to eat.  A few were so small that I just ate the whole thing shell and all.  It was like eating a soft shelled crab.  Oh well, live and learn.  No more crawfish for me, I'll stick to the shrimp.
Great food, but couple of pointers.. . 1. You will stink, for a while. I can still smell garlic (probably coming out of my pores) a day later. So you probably don't want to take a date here.. . 2. King crab legs are good, but the shell is actually very soft, so that makes it very hard to break the shell to get to the meat.. . 3. If you order 2 pounds of crawfish, expect to get less... because we had quite a few tiny crawfish in our bag.
I saw this spot on man v. food and thought I'd give it a try when i'm in town.  It smelled delicious when we walked in and reminded me of home.  I missed crawfish so much I made it a mission to visit this place.  They had a variety of flavors to choose from and there are other seafood items on the menu as well.  My favorite was the garlic butter crawfish I just wish I heeded the reviews and ordered the mild instead of the medium spicy.  I feel like I would've enjoyed the flavor more because it was burning my mouth.  Everything was good but because I'm from the south it doesn't quite compare.  I'd give this place 3 1/2 stars.
So I saw this place on the Man vs. Food so I had to try it when I went to Vegas with my Family. The place was cute. Lots of pictures of past customers. Some familiar faces on the wall. We ordered the crawfish and King crab.. The flavor was mediocre.. like many of the other crawfish restaurants I've been to but the king crab was delicious. A little over price though.
Nothing beats Boiling Crab BUT I must say that this place has no waiting time and perfect for big parties. So, kudos for that. The shrimp is fairly large size. FRESH crawfish is definitely a MUST. We tried the frozen ones since they ran out of fresh ones and it didn't do justice. The cajun sauce medium was tough to handle.. Whenever we go here, it's always a hit or miss; always too hot. Also, the last time we went here, we got charged over $50 because of miscommunication with the servers. So, make sure that your tab is accurate or else, you will spend 30 minutes trying to figure it out with the main server. I think our server was new and granted that we had a big party, we were very patient with her.
EH. My friend makes better crawfish. I kept hearing about this place and finally tried it. I dont think I would highly reccomend it. I would go back because it was a fun place to eat, but I wouldn't go through the trouble of trying to find it or trying to get there. All the other side dishes weren't to die for either. BUT! Props on the oysters on the half shell, mmmmm.
Located off the Strip but definitely worth the trip! Hot N Juicy lives up to its name. Get the Canjun spicey sauce with crawfish, shrimp, crab or other crustaceans. I personally found Hot N Juicy's crawfish a bit on the small side. However the sauce is unbelievable! Service can be a bit slow. Price is extremely fair. Parking can be a pain as the lot is small and you may have to park outside on the streets.
My boyfriend saw this place on Man Vs. Food and it is only about a 5 minute drive from the strip. . . Not bad. We arrived at 12:30PM ready for seafood. Yet, we were seated, given menus, then as we attempted to order we were informed that they are not currently serving crawfish. The item they are known for! UNACCEPTABLE! We came here for the crawfish, thats what we wanted, so why would we order something else. The waitress expanded that they just received a shipment so their crawfish are frozen. First off, hearing frozen was a huge turn off. I live in the San Francisco Bay Area so our seafood here is FRESH. Yet I had to remind myself that Vegas is in the desert so fresh seafood here is unlikely. . . We rolled our eyes and blew the joint. I swear I would be back but for the rest of the day I was getting puppy eyes from the honey so I agreed to give them a second try and attempt dinner.. . We arrived again at 5:30 and we were seated after 10 minutes. We ordered a pound of Hot & Juicy Special in Medium and one pound of shrimp in Garlic Butter medium and a side of sweet potato fries. First off there is not one positive thing that I can recall about the fries so I would recommend ordering a bowl of rice instead. Yes, order rice over fries. I never thought I would recommend that to anyone. Ever.. . My favorite flavor was the Hot & Juicy! It was packed with flavor and mighty tasty! The Garlic Butter was good too! I would both order them again. The heat levels here though are a little off, if you want hot, order medium, etc. I would beware the extra spicy! . . The placegot pretty crowed around 6:20 and I was happy we arrived fairly early. The service here is lagging. You have to notify your waiter(ess) if you want more water. They don't really pay attention the details. . . I would go back if I lived there and needed a crawfish fix, but on my next Vegas trip or any after I will not be visiting Hot and Juicy. It was good, but it wasn't THAT good. . . (I took off a star for not having crawfish when I went initially FYI). . OH and yes, my paws smelled 2 days after. The amount of soap didn't matter. The order sinks in! Kinda yucky.. . Happy ripping off the heads of crawfish! . . (=
Based on the food, I'm giving Hot n Juicy a 3. Service was fine and prices are reasonable. But overall I'm not a huge fan of the food. We ordered a pound of crawfish, shrimp, extra corn. Not bad not good. Beware that you and all your belongings that enter Hot n Juicy will continue to smell like Hot n Juicy for quite a while!
Food was yummy but the service was so so. Our appetizer arrived after our entree and having asked about it twice.
When I think of Hot n Juicy, my first thought is not crawfish. Probably more along the lines of Megan Fox, Denise Richards, or Megan Good. Crawfish has always been a tough food for me to try. It looks like a ghetto version of a lobster crossed with shrimp and for the longest time I have given it the nickname of "Little Cockroach". I always felt why would you eat a crawfish on purpose? It's like choosing ground beef when you can have steak. Shrimp has always been my favorite weapon of choose for any of these cajun "Boiling Crab" type places, because of the efficient flavor to value ratio. A Crawfish is usually about 9 to 10 bucks a pound and is about 60% shell and 40% meat (I will later find out 90% shell or greater and less than 10% meat). Trust me for a pound of crawfish. You will pay a handsome penny and will not have enough meat to make a crab salad or even an appetizer with crackers. . . How did you find out about Hot N Juicy Crawfish? How does it taste though?? How's the quality? Stop being negative! You might say.. . I am guilty of watching Man Vs Food like the majority of all the yelp reviews for this restaurant. Normally, MVF's track record has been fairly poor, but this is different! Who doesn't like Asian flavors crossed with Cajun style? That's like saying you don't like Amerie (so hot!) or Hines Ward (not as hot). I ordered 1 lb Shrimp and 1lb of Crawfish to give Crawfish a try and have my shrimp as a back up, both Hot n Juicy style. . . The shrimp was great of course, although it was slightly under cooked. I think that's because maybe no one ever orders shrimp. It was a nice big size almost Jumbo shrimp sized and it tasted pretty good with the Hot N Juicy sauce, but nothing to jump out of your seat over. Shrimp is a dollar more than crawfish, but its worth it, because it is 95% meat and 5% shell. Time for my first taste of crawfish! At first, I honestly did not know how to eat it. I tried using my shrimp peeling skills, but I looked like a squirrel trying to get a nut. I finally swallowed my pride and asked one of the pretty waitress to help show me how to suck head. Get your mind out the gutter!!! Ha ha.. but that's how you are suppose to eat crawfish. You first suck the head, that's what she said (that's what she said) then you eat the meat. Hmmm.. Good thing this review is PG. The flavor of the juicy coming from the crawfish was a lot better than the shrimp! The taste is very delicious. It's like sipping a hot bowl of pho and some zesty tomato based Italian dish. Maybe that's a bad analogy. Let's say the restaurant smelled and tasted like a cross between a Vietnamese/Chinese restaurant and a Cajun grill. . . If you look around the restaurant you will see nothing, but people with smiles on their faces. This is unusually, because most restaurants I go to most people look impatient or serious. This is definitely a plus! My rating might be a tad bit harsh, but I feel it is truly honest. I do recommend that you give Hot N Juicy a try, only if you get there early and don't mind driving in to "Chinatown" (didn't see many Chinese places mostly Vietnamese restaurants, but all Asians look a like right? Don't answer that). If you are from Orange County and are spoiled by the Boiling Crab and other restaurants like it, be warned you may not like this place. There is less spicy and a little less flavor. If you are a Asian Cajun newbie, this will be a great start for you. I will go back again with my friends that have watched Man Vs Food, but I'm not a fan of great head with no meat, no pun intended.
I have to say I am a bigger fan of Crawdaddy's in San Jose, CA than I am of this place - both the service and the food (well, the sauce) is better at Crawdaddy's.. . We ordered a pound of crawfish, a pound of shrimp, two corns and cajun fries. We ordered both the crawfish and shrimp with the Hot N Juicy special sauce which is supposed to be a combination of all of the sauces - the crawfish came out with that sauce and luckily they made a mistake and our shrimp came out with just the garlic butter sauce.  I was not feeling the Hot N Juicy sauce - it tasted weird with the garlic butter, lemon pepper and whatever else was in there, it was just too much. The garlic butter that was on the shrimp was really good though, we got medium spice and there were some nice chunks of garlic which is my favorite part :) Both the shrimp and crawfish were big - no tiny suckers here which I did appreciate because when you get a tiny crawfish it's quite annoying - all that work for nothing. My favorite part is always the corn because they sit it in the bag with the shrimp and it soaks up all the juice and every bite you get the sweet corn with the spicy garlic buttery taste - ABSOLUTELY AMAZING I'll tell ya! I think if we never got the Hot N Juicy sauce I would have liked the crawfish better.. . The service was okay - we got some jock looking like dude.  He was nice but we had asked for extra sauce and some extra corns - waited about 10 minutes, didn't see the guy and when we finally spotted him he was just kicking it behind the counter chatting it up with the girls. In my head I'm thinking "COME ON FOOL!  I WANT MY CORN AND EXTRA SAUCE! WTF YOU TALKING FOR?! THAT WON'T GET YOU A GOOD TIP!" haha.. we didn't end up getting our corn until the end of our meal along with the check - I guess we could just call that our dessert ;). . Thanks to MVF we came, we saw and we tried some pretty good food but I think if were in Vegas again we wouldn't come back.
Definitely not the best crawfish I've had but it did fill my craving.  . . I ordered the XXX spicy and the waitress was concerned because apparently it's too spicy for some.  The waitress made me a bit nervous but once the crawfish came out it wasn't that spicy.  Since my family is from Louisiana and I've had frequent crawfish boils I can tell when crawfish is uber spicy because my lips start to swell.  Hardly the case here.  Either way it's worth a try to fill the craving.
There were at least 4 flavors of crawfish to get here. The sauce was good and it did not leave me sick with an upset stomach. The shrimp was yummy too. The mild flavor was lacking taste but that's no surprise.
As a Louisiana native, I love crawfish. So when I wanted to try out this place, I wasn't expecting some awesome crawfish in Las Vegas. When we got there, the place was packed and a crazy line out the door, so I thought it may have decent crawfish so I decided to wait 45 mins to get seated. Anyway, once we got in there, the menu confused me because there were a million different flavors of crawfish to choose from, which is unlike anything I've ever seen; the most flavor you usually choose from in the south is if you want them extra spicy or not. There were 3 of us, so we got a few pounds of crawfish to try out, of different flavors to start, we also got fried catfish, and an order of crab legs. .    The crawfish were surprisingly pretty tasty! But the catfish didn't taste very good at all, and the crab legs were okay, but extremely overpriced and not for a good reason. Anyway, if I'm craving crawfish again in Vegas, and have time to wait for a seat, I'd go back but I'd only order the crawfish and nothing else.
I'm comparing this to Boiling Crab...it's not as good and here's why...the sauce is different, kinda tastes like they put cream in there, not worse just different. The clams were not washed well and had sand bits in them. Anyone who's bit into a grain of sand knows what I'm talking about. The catfish basket was more expensive, had a subpar batter and had much less catfish than they give at BC. One thing I'll give them credit for is their shrimp...big and super fresh. BC has tendency for old shrimp that become mushy, so this is one area BC could improve on.
==================================================. . Updated again: . . . They were actually closed, this time, due to health violations in 2010...info from the Las Vegas Review Journal "Restaurant Report": http://www.lvrj.com/taste/restaurant-report-105329198.html. . Personally I could care less if a restaurant get's downgraded due to violations because they often are just a bunch of minor things but I am strict, personally, about seafood restaurants. I've eaten at B and C retaurants before...not often..but I have and it was no big deal. But yeah...actually being shut down? Nah. Not for me, because it's seafood. It's up to YOU to make that decision. Most of you may not care, but people like me would want to know if they're going to chow down on shrimp and crawdads.. . You would be surprised how many seafood places get downgraded but I don't often read about closures. Anyways...if you want to still eat here I have an idea that may solve things. Watch the restaurant reports and go after the reinspections because they would have fixed all of the problems. I think that's the best one can do with these cases, if you want to eat there but you're still worried.. . ==================================================. . Original update:. . I loved the food when I ate there but it's kinda ruined it for ME, because of an old news alert put on Channel 13 action news back in 2009. I just discovered this today as I was researching the art festival First Friday.. . I was conflicted about  updating my rating, because it's such old news, but I knew I would have wanted to know anyways, if I were perusing Yelp, so that others could make an informed decision of their own.. . I downgraded my rating to A-OK, which is 3 stars. It's not bad, it's not good. I'm more interested in being neutral about this place and letting you decide for yourself.. . I had my bad experience in July. The owner addressed the problems in August, to my satisfaction. Then in November they got a C rating with the Health Department.. . If you google the Vegas channel 13 news website for their segment called "Dirty Dining", you will find they had run an article on Hot N Juicy  Crawfish about many health district violations from about the time I wrote my reviews.  . . The News channel aquired the records of the health inspection which were archived as PUBLIC records. They publish them as a community service. . . -----------. . I think it's commendable he fixed the problems listed on the report. Just like he fixed the problems I experienced when I had a bad time there. I admit I'm a little freaked out these problems were there when I was eating there but oh well. I never got sick!. . So the final verdict is this:. . 1) The food tasted great!. . 2) They've kept their A rating since the 1 time downgrade to C in Nov 2009 by the health department. That's GOOD! They're most likely safe to eat at and you'll have a wonderful time! It's never happened again, and I believe people and habits can change.. . 3) After reading their reviews, service still seems to be inconsistent, as the norm.. . It's just my PERSONAL decision to not eat there any more because I can't get their past violations out of my head after reading the report, but that's just ME.. . I'm on the lookout for a new place to try when I have cravings for messy seafood. Any suggestions?
There's nothing like hearing you boss suggest that we should go to "Hot and Juicy" for dinner after a long day of work. Just saying the name made me feel a bit inappropriate around my boss. . . Nonetheless, Hot and Juicy has decent shrimp and craw fish and the wait time wasn't absurd.  The staff is pretty friendly and accommodating. Their seasoning isn't as good as Boiling Crab, something is off with the flavor. I think the lack of butter or oil or something.....but its not as intense as BC which I guess is good for someone like me, who's stomach can't handle the spicyness of BC sometimes. Either way, I left very full and satisfied but if Boiling Crab ever moves into town, Hot and Juicy better watch out!....just sayin.
I wanted to avoid the overpriced Vegas strip restaurants during this most recent visit so I decided to check out some eateries off the beaten path.  I love crawfish and I'm a huge Boiling Crab and was very excited to check this place out, especially after all the positive reviews.. . The ambiance was cool and laid back, and the staff was actually very helpful and accommodating.  The better half and I decided to each do 2 lbs of crawfish, both in the hot n juicy flavor but mine in medium spice and hers in spicy.  We also split a side of fried calamari.. . The amount of food we ordered was actually dead on and the calamari added a nice contrast to the crawfish.  The crawfish, however, was just okay.  Perhaps my expectations were too high but as other reviewers have mentioned, there's something off about the flavor.  It was a bit bland, even though I could see tons of garlic on every single crawfish.  Dipping it in the lime w/salt, pepper and chili powder helped a little but the flavoring was still a bit lacking.. . All in all, it was an okay meal.  Would I come back?  Probably not but it was a nice alternative to food on the strip.
I wanted to celebrate my friends birthday on my day off so I decided to treat her and her fiance to some Hot and Juicy Crawfish.  I grew up in so cal where Boiling Crab reigns supreme, and after moving to Vegas I've had an empty void that needed filling.  I saw the Man vs Food episode and I've read the reviews before stepping in, So I came in excited, hungry and craving crawfish.   . . Between the 3 of us this is what we ordered. dozen raw oysters, catfish basket, 2# shrimp hot n juicy special very spicy with corn and sausage, and 1# crawfish hot n juicy special medium spicy.. . The only complaint about the service was that our raw oysters, which should have been the first thing to come out, showed up on the table last.. . Raw Oysters- accompanied by cocktail sauce, lemons, horse radish and tabasco.  I'm a big fan of oysters and these were decent in size (comparable to hama hama), but without any accompaniments they were very bland.  Oysters are suppose to taste like the sea, but these were washed so much they tasted watery and flavorless.  . . Catfish basket- breaded in a cornmeal crust served over a bed of french fries and accompanied by ketchup and tartar sauce.  Personally I'm not a big fan of cornmeal breading, but I can't really hold that against the establishment and their recipe.  Catfish was moist and flaky and had a hint of cayenne which perfected the "Southern" flavor.  I actually enjoyed this the most.  . . Shrimp hot n juicy special very spicy-  We ordered this with corn and sausage, both of which were awesome.  the corn was sweet and complimented the spice well. the sausage was spicy and tender and added a bold meaty flavor to the sauce for the shrimp.  the "hot n juicy special" sauce isn't as flavorful as I expected, and the "very spicy" here is comparable to  "medium spicy" at Boiling Crab.  But the flavor was decent and the shrimp themselves were "okay".  Not the freshest shrimp I've ever had but they weren't rotten or anything, but what can you really expect in the middle of the desert? . . Crawfish hot n juicy special medium spicy-  I'm debating whether or not I should even review this item just because I should have known better than to order this when I already know that crawfish is out of season at this time.  Needless to say we received a previously frozen, bland, rubbery product.  So I'm just going to comment on the sauce, which was the same on the shrimp, but this had significantly less flavor.  Perhaps, more spicy=more flavor, or it could be that there wasn't sausage and corn in this bag to add to the flavor.  . . Maybe I'm being a bit unfair because I'm comparing this establishment to Boiling Crab.  However the food was decent and a better alternative to a lot of other restaurants I've been to in Vegas.  If I was asked to come here again, I would, but I don't see myself CRAVING Hot and Juicy Crawfish like I do for Boiling Crab.  I guess my best advice is if you're a Boiling Crab fan don't expect too much out of this place.  if you're just looking to satisfy a seafood craving this would be a good supplement while you're out in the middle of the desert.
Hot N Juicy is pretty good. I had a pound of shrimp with the Hot N Juicy special sauce (which I guess is a combo of all the sauce flavors). The shrimp was slightly overcooked which made them hard to peel, but the flavor of the sauce was excellent!. . I'm from Cali and I am a big fan of The Boiling Crab so the sauce is up there with Boiling Crab's whole shabang. My one complaint about the sauce would be that it was too watery/thin and it didn't stick to the shrimp very well.. . I also hadthe cajun fries and it wasn't my favorite as I've had better elsewhere.. . I hear they are opening a Boiling Crab out here in Vegas but until then, I'll probably be back if I ever have a craving.
I tried this place because I was in the area and saw it on Man vs Food.  I really wanted to taste their famous crawfish but the waitress said they're not in season and that the shrimp would be a good choice.  I went with the Hot n Juicy mild shrimp but it was too mild for my taste.  There was no kick in it.   The waitress wasn't much help even after telling her it was my first time there.  All I got a was a bag of shrimp, that's it.  I wasn't asked if I wanted any kind of sides or anything.
Saw this restaurant on Man vs. Food so wanna give it a try. It's very similar as Boiling Crab. Too bad it's not crawfish season so we didn't order it but the clam and snow crab legs are sooooooo good....We ordered hot n juicy special souse combination with medium spicy. However, the cajun fries is a soso dish....Service...OK. It's a fun place to have barbarian craving fun.
I would give this restaurant a three stars. Don't take me wrong I like Hot N' juicy Crawfish.However,if compare it with The Boiling Crab I prefer the boiling crab to the hot n' juicy crawfish.Why? It is because the boiling crab sauce is a bit more delicious and suit my taste better than the hot n' juicy crawfish.A bowl of rice here served in a small bowl so if you are a big eater it won't be enough. The hot n' juicy and the boiling crab has a similar menu except the boiling crab have gumbo and the hot n' juicy doesn't. . . However,if you are an alcohol drinker Hot N' Juicy Crawfish has an alcohol license while The Boiling Crabdoesn't serve alcohol. . . I would give this restaurant 3 or 3 1/2 stars.
Imagine Burger King running out of burgers. That's what happened when we went to this highly touted but somewhat hole-in-the-wall joint just outside of the Vegas strip. They didn't have any crawfish, which is what we came for (apparently due to seasonal unavailability...I jokingly told them to rename their restaurant). . . We didn't travel all this way to leave, so we ordered a pound of shrimp, cajun fries, corn fries, and fried calamari. Don't be surprised if the food is no-frills. Cajun fries were regular fries sprinkled with "cajun" spices. Umm, ok. Nothing to brag about, really. Decently priced, and portions were better than average. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again, and neither should you.
Only tried their soft shell crab basket and HNJ sauce. . Overall, it delivered but the batter was a bit salty. The sauce was of a thin consistency so it didn't really pair well with the cajun fries, and it only made the soft shell crab saltier. Would come back (if im in the area) to try the shrimp so I could better compare it with boiling crab.
it's good--but definitely not as good as boiling crab. plus maybe it was just the waitress we had but service really sucked and our waitress gave us attitude and kept messing up our order.
This is the third or so Crawfish restaurant I've been to. I've come to the realization that the effort required to enjoy these puppies is not worth it for me. :| . . The seasoning of the crawfish was nice (hot 'n juicy), although I enjoyed eating the shrimp more... maybe because there's more meat in the shrimp!? . . The restaurant got pretty busy, and I can easily see a wait being possible. If you head in around 6 or so, you shouldn't have a problem getting a table.
The food is good, fun atmosphere, attentive wait staff. The wife and I tried a pound of crawfish as well as a pound of shrimp. Delicious. The sweet potato fries were crisp, the calamari a bit bland.. . I get IT, I just don't like IT. I do not enjoy working this hard to feed myself. I do not enjoy how dirty/greasy one gets. I have done this once, I'm good, never again.
Ate here on a recent overnight visit for work.  . . Got serveral pounds of crawfish in hot and spicy.  I wasn't too impressed.  The sauce was good but the crawfish were kinda dried up and weren't juicy or slurpy at all.  Sausage, corn, etc is all good.. . We also got a couple lobsters at market price (I wasn't paying so I didn't see the bill).  The lobsters were good, better quality than the crawfish.  . . Overall I can't say that this place blew me out of the water.  If I'm up for something different then maybe. . . This is really a 2 star review but I'm giving them 3 cause their servers are great eye candy.
First, it's def. not as great as the one in Orlando! Second, the service was good and on point. Third, unfortunately they were all out of crawfish while we were there during a Thursday lunch. They finally restocked on some while we were leaving! =\ I really wanted to like it but I didn't.
We couldn't wait to try this place. Airport to hotel to drop bags and caught a cab straight there. It started off great. We had crawfish, etouffee, corn and potatoes. We were planning to order more  and kept waiting for the server to return. She never came back.  Finally after 30 minutes we walked up to the counter and asked for our check.  I let the person at the counter know we were forgotten about, no response. Our server was at the counter texting and didn't even look up.... Disappointed to say the least. Great tasting food but the crawfish were very small and the service was terrible.  Tip of the day, carry out is the way to go here.
i think the food here is excellent. the service is amazing, but 50% of the time they dont have crawfish =(
Saw this place on Man V Food and hubby insisted that we try it... . It's not bad.. but it's not great.. at least in my opinion.. . We ordered two dungeness crabs and a pound of shrip.  We got the hot and juicy combo sauce at the mild spice.  We also ordered rice and I got the etouffe.. . Being Filipino, we can't really eat anything without our rice.. and sadly, they ran out of rice and we had to wait about 15-20 minutes to get ours.  They were so nice and apologetic about it that they took the rice off of our bill and gave it to us for free!.  . The rice came out cooked, but a little on the drier side than I prefer.. I don't know if it was because they were in a hurry to get it out.. or if that's the way they just cook their rice.. either way.. I was glad I had the etouffe to moisten my rice up.. . The seafood was pretty good.  The sauce was a little runnier than what I'm used to.. we got to Bucket Crabs and Crawfish in Ontario and their sauce is thicker than here.. and that's something I prefer.  . . The sauce here at hot and juicy was spicy at the mild level and that's how we like it!. . If given a choice, I think I would still prefer Bucket Crabs than here..  it was a nice treat to get to eat at a place featured on TV tho..
Servers were nice and friendly.  Place was packed for lunch on a Saturday.  . . Compared to other places, their sauce was okay (Hot n Juicy flavor).  Fried calamari wasn't that great, not worth 9.95.  Fries were a bit over spicy; felt the fries were more spicier than the crawfish medium spiciness.  Crawfish and shrimps were pretty decent size.  . . Parking is a pain since it's a small lot; there's street parking on the side.
I think I've been spoiled by the likes of boiling crab in OC and the other 4 cajun seafood restaurants... . With that said, The service here was great. He went through the menu and let us know what was available. . . We had Medium, Hot and juicy  sauce 1 pound of crawfish and 4 pounds of shrimp, cajun fries and calamari. . . Let's just say that no one should ever let me order food. The sauce was pretty good but we couldn't finish 4 pounds of shrimp so ...
i don't even know why i'm reviewing this. i feel like i can't do it justice because i'm not really crazy about this kind of food to begin with ... but out of an obligation to being a good yelp steward, here goes nothing.. . no full bar. only beer and wine. of course, i can't even imagine drinking something else with a seafood boil so i guess that works. the seasoning is really good. i had the garlic butter something something skrrrrimp mild... and even mild was warm so be careful.. . it's a super popular place so either go early or prepare to wait. after you order, utensils will arrive in the form of a bib and gloves. get crackin'. hope you enjoy seeing what your insect of the sea delight looked like shortly before its demise because it is fully intact.. . they have a fried selection if that isn't your thing. ;-)
It's like boiling crab in the south bay...so if you've tried something similar, this place is not worth the trek. Personally, I don't think this type of food is worth a hour wait anywhere.
Been here, it's ok! It's no Boiling Crab & the taste will stay in your system for a whole week so beware!
They open at noon, we came around 12:30 and it was already packed with only 2 tables open.  Our group of 4 was greeted and seated quickly, but getting us menus and our orders took a while.  We saw another group who was seated after us get their menus, orders in, and drinks before we even got our menus.  We finally waved someone down after 15 min of servers walking past us, and he didn't seem very enthusiastic to help us.  He first said "So is it your first time here?" and I say yes, he says with (ugh)"it seems like its everyone's first time here today..." and goes on about how to order and everything.  We've been to other similar seafood places like this back home so we are not totally new to this type of place, but it was our first time.. still, whatever.. . The Hot n Juicy sauce here is awesome!  We ordered regular spicy, but I think we could handle extra spicy!  Its a nice garlic-buttery-spicy sauce.  My friend ordered the Garlic Butter sauce but it was not good at all.  . . The king crab legs are huge, and one order came with only 4 legs.  I was a little disappointed because the seafood places back home (very similar to this) serve more legs.. . The food also took forever to get to us.  We got our orders really far apart from each other, and they seemed to forget our rice.  The servers were prompt with filling our drinks though.
I heard about this place from a friend, and during my last trip to Sin City, made it a point to come here.  . . Got here around 8:00, and waited about 15 mins, which was not bad at all considering I normally wait around 2 hours at Boiling Crab.  . . Once we were seated, we ordered sweet potato fries,  the fried catfish basket, 1 pound of crawfish, 2 pounds of shrimp, both with the Hot n' Juicy sauce.  . . The hot and juicy sauce lacked flavor, we literally had to add salt to it  to liven it up. The sweet potatoes fries were not crispy, and the catfish had way too much batter.. . Eh , maybe I came on an off day, but I am willing to give this place another try.
My friends didn't realize that there were two locations which are fairly close together and so what had happened was that one group ended up being at one location while the other was at another, funny story lol. Anyways, so we are in Vegas and heard that this place was similar to The Boiling Crab & Crab Hut so we decided to check it out!. . Service: was kind, our waitress was helpful and attentive.. Atmosphere: pretty spacious, had a good amount of seating, and it seems to be bigger than the other location next to Mr.Tofu.. . Food: my bf & I shared 1 1/2lb of shrimp, mild, in hot n juicy sauce, fried catfish basket w/cajun fries, and two corn. Verdict?. . Pro: The hot n juicy sauce has a nice kick to it & pretty flavorful and it was nicely smothered over the shrimp. The two half corn on the cob was nearly drenched into the sauce which made the corn sweet from its own juices yet hot/juicy from the sauce. I also got to try my friend's corn fritters because I was curious to see how it tasted and to my liking it was awesome. I like the creamy yet sweet texture that happens when the corn ball is dipped into the batter and then fried. . . Eh: the "cajun fries" ... about them fries, it clearly wasn't cajun fries but merely fries with a splash of cajun seasoning over it. It was not the same... not what I imagined and had experienced at The Boiling Crab. Slightly disappointed, but at least the fries were not bad. . . Con: From the outside the crust appears to be crunchy but when I bit into the crust of the fried catfish I was in awe. It doesn't appear to be crunchy but semi chewy or had an interesting texture to it. The catfish was okay not as fresh. . . Overall, I didn't come here for the crawfish because I'm not really a big fan of that but I did enjoy some parts of my meal if not all. It was a good experience to try a new place but I think I have to stick to The Boiling Crab as still my favorite go to place for this type of meal.
An experience
To be honest with you this place is 5 stars for a lot of people.  The hot n juicy sauce over crawfish seemed to have everyone at the table addicted.  I did really like the clams with hot n juicy sauce.  I can see why everyone LOVES this place.  The prices are also pretty great.  The food however was a little too heavy for me.  I was looking for something more on the lighter side.  That being said, this off strip place, is really popular, and I'm sure you'd like it.
A-Okay. . I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again but I wouldn't rule it out if it was a convenient choice and my group was large. We had a party of 8, ordered lots of things and just shared with the table. The service was friendly and attentive, the prices weren't bad, and the place was pretty clean inside even though both locations on this street are in raunchy strip malls, and this location has very little parking. . . Corn Fritters: hands down the best thing we had here . Cat fish: yummy corn meal battered and seasoned perfectly. Calamari: lightly battered fried golden okay on the seasoning. Cajun Fries: a delicious smoldering fire in my mouth. Plan Fries: Blah. Juicy Cajun med spicy, and lemon pepper pounds of shrimp: okay very large juicy shrimp that were fresh, but they should marinate the shrimp in their many sauces or seasonings for a while before boiled or use more seasoning while boiling the sauce just didn't stick making the shrimp pretty bland. . Corn: Pretty good balanced the shrimp, although my mother didn't like that they put her piece in the juicy Cajun sauce instead of on the side. (simple fix if we return she can ask for it on the side so no biggie). Mozzarella sticks: okay nothing to write home about, jar marinara sauce  . Sausage: Good and spicy I enjoyed the slices that were in the juicy Cajun sauce with the shrimp. Sweet Potato Fries: I'm just not a fan of these but a few people at the table that are a fan said they were standard. . So the reason this place has 3 stars: . . 1. Food was just okay I've been to places just like this before with kicked up flavor with more menu options . 2. I don't drink soda and all they offer is soda and beer, no lemonade no iced tea (even though the website says they have iced tea, major fail for me)??? I was puzzled by this pretty much every restaurant I go to offers at least one non soda option. 3. The timing for their food is completely retarded our food came out at least 8 minutes apart from each other like they have one boiling pot and one fryer.. the shrimp came out first (not our appetizers?) then the calamari dinner then the appetizers, then after 10 more minutes the 3 catfish dinners so half the table was done eating when the last 3 meals came out once again major fail!
Gave this place another chance.  Tried to come here for my birthday a few months ago, only to face a 45 minute wait, a trip to their 2nd location, a waitress dumping a full soda on our table and finding out there was no crab - blue crabs, Dungeness crab, snow crab , king crab - NONE at all - only when our server took our order.  This time, I called ahead and yes, they had crab available.  . . Pros - . . No wait at 6:15 on a Friday night. Beverages refilled promptly. Servers were friendly. Food was good. . Cons -. . Two of us ordered Dungeness crab; and server gave each of us a claw cracker tool, and that was it.  No fork, no pick, not even a butter knife or even one of those "sea sheller" plastic gadgets.  How did they expect anyone to eat crab without any other tools?  One of us ordered the lobster, and he did get the sea sheller tool.  When I asked for two more, the server said she wasn't sure if they had more, but she would look!  Come on, it's a SEAFOOD restaurant, and you can't give your customers something as simple as a plastic tool to open crab legs?  She did manage to bring two more to our table.. . Only the crawfish included corn & potatoes.  I can understand not including sausage with boiled seafood, but one tiny potato and half an ear of corn for three people added $4 to our bill.  How hard could it be to just include this in every boiled seafood menu item?  Petty money grab, IMO. And . . .. . Sausage, corn and potatoes were brought to the table 10 minutes before we got our seafood.  They were cold by the time we ate them with our seafood.. . Marinara sauce with mozzarella sticks from appetizer menu was cold.. . Seasoning description on menu could have had more information.  I have no idea what was in "Juicy Cajun" or "Louisiana Style" - White pepper?  Black pepper?  Red pepper?  Paprika?  No clue whatsoever with no information in the menu, and server didn't know either.. . Parking lot is too small for the capacity of the restaurant.  . . If you go -. Call ahead and ask if they have the seafood you want. Park on the street. If you plan on ordering crab, bring your own crab tools. Tell your server to bring the corn and potatoes with your seafood.
HNJ Crawfish is just ok. For some reason my friend got his food right away and I didn't get mine for another 20 minutes by which time he had already finished. . . I got the snow crab and it was decent though nothing special imo.
My friend took us to this place off the strip.  He was really craving some Cajun-style seafood and he definitely knew of this place.  It's one of his favorites.  As for me, it's just A-OK.. . They have really great service here.  Even though we were here with only half the party, they sat the first half and let us order first.  It took over 30 minutes for the other half of our party to arrive.  That was really accommodating.. . I had some of the shrimp and corn with the hot'n'juicy seasonings.  It was good and what I expected out of this place.  Decently fresh seafood with some spices.. . The things I don't like about these places are that they aren't environmentally friendly at all.  You're doing this picnic style with plastic bags, styrofoam cups, plastic utensils.  They even dole out rolls of paper towels.  I can't get behind that kind of restaurant or paying through the nose to de-shell my own seafood.. . Still, the food is above decent and I always love me some good seafood.
Went here on a Thursday night. I was craving fried catfish. The place was packed, so I figured that's usually a good sign of good food. I can't say I was completely wrong, but I wasn't satisfied. See, down in the Bayou, we don't "bread" our catfish. It's more like a cornmeal batter.. This place's catfish was heavily breaded and wasn't what I expected after hearing so many good things about Hot N Juicy. Not enough flavor, but at least the Sapporo was good! I'm sure that the specialty here is the crawfish (which I'll have another time), but that's a different review. Service was great and the girls working were full of spunk, polite and respectful.
Talk about a feast! Come hungry, leave stuffed! There was a 20 minute wait (friday night, not bad) and there was a line of about 25 + people outside waiting to be seated. I ordered the Blue Crab, garlic-butter-was pleasantly surprised. Spice levels are about 10 notches higher than whatever you order so BEWARE. Prices are reasonable, food was good.
I think the food was good and the service was better than good. I think my review comes down to how messy the food is and much you have to work to get to it. I will prob try this place again but I am not sure if it is really that special. If you love seafood and working to eat it than this might just be your place. If you are not a big seafood fan than I think you might think about this place the same as I did. . . I had crawfish, shrimp and crab. I enjoyed two out of the three, though there was a lot of work getting the crawfish and the crab as to be expexted I guess. I enjoyed the shrimp most which I ordered medium with sausage, corn and potatoes. If I come back here again this is what I will be ordering. . . Overall for me just an ok place to eat. Prob a little over hyped.
It tasted great. The service was great. . . ....but a terrible thing happened.. . I ordered the king crab and clams. While I was eating a clam; I piece of a prawn's exoskeleton creeped into my mouth. . . I cannot handle tentacles and the sauce was loaded with prawn parts!. . I realize that this is a place that your "food touches" but pawns are just the things of nightmares and it kinda spoiled the crab. (and for $26 a pound.... it shouldn't be spoiled with drifting pieces-parts of other animals.)
my rating is low bec. I compared "Hot N Juicy" with "Boiling Crab". . #1 the waitresses in boiling crab is hands down way cuter and friendlier. there was a server that we asked "how long is the wait, we have been waiting 15min already", he replied "well good for you" then left. I was ready to punch that idiot there and then..... . i calmed down and we were seated in a booth. . #2 the booth made my back hurt. It was sinking too much in the butt area and was not giving way in the legs area. if you were there to lounge and have some drinks, this would have been nice but you need to eat on the table and it was a task to lean forward for us to eat.. . we ordered 2 lbs. of crawfish with the special sauce in mild level(mild level was for my  Girlfriend)..... . #3 their mild level sauce is like a hot level sauce. I am not a big fan of spicy hot stuff but i could take some heat. I like wasabe, kimchi, the rooster sauce, tabasco i even eat a pickled jalopeno on its own with out trouble.but the mild sauce that this place offers made the surrounding of our lips look like it had wind burn. either the waitress or food server made a mistake or their mild level is way too hot to be mild.. . so bottom line: WILL I GO BACK.....NO!, "Boiling Crab" is just a few minutes away
This review is for the location closest to hwy 15. . . The reason for 3 stars, their 'mild' was still very spicy that I could not enjoy the food as much as I wanted to.  And the crab (whole dungeness crab) that my friend ordered was not packed with meat.  It was if the middle cavity, which is the best part of the crab, had all the meat taken out.  Weird. . . Otherwise, the shirmps were jumbo and sweet.  The service was spot on.  Our server Javier was very attentive given a busy Friday night. . . Gloves were given to each table in case you didn't want to get your hands covered in sauce.  Crab crackers were also given at every table who ordered crab.  Free soda refills table side was given at the drop of the hat.
I had visited this place for the very first time and I did not have a good experienced eating here. I had place a mild order for the sauces on a pound of shrimp. I guess they have a different interpretation of mild. I could not taste the shrimp because it was too hot for me. So that was a negative point  for me and I did not went back for a while. . . Our usual place was not open till 3PM we could not wait any longer because we were hungry and we thought to give this place another try. This time I ordered a pound of shrimp with no spice at all zero! It came out good but they missed out one order. I have to ask 3 times!for that...  Have to waved somebody to have a refill etc... I did not want to elaborate more on to the negativity of the service. I rather suggest for the improvement. . . More added help would be nice, so we the customer can get more the attention on our dining experience. Good service good  tip..works both ways. More training on the wait staff on how to take orders. One of these days maybe we will be back and give it another try and update this rating. I hope it will be a better experience with a great review. Who knows third time might be a charm.
Get ready to get messy and sloppy (in a sober way).. . Went here with a friend cause he was drunk and hungry. Yeah, I had to babysit.. . Ordered 2 pounds of crawfish (so I can get corn and potato), mild spicy-ness and hot and juicy flavoring. Mmmm-mmmm-mmm! Delish.. . Do expect to get your hands dirty. Use a spoon to scoop out some of that deliciousness of juice onto your crawfish (after peeled). But expect the service to be just okay. They forgot to get me my bucket of calamari.. . For the price, it's aight. Kinda expensive but hey, it's still good. Why 3 stars? 1. they need to expand and 2. service needs to be good or better.
This place is an experience.  The shrimp and crawfish (order by the pound) come in these plastic bags that are filled with sauce.  Sometimes your sides will come in the bags as well (sausage, or corn on the cob).  You can experiment with different sauce combos.  You get to wear a bib and gloves so you don't get dirty, but you will somehow manage to get sauce on your pants or something.  It's a pretty novel concept.  Service here is excellent!  They'll teach you how to eat crawfish and are very happy in general
its okay...kindy spendy for a little amount of food. . spent 22 dollar each person . . i got the blue grab and my friend got the 1 lb shrimp plus a dozen oyster.... . its good...but its kind of time consuming. . oysters are not good..... . if you like shrimp and crawfish than its good.... . if not... its only going to be okay....I prefer the boiling crab restaurant over hot and juicy
Stopped by on our way home from Vegas. The food was good, I actually like their sauce better than Boiling Crab (LA). However, the waitress def could not explain the spice levels to us, they way she talked about the food made me not order as much as I normally do. She basically said the Cajun fries are too hot, and to order the mild sauce because the medium is too hot for her. This was after I told her I like spicy foods. I def could of gone for the medium sauce, and I probably would of tries the Cajun fries if she didn't dissuade me from getting them. Not a great way to sell your product! Would of given then 4 Stars but they made one of my friend chicken wings instead of fried shrimp, it took foreeverrrr for it to get corrected and they still handed is a bill with the chicken wings (their mistake). Would go back but they need to work on their service.
came here for lunch because i've been wanting to find a good crawfish joint in las vegas and boiling crab just isn't cutting it.. . there are two hot n juicy on spring mountain and we went to the one that ISN'T next to pho kim long. you are greeted and served by a bunch of attractive girls and they all have head phones on. the crawfish here is pretty good but definitely nothing compare to houston's. (i love crazy cajun) we ordered the hot n juicy special with level spicy, but next time i'll definitely go for extra spicy. i also tried a little bit of the sausage and it was yummy! . . i'd go back again when i'm craving crawfish & i do recommend this place if you're ever in town and craving seafood.. . P.S they also have chicken nuggets and wings and such for kids.
When I saw this place we were expecting NOLA cajun crawfish. It was far from it.  The food  good for the most part, the spices and sauce were overwhelming. It was not spicy since i got mild. It was just so much in the bag. New Orleans crawfish boil is simpler but with big flavor. But i can see why people might like it here. Just not my cup of tea. However, the service was excellent. I am curious of how much plastic, styrofoam  and paper they throw out!
I went here to grab dinner one evening. My friend and I were seated quickly. The service, however, was slow after that. We had to track down a few waiters to ask for drinks and then order food. It didn't seem like a busy night. The food was alright, nothing that spectacular. I am glad I tried it once. If someone wanted to eat here again, I would. I am not sure I would go here from craving crawfish.
Who doesn't love a pound of spicy fish, a ridiculous bib, and some spicy Andouille  sausage. HnJ is always jumping and fairly packed with people so be prepared.   The shrimp aren't the pretty cooked ones you purchase from the grocery store so be prepared for eyeballs looking at you. I love this place and when they say spicy realize they mean it.
Came on a Saturday night and to my surprise, no wait around 7pm for a party of 2.  . . They pretty much put a plastic cover on your table (similar to a white trash bag) and it's kind of unappealing especially when they don't wipe the table dry underneath.. . The food was so good, but the service had its ups and downs. . . What to order -- crawfish (make sure it's fresh, not frozen!), shrimp, and snow crab legs -- all in the Hot & Juicy sauce. You can't go wrong with this sauce, but heads up... the MILD definitely has a kick to it! Also, get Cajun Fries as your appetizer if you're ordering a lot of seafood! It balances out your meal nicely. . . What NOT to order -- sausage. $2.75 for 6 thin slices of sausage that's bland and leaves a weird aftertaste? No thanks... . . I had also ordered a corn with my meal, but it never came in the bag. I told my waitress, and she apologized and said she would send on out, but it never came. Needless to say, she never checked the second time to ensure that the corn came out. To add to that, she brought out the check and charged us for the corn we never got and we had it removed from the bill. . . On to the service... our server Emma was great (minus the little corn incident) - however the other employees had sour attitudes and were kind of unwelcoming. Also, I get that it's a pretty laid back place, but there were a lot of unprofessional things I noticed during my meal. A lot of the employees had their cell phones hanging out of their back pockets and would check their phones on the floor. Also, a waitress stood by the door and slipped some gum into her mouth. Um, gross? Couldn't you do that in the back or something? . . Overall, I'd probably be back to Hot & Juicy, but I'd try the newer location.
