this place is great in terms of quality food, spectacular service and ambiance... but the menu is quite boring and country-clubbish=a very classy Outback Steakhouse. but this place simply offers amazing prices as an upscale strip steakhouse.. . the steak was done to perfection, if heavily peppered(not a bad thing for a steak), and sides are served country-style for the entire table, which makes for great dining with friends visiting the strip; however, dessert was boring(i expect more creativity here at any steakhouse). . . Highlights: . --wine was cheap . --service/decor/ambiance were impeccable(balanced and classy). --steak was good, but other options were lacking or simply not creative. --not a good choice, if you despise "old-school" menus
We had a really nice meal at Del Frisco's, with great steak as many other reviewers can attest.  The sides were also excellent (we had green beans and lobster mac n' cheese).. . Service was pleasant and attentive, but always seemed to be going for the upsell which was fine but should have toned down once she realized the type of things we were interested in.. . The disappointing part for me is that there are a few different rooms at the restaurant - some more boisterous, some quieter, and one with a live musician.  We were seated in a quieter room which was nice since it was just my husband and I, however the decor was fairly bland and outdated with a grayish wall paper and mirrors.  We had made a reservation several days in advance, so we weren't "overflow.". . The ambiance of the meal made me feel like I was in a more casual steak house, rather than one that serves some of the best meat in town.  With steaks that are $40-$50 (not including sides), I expect a bit more in the ambiance department.
Maybe I had high expections going there based on the great reviews.  But I wasn't very impressed with the ribeye.   The decor is a what you would expect from a steakhouse.  The service was excellent.  After our orders were taken by our friendly waitress the rest of the meal was a team orchestrated effort.
BEYOND THE STEAK . (cause it was perfect and doesn't need changing). . Del Friscos needs to update themselves. What once was probably a well planned interior with appropriate decorating at the time now just seems dated. Now, from a business perspective, that's okay if you want to retain your regular customers and keep them happy, but not okay if want to attract younger new customers. . . On a recent visit there, I felt as if I should have been with my parents.  They would love the quiet side rooms and comfort of the dark interiors.  As for the menu, it's not that the food was bad, but it just didn't inspire any excitement in me to choose one item over the other versus what some of the newer high end steak houses do. . . 32oz Dry Aged Sirloin $90 was cooked to a perfect medium rare, the Mac & Cheese with Lobster $16 was just alright, Caesar Salads (2@ $10 ea.) were not bad, but disappointing because it was just average. The bread and butter was above average. . . For drinks, we had the Blackberry Ginger Martini $14, Champagne . Cocktails (2@ $14 ea.) and Woodford Reserve $13.50.
Steak houses in Vegas are a "dime a dozen" but they aint got a JAMES BOND WINE TABLE! That has got to be the coolest shizzy ever! Honestly this has been the first time I have ever went into a steakhouse dressed in a T shirt! LOL Wait staff was great and very comical...something I wasnt expecting but I guess they saw the casual appearance and lightened up the mood! Your typical steakhouse menu items. All sides are ala carte. My Ribeye steak was just OK...nothing memorable about it. Next time we have to try the famed HANK's!
The food was delicious,  but the waiter we had was absolutely rude. I don't know if he was having a bad day or if he's always like that. He just walks past our day and when we do manage to get his attention, he seems utterly annoyed. We only asked for 2 things throughout the dinner! Come on! I don't know if I would want to come back to this location. There's other steakhouses I can go to and be treated nicely.
4.5* Really?  Yea, the James Bond table is cool but after the second time the laser beams shined straight into my eyes, I had enough of it.. . We were in a hurry to eat and get back to the hotel for a planned eventful evening that ended up turning into an uneventful evening due to my ability to sleep at anytime anywhere. But I digress. I got the Bone-In Ribeye, which was delicious. It had a good amount of fat to balance out the medium-rare lean meat.. . He had the signature "Double Eagle" steak and boy was that bad. It was like my ribeye but with all of the life sucked out of it, then repackaged for more money.  It was too thick, hard to cut, and too lean.  The two of us ended up finishing the ribeye and we took the majority of the very pricey Double Eagle steak back.  I guess we were planning a late-night snack but when we saw the box in the morning, we contemplated giving our $65 steak to a bum.
We had 3 people in our party and decided to go to Del Frisco's after reading the other great Yelp reviews.  We did not have reservations but were seated right away. The bread was bought to our table right away but we did not have anything to drink. Our waiter came and took our drink order, but still did not bring us any water. 2 of us ordered the $99 Power Couple special--a great deal!!. Both of us ordered our steaks medium well--they were more like medium rare. I don't like sending food back- so I ended up taking my steak home. The lobster mac and cheese was fantastic!! When it came to desert one of us ordered coffee but it did not arrive till they were almost done with desert. The banana bread pudding was also great!!  Service was slow. It was my birthday yet no one bothered to ask if we were celebrating anything. We are local and may go back again.
Expensive food that really isn't all that great. Steak was good...everything else we tried was just MEH
i thought the food was ok.. Service and staff were nice. Atmosphere was great; however, the food wasn't to die for. For the price, I would look elsewhere. I can cook a better steak. Food needed more flavor, or perhaps I wan't feeling it that day, but my boyfriend had mutual feelings.
Unfortunately just average.
Ahi was bad section of fish and too much seeds on around of fish but my friends and sister liked meat dinner
Loved the food. It was pretty decent for a steakhouse. A little too much dressing on the salad, but other than that, really good. . . However, the Sommelier left something to be desired. Pushing sour wine on people just because the bottle has been opened, and disregarding the opinion of the person at the table who you are pouring for is a little offending. I'm sorry, I know wine, and that bottle was off. It was past it's prime and going to vinegar, and for you to not listen to my opinion and to try and change my opinion by saying "it will blow off" is slightly offensive. Then you left and never came back. By the way, it never blew off. Sour wine for dinner with steak was really fantastic. . . The dinner, as I mentioned before, was fantastic, and just what I was looking for.
A friendhighly recommended del frisco upon learning of our trip to vega.. . I checked out the yelp rating and was impressed with the 4.5 rating.. . Very good upscale old school restaurant. Nicely decorated and comfortable.. After some consulting with our waiter Andrew we settled on splitting a bone in New York strip. . Unfortunately for a prime cut and cost it was a bit grisly. However they were very apologetic and comped us 25% of the steak and a couple deserts to make up for it.. The nice part was we only off handedly mentioned it to Anthony the wine guy. We didn't expect to be comped anything. So very nice gesture on there part.. I recommend this place and would love to give more stars. I think they just tripped on this one. We'll be back to give it a go again
We had dinner there and found the place to be in need of an update. It is really over priced and the sides were not that great. The bread was not up to par, but the service was good.
Del frisco's has been a place I've had on my to go list for a while but finally had time to try it. I must say, with all the high ratings, I came in with a decent expectaion of the food so it might have hindered the experience but I didn't see why they would stand out above any other steak houses in Vegas.. . Had the lobster and upgraded the steak which was recommended by the server as she mentioned that it was delicious. The steak wasn't bad, just not a memorable type of steak I was hoping for. Their pasta was ok and the appetizers were ok. Again, nothing that really stood out. The service is ok, the ambiance was old school kind of place.
Restaurant is off the strip on Paradise road like Ruth Chris and Morton's. . They serve awesome bone-in ribeye that was perfectly seared medium rare. I ordered a Red Drum (which is similar to red snapper) and it was delicioso. . I also ordered the recommended VIP (vodka in fresh pineapple) martini and I enjoyed it, but felt a little lemon sweet would have helped the taste, which was on the sweet side. . We split a chopped salad and baked potato and again, way to much left over food but still had room for the highly recommended lemon cake which I am glad we tried. The buttercream frosting was the best part of the dessert. . coffee is good here too. . Service was just as nice as at the Mastro's Ocean Club. Prices were the same, but they did offer a Sunday dinner special for 2 at $99 which was a nice option. (I just don't like a filet mignon) . . I would definitely come back to this restaurant for its service, quality of food and decor.
Really good. A solid 3.5. Steak was good. Try it with the foie gras butter. Really enjoyed the lobster Mac and cheese.. Best part - the smoking patio and a really good selection of cigars.
Four for dinner. 2nd time here in about a year. Probably wont cone back here Voluntarily. The oso buco was average. The Cod special was ok; Cod was really pungent and if it wasn't for the micro greens salad, it would have been unbearable. But the stone crab was delicious. Lobster Mac and cheese was just as good as I remembered it from last time. Service was average but not exceptional. We sat with empty waters and dirty dishes. No food/flavor check from anyone except from our main server.
I was excited to go here as most reveiws were very good and I have been to many top level steak houses around the country.  However, the food/night did not live up to my expectations. The ribeye ordered was overcooked. To the credit of Del Frisco staff they were very apoligetic and make me another. The problem was the next one was undercooked. They then just cooked it a bit longer which always sucks the juices out. Once again they were very apoligetic and not only gave me a free dessert but also did not charge me for the steak.  . . I found the bread to be good not great,  I found the ceasar salad to be good not great.  I found the onion rings to be very good but the mashed potatoes poor.  The lemon cake mediorce, very plain. The banana bread pudding was outstanding. Service was outstanding.  Lots of pluses and minuses.  May give another shot.
Aaaaaaaa... so disappointed in giving this place 3 stars... mainly because it's partly my fault and mostly theirs... . First I have to give 5 stars plus for the staff, waitress, for making the dining experience top notch... when my son's girlfriends steak was under done they immediately took it back to make it right... they then brought us another side dish to compensate us for the wait... the waitress found out my daughter was graduating and brought out the lemon cake (which was the best dessert) along with our other two desserts we had ordered, fully comped... the service was as good as Mastro's steak house where we live in Costa Mesa.... So why the 3 stars?. The Wagyu 32 oz. bone in ribeye was 2 stars... for $90 you'd expect non-chewy texture, like the Mastro's 32 oz. bone in ribeye for half the price... I was expecting melt in your mouth over the top steak just like the service and staff were... unfortunately, each bite had sinew strands throughout... I've had better pieces of meat at Costco... . and this is where it's my fault... I needed to say something to them... if I did they would have tried to fix it or probably would have comped me for the dinner... but I felt guilty for complaining to them because that's just not me... I don't complain... I'm Japanese, I smile a lot, say it's good, but never return if it's bad... especially if I spent $100 per person for steak... . My son split the Double Eagle ribeye and unfortunately it was also tough... my daughter ordered the filet and it was great... . I should have listened to the waitress, I think she was trying to steer me to the filet... she did mention she enjoyed the filet because of the texture and she did not like the "chew" of the ribeye... hmmmmmmmm... that was the tip... never heard someone say "chew" for an expensive cut of meat before... but "chew" is the perfect description of what I had... and unfortunately, "chew" is not what you would want to pay for.. I probably would have given this place 2 stars because that's how bad the rib eye was but I have to give this place 3 stars because that's how good the staff was.... I'm sad I won't be back... but glad Mastro's Steakhouse is in my neck of the woods... never tried Mastro's here, but did try the Mastro's Seafood house in Newport Beach... and experienced the samething as Del Frisco's... great service... bad steak... so I don't want to try the one in Vegas.... What I noticed about steak in Vegas is... over priced and not as good a quality... I don't think I will eat steak in Vegas anymore... period.
average at best.  the place smells musty/like cooked food. Needs to be aired out and carpets replaced. Service was OK. I dont mind spending the $ on a good steakhouse, this place would be fine for most punters, but if you have ever eaten at a great steakhouse, then this will disappoint.
It's all about the crab cake.  OMG is soooo good!  It's topped with lobster sauce.  Yes, it's rich but oh so delicious.  I think it's about $20 or so.. . The cold seafood platter was also ok.  Nothing to write home about.  ~$50 or so.. . The steaks were a-ok.  The petite filet was a little dry; the ribeye was cooked to perfection and much warmer and juicier and tastier.  The Caesar salad was great - whole spears of romaine lettuce with plenty of tasty dressing.  The prix fix dinner was ~$50 and includes small meat portion, salad/soup, and a side.  The ribeye set me back about $50 or so.. . I was celebrating an anniversary and they comp-ed me a slice of lemon cake.  According to the receipt, the slice runs ~$11.  Totally not worth the money.  So glad I didn't have to pay for it.. . Other important info: located in business park, many private dining spaces, classic wood paneling throughout (reminds me of old school private clubs), fantastic service, and they mentioned they're opening a location in Santa Monica where Boa Steakhouse used to be.
Been wanting to try Del Frisco's for some time so was happy we finally made it here. . . I ordered the bone-in ribeye steak which I have to say was pretty stellar. It was pretty close to my fav one at Mastro's.  Unfortunately, the other items we ordered just didn't stack up to the steak. . . The lobster mac n cheese was okay but something was missing. I've had really great lobster mac n cheese at several places before and this one just tasted off somehow. Even though it had chunks of lobster in it, it was just missing that overall lobster flavor that others seem to have. I wouldn't order again even though it seemed fairly priced.  The spinach side was good but very watery -- the texture was severely lacking. Again, I wouldn't order this if I return. My friends ordered the crab cake appetizer (just one cake) and they were happy with it. It was a good size with mostly lump crab meat and they really liked the flavor.  . . Service was very good. Ambiance was okay...truthfully, it was kinda dead when we were there on a Friday night so was quiet and very mellow. It did seem to be picking up as we were leaving.  . . We also got see the James Bond table which was a really neat little touch. If you're a fan of the movies it might be worth the visit just for that. :-)
Update: The manager reached out to us to address our concerns. She was very apologetic and offered to correct the situation for us. Not very many businesses these days will even make the effort to read Yelp and address satisfaction issues. Kudos to Del Frisco for their efforts.
Food was certainly good while the service and atmosphere were as should be expected. For that reason I just can't give it the full rating - for the name (reputation) and price-point everything is simply what you'd expect. There was nothing that 'wows' or really makes Del Frisco's stand out.. . Update: had to drop a notch when I found the server had added an extra $10 to the tip charge. Even if it was a mistake it still shows the average quality of service. . . Looking for great food, deep wine selection, and the ability to share that you've eaten at a Vegas high-end restaurant? Great choice. . . Looking for that over-the-top restaurant, a unique experience, or the feeling of walking away from a meal with your money very well spent. Not here.. . James Bond display was neat to see but hard to see the over million dollar price tag. Best seen in person.
Very friendly staff. Celebrated my boyfriend's birthday. The staff wished him happy birthday immediately once seated. Food came out very fast & hot. We started with Cesar salad then we each had the bone in ribeye, potatoes with cheese & bacon and lobster mac & cheese. . . Caesar salad was good. We shared it and it was a good size.. Lobster mac & cheese was also good. . . Steak: For a $55 steak we expected it to be tender.  If you are looking for a good steak I would recommend Mastro's ( which literally melts in your mouth ). That is the place to go! It's hard for other steak houses to have good steak & sides when they have Mastro's to compare it to... Mastro's just sets the bar too high, which makes places like this hard to give more stars.. . Potatoes were hard. Would not recommended them. . They gave bread with dinner - nothing special about it. . . They gave us a complimentary lemon cake for his birthday which was yummy. I'm giving 3 stars because the food was ok, a bit over priced. The staff was friendly. I would recommend it if you are in the area for dessert. We will never return for dinner.  One time is good enough ;)
Over the top pricey steakhouse in a town that has a steakhouse on every corner. Service was obsequious, almost to the point of being annoying. If one more person has asked us how we liked things "so far", my head would have melted. Amazing wine list, but overpriced, way overpriced. Entrees were well prepared and all ingredients were high quality. Beautiful, well appointed room. But it is just too damned expensive. With one of our party of four not even having an entree, and with one bottle of wine, the tab was over $500. At some point, it just doesn't make sense. But then again, we were in Vegas. What the hell.
All good... except the medium rare steak is so raw in the middle we couldn't cut it with a steak knife. A butcher's knife would have worked better. Half our party sawed off the seared parts and only ate that. Not a good thing if, you know, you go to the steak house for the actual steak.. . Service, salads, lobster mac n cheese, oysters, even creamed spinach were all amazing. Great wine selection, too. But those darn undercooked, gristly steaks! And the bathroom is tiny for such a large restaurant. Even the men's room had a long line at times (3-4 people waiting.)
I've heard this is the best steak house in town, and since I've never been, it seemed to be the place to try. . . Reservations were easy via Opentable and I made it 15 minutes prior to arrival. Granted this was an earlier reservation at about 6pm, when I checked in to the hostess stand, they said they were ready for me. Nice. . . There were a couple of servers who assisted with taking our order and they were both very friendly and informative. Before diving into the menu, wait for the specials of the day. They also have off menu items too. . . We shared: . . Del's salad which was a mixed green salad with tomatoes, and a couple of thick bacon strips. For $10, it was not worth it. I could have bought a pack of greens, box of tomatoes and a pack of bacon. . . Seafood Soup: It was a light bisque with fish and shrimp. It was ok but it was only a cup for $11. . . Bone in Prime Rib: Since this was a large hunk of meat at 22 oz, we split it and they split it in front of us. I had a bit of each side; filet and ribeye. Between the two, I liked the ribeye more, as usual. It was tasty and just enough fat. . . Potatoes au Gratin: Usually this dish is with sliced potatoes but this dish was quartered red potatoes. What made this dish was the creamy buttery sauce with the baked cheese on top. Weird but this was my favorite dish... but maybe because I love carbs. . . It's true, there is a weird sewer smell at the entrance. It's not appetizing walking in or out of the restaurant.
We walked in to an overwhelming smell of sewer!!!!!. We were seated promptly and waited on promptly. My husband ordered a medium filet mignon and was served a raw filet mignon. It was corrected but he ended up eating when everyone else was finished. The food was very good but they have to do something about the smell.
Came here with a prix fix menu. First up, free bread and butter. Then shrimp cocktail with three accompanying sauces. Shrimp were plump, fresh, and served at the right temperature. Good start, bad finish. . . Next dish was the Del Frisco house salad. Good balance of toppings and delicious dressing - minus the fruit fly. How does an upscale steakhouse allow that to happen? I was pretty embarrassed for them. But I let the manager know and he replaced my salad and treated the table to the infamous VIP martini. Nice recovery. Onto the entree. .  . Order the ribeye. Perfect amount of marbling for extra fatty juicy goodness. Pretty good portion too - I couldn't finish my steak. Sides were forgettable. Green beans were fresh but greasy, as were the cheesy potatoes. For dessert I had their cheesecake topped with strawberry sauce. Again nothing unique, but something sweet to finish the meal is always a nice treat. . . Probably wouldn't return again as there are plenty of other places in Vegas that are worth trying.
Great atmosphere, great service, excellent drinks!!  Steaks were tender but over seasoned... The lemon cake was amazing!!  I give it 3 stars and O
What  a cool bar for cocktails and stellar service.  GREAT piano player. GREAT vibe. Happy Hour is second to none. The restaurant could be improved. Sorry to say, my 65 dollar steak was less than perfection. With all the steak houses in Vegas, if you charge that much, you best be spot on EVERY TIME! Worth mentioning, the manager did pop for our desserts and after dinner drinks to make up for our cold, overcooked, filet mignons. Will be back, but only at the bar.
