Sightseeing location #1: Caesars Palace. . +: the forum shop is enormous; delicate sculptures everywhere; large casino; a walkway across from las vegas blvd. to the hotel itself, which provided me a great opportunity to snap a few nice shots on my dslr. -: compared to the other hotels, Caesar's Palace is more of a place to shop, rather than sight-see.
We took advantage of a mid-week deal.. . So despite the accolades from The Hangover, and the hotel being known for being a little more on the high end, their filters for clearing out cigarette smoke from the hotel leaves something to be desired. Our floor was smoke free but we could still smell it.. . Other than that, we really enjoyed the room. It was a Forum Tower Suite which had an OK view we could see the Rio in the distance but there was also the parking lot and walls to contend with. . . The bathroom had a hot tub, separate shower, and smaller bathroom off the main entrance of the room (which we took full advantage of!). Also, it had insane closet space, the bed was comfy and huge. The LCD TVs were just okay but who watches that much TV while in Vegas?. . It's a bit of a walk through the hotel to get to our tower but it's close to the Forum Shops (hence the name of the tower) so that helped.. . Location of the hotel itself is unbeatable, the minute you walk out from the lobby you're on the Strip.. . We ordered room service on our last morning there (too lazy to look for options outside and had a flight to catch). It was really tasty but costly. Totally worth it if you don't have time/energy.. . Overall, I liked the hotel and would recommend but the cigarette smoke might lead me to stay elsewhere.
I'm rating the hotel as a place to stay 2 stars (poor value) and the service, restaurants, Qua spa and shopping 4 stars (consistently good to excellent quality and decent value for Vegas)..   . I just stayed here with some girlfriends for a 3 day weekend.  We loved the location and that Caesar's had so much to offer, but the room was nothing special, and I won't pay full price to stay here again.  The 2 bedroom suite we payed about $1000 a night for (Fri-Sun) was actually a 1 bedroom suite plus an adjoining regular room (a bedroom with a TV and a small bathroom).  It was comfortable, but not impressive.  . . Cons: The decor was plain and outdated, the TVs were old and crappy and there was no view.  There were Krurig coffee makers in the rooms but you had to pay $12 to get 3 K-cups at the honor bar (getting nickle and dimed while paying $1000 a night to stay here = not cool and not classy!).  There is a fee to use the fitness center ($25 per day), a fee for wireless internet, and the pool was closed despite the weather being perfect for laying out =(.  The hallways smelled of smoke.  There was a mini-fridge stocked with drinks, but no place to keep our own snacks and drinks cold and no microwave.  . . Pros: The master bathroom was impressive, and the beds were comfy.  The couch was also large and comfy.  They will bring you a mini-fridge on request (we didn't take them up on this, so I don't know if they charge extra for it).
If you want to live like a king, don't stay at Caesar's. I was not impressed with my three night stay. Granted, it was for business, and CES on top of that. Still, I've been much happier at other hotels like Wynn and MGM at that same crazy time of year.. . I was sharing a room with a colleague, so we were a little bit disturbed that there was a window between the bathroom and our room with two double beds. Who gets a double room and wants a bathroom with a window?? We're clearly not sweethearts on a wild romantic getaway.. . The TV was a late 90's RCA and broken too. No desk. No couch. Ancient heating/cooling system. We requested a room change once my colleague discovered we could hear every word coming from our neighbors next door.. . The new room was a little more updated, but felt kind of stale. Still no desk. I was not impressed as a business traveler and would have been even less impressed if I was staying on my own dime. I'm sure a premium room would have been comfortable and palace-ish, but my accommodations were certainly not fit for a king, let alone a tired website editor just trying to get some work done.
Had a four night stay in the old roman tower.  Newer rooms and except for the old tv room was nicely and newly furnished. Really soft pillows.  There was NO door on the bathroom   Room was clearly designed for couples but if you are shy about showering or going to the bathroom be warned. Toilet is in a corner but not private. . Service ok.  One bad thing there were two small old probably blood stains on the carpet.  Food comes out. This had not. More gross the anything. E mailed and called hotel. Still no response three days after we left. . Great pool. . Decent food but pricey and except for Mesa grill pretty standard fair.  Coffee shop good but horrendously slow.  20 minutes to get a bill.  If clearly caters to large parties and known customers. . . A fun old time place with a history and some flaws.  Really 3 and a half stars
One of the better, cleaner hotels in Vegas.. . Stayed in a room (in the Augustus Tower) that overlooked the Bellagio and Strip, great view to see the Bellagio water show, but note that every time the water show happens, it sounds like thunder.  . . Room was clean, spacious.  Walking anywhere in Casear's is a haul though, .5 miles to conference center .75 miles to Forum Shoppes. With a number of great restaurants and bars/clubs it's easy to stay here for days on end.
Caesar's is where we stay for most of our Vegas visits.  We have only stayed at the Forum Tower, except the last visit (last week) because I apparently reserved the wrong tower (I should never make a reservation in the middle of the night after waking up from a dream of Vegas).  The Forum Tower is very nice (comparable to the Wynn and Bellagio), including service from the time of check in to check out.  The Roman Tower is ok.  In addition, I noticed a disparate treatment (not sure if it is isolated or not) when I stayed at the Roman Tower this time.  To make the story short, not only was service so so, they attempted to downgrade us to a different tower.  However, after logically arguing (how can the rooms be the same when the pricing is different) with them, we got our room at the Roman Tower.  We will be visiting again in two months (we made sure it was the Forum Tower that was reserved).  Hopefully, I can give this rating a four or five star.
Another year, another MURTEC and once again it was held at Caesar's Palace Convention Center.  As far a convention space is concerned the hotel is great, but staying there for a convention is hectic at best.. . I arrived in the morning and attempted to check-in.  It was well before 3pm so I wasn't expecting to be put in my room but I wanted to leave my bags with the bell desk at a minimum.  I was booked into the Forum Tower which isn't the newest tower but it is remodeled.  It was the tower that was built in the 80's if I'm remembering right.. . Like I expected the room wasn't ready, but I was told they would call my cellphone when it was ready.  It came around 2:30 and I hadn't gotten a call so I checked and the room was already ready.  I don't mind this but if you're not going to call, just tell me 3pm.  Don't let me find out later that the room is already ready and you haven't called.. . The room itself was nice, I was atthe end of the hall on floor 59, which i believe was floor 9.  I had a room that faced the strip, although on floor 59 you're looking more at the top of the Colosseum than the strip.  Like they said, it was remodeled recently.  There was a 40ish inch flat panel on the wall, 2 cordless phones, king size bed, a chase lounge and overstuffed chair.  The bathroom was also nicely done.  There was a over sized shower stall, a separate water closet for the toilet, and a 15in TV mounted in the mirror.  They also furnished two robes and had a safe in the closet.. . If I was gambling only or wanted the shop at the Forum I wouldn't mind staying here.  For a convention its hectic, I would have preferred something in City Center like Mandarin or Vdara which are calmer to say the least.  The Convention space is just awkward to access and requires wondering through the expansive casino and back hallways of shops.  Its clear that access to the convention space access was not part of the original focus of the resort.. . Aside from the hiccups with check-in, the service was top notch.  I needed a new iron and they brought one to the room within 15 mins.  The checkout process was easy and could be done from the room, the front desk or the guys with Ipads in the front desk area.. . I personally wouldn't stay here on my own personal trips to Las Vegas.  I think there are newer equally priced places that aren't such a cluster.  Having said that, they provided a good product (Forum Tower or newer) and good service.  If you want the crazy hectic Vegas experience and a good strip location, stay at Caesar's.
Decent accommodations. You should expect more for the price, but it's certainly not bad. The room was spacious, but a bit worn. Amenities were few and far between. Apparently you need to upgrade to a suite to even see a flat screen television. Lighting was kind of awful in the room, too. Bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was much larger than I had anticipated. TV in the bathroom was a nice touch, but that just made me wonder why they couldn't spring for a decent TV in the main room.
This was my first time staying at Caesers. I was invited by a friend who has membership to the Diamond Club so my stay here was not your typical stay. . . My first thoughts were this place is huge. It took me a day to get my barings and to figure out where things are located, how to get back to my room,.etc.. This place is too big for its own good. Very easy to get lost in here. . . The Diamond Lounge was ok. Best thing about ti was the free drinks, but they served up some lousy food. Caesers has a great location on the strip and is close to many activities. . . Certainly not a bad choice for a place to stay in vegas. I'm not much of a vegas person so I cant really be too objective, but for the most part nothing negative to report about Caesers and overall it was an enjoyable stay.
Caesars is best for the pool, spa, and shopping. There are also some great restaurants. But the rooms leave something to be desired. And I'm not a particular fan of gambling here. The whole property is extremely large and sometimes even overwhelming. Beware: getting lost inside this casino is not a hard thing to do.
First time at ceasars palace and It was a long walk going back to our room from the front of the hotel. We did have two showers but they were joint together with see through glass doors which made it hard for both bathrooms to be used at the same time. It was also an inconveinance for us to park on the other side of the hotel property  because not just the front valet was full but the back valet was full too and we were not able to get a bell boy to help us with our bags to our car. Overall, I rather spend my stay else where.
Caesars is the icon of Las Vegas.  It represents, for those that know the history of Las Vegas, the pinnacle.  Times change, and how they change.. . The '60's are gone.  The days when Sinatra, Sammy Davis, Jr. and Dean Martin were the big shots is long gone.  Caesars has reinvented itself and has done a good job, but other casinos are raising the bar.  In fact too many to mention have raised the bar.. . Caesars is enjoyable. But it took too long to check in. The convention area is a long, long walk and confusing too.  It's now more of a mid-level property than the 'high roller' or luxury hotel of the past.. . In many ways it is now a mainstream, middle class hotel living on a reputation from almost 50 years ago.. . Nonetheless, not a bad place and someplace you'd be fine with bringing the wife or girlfriend.
Very beutiful casino filled with ornate decorations and statues. They won more from me than I did from them, but other than that my gambling experience here was mediocre.
Really a 3.5 for me after our stay here. . . The Good: . Rooms are very spacious, and very clean. . The casino and all the shopping in the Forum are wonderful. . The pool is amazing and so beautiful . High end restaurants are good inside (The Palm) . Great nightclub . Awesome bar's throughout . Beautiful Greek decor . . The not so good: . No bathroom doors in the rooms, weird I know, this really bothered my brother in law. No privacy when your doing your thing. . The front desk took forever and ever, very long wait to check in. . The staff are just OK, I would expect better service at a place like this. . One morning my brother in law went down for coffee, the morning they were leaving and got told by four different staff members where to go as it was early, and all the information they gave him was wrong. He had to wait 30minutes for a cafe to open at 6 am. and was treated very rudely. . . The coffee for a 20 oz. cup was $5, or room service $15. I feel like they really take advantage of people with outrageous prices. . . My hubby was the smart one walked across the street every single morning for me to Burger King, where I got almost three cups for that price. . . The guest parking is a nightmare to find, no signage at all, very confusing. As well as the number of elevators for all the different towers. Yes, it is huge once inside but very hard to find your way around. . . Final note, instead of charging my husband's company credit card they charged our personal credit card after numerous times of discussing this. So we had to expense it and wait for our money. They could not reverse the charge, again not the best Customer Service. . . Would I stay here again, hmmm not sure really, maybe if I got one hell of a deal.
Not a bad stay.
Stayed here a while ago, and am just getting down to writing a review.. . Many other folks will go on about how big it is, and the shopping, and woo! Vegas, and all that.  So I'll skip it and get right to the main deal.. . The rooms (Palace Tower) are very nice indeed.  Big soaking Jacuzzi tub, shower, king bed, toilet, and flat screen TV.  So A+ on the rooms.. . What is just Plain Wrong is the cost of everything else.. . While I thought Vegas made money on gambling, apparently they supplement those millions by charging $12 for a pack of 4 Keurig coffee cups.  And $14 a day for internet.  And $8 for a can of soda.  Holy crap.  Does anybody actually buy this stuff?  I guess one person doing it per day covers the rest, or something.. . The staff was above par and quite helpful.. . Lots of restaurants, too -- I reviewed those separately.  Mesa was the best.
One of the coolest casino's to come to on the strip. Then again most if not all of the casinos on the strip is awesome. So I'm basing this rating pretty much compared to the strips casinos. If I were to compare it to all the casinos/hotels I've been too, I'd have a bunch of 5 star casino ratings, but fact of the matter is that all these casinos are awesome that are on the strip and there would be no standard or a bar that I must place to keep the ratings fair with competition on the strip. So all an all this is casino is just as the awesome as the rest on the strip so ain't nothing different or out of the ordinary that would rather make me come here rather than another casino on the strip. This casino is HUGE but doesn't stand out as the others such as the Bellagio has their own water fountain, MGM has their lion cage, Treasure Island has their pirate show etc.. . There is nothing here that stood out IMO, so it stands as a regular 3 star hotel casino.
It's a hotel and casino in Vegas. Nothing to flashy and very accommodating.What more is there to say?
I like this hotel, particularly the pool! Best pool ever!  The only thing that I found odd was the room we stayed in was described as a "Suite"...and it was definitely just a standard double bed hotel room. Nothing fancy, nothing amazing, no extra space, just very average.  . . What I found interesting though was trying to take a shower or do anything in the bathroom considering the wall between the beds and the bathroom was only glass with portions of it frosted, it had a criss-cross pattern that wasn't frosted so you could totally see anyone in the bathroom!  Considering the room has double beds so you're probably SHARING with someone that seemed pretty crazy!  Since I was the only girl in the room I had to hang towels on the shower door just to feel comfortable taking a shower with a couple guys on the other side of the glass! Awkward. . . However, I really do love this hotel.  It's really nice being able to walk into the forum shops especially since it was raining the weekend we were there.  Also, there are some really great restaurants right in the hotel and it was nice and clean,unlike some Vegas hotels.
Not as good as it used to be... For the price range I'd go elsewhere. But not being a guest and just walking around is great! Inside is pretty
Roman Tower is a old and overpriced. Thankfully, we stayed at a "summer discount" which was a pre-payed $245 for two nights for a Saturday and Sunday night. . . The room had an old television that had interference at times. The carpet had stains, but not necessarily unsanitary. Every room that I saw in the Roman Tower was completely different. I had a room with a separate shower and bath tub where a friend only had a smaller bathroom with a shower and another friend's room was so big that they could have a dance party in there..  My view was of the roof and the tower next to us, nothing special.  Our other friends had a view of the pool which was nice.. I understand the Roman Tower is the lowest tier room, but I know you can get better quality for a better price at many other premier strip hotels.. . The POOL was the best part and is why I'm giving this review three stars and not two.  I loved every part of the pool situation.  You could relax or walk 20 feet and play blackjack or walk another 50 feet and be in a dance party.  Kids weren't really an issue and our part of 15 were able to throughout the day get lounge chairs and eventually all sit together.  We were going to purchase a cabana but boy am I glad we didnt! $1500 minimum ($500 rental and $1000 f&B credit) the cabanas are NOT what I expected when we got there so I'm so happy we didn't do that! . The frozen drinks at the pool that were $22 had 4 shots of alcohol in them - not bad when you think of how much one drink would have been.  The fish tacos and french fries at the pool were delish!. . During checkout, the line was HUGE at 11 am (checkout deadline). Thank goodness I checked out via text and then stored my bag with the bellman.. . As for the casino, I think it's nice.  Table minimums were a bit high for me and I did walk across the street Saturday night as I wanted to play $5-10 hands not $25 hands.. . Food after 2am is the worst to find! Food during the day was easy and convenient . . The Forum shops were great to be close to and we (8 girls) had a MAC girls night out which was great to walk to.
We stayed here in July 2011. We first got an optional smoking room in the Roman Tower...Horrible! Don't do it! Just because it's close to the exit doesn't mean it's clean!!! Smelled, looked like an old cheap motel! The view: The rooftop of some other bldg! The next morning I called and asked if we could be moved to a different room. Javier (at the front desk) did all he could and got us moved to the Palace Tower. We experienced a 180 degree change!!! Beautiful! His/Hers Showers and bathrooms, 3 vanities, huge closet, drawers, jacuzzi, flatscreen TV, minibar (beware, if you move something, they'll charge you for it, so you might at well drink it :)) The view: all the pools...gorgeous! Takes a while to get around so wear your walking shoes/sandals...wear heels to go out...cheapest drink is $6. Overall it's ok. I would stay at the Palace Tower again...no doubt.
Has Caesars changed drastically in the last few years or something?  When I was a kid, I remember being AMAZED by Caesars... It was gorgeous and there were cool (free!) shows and bright lights and it was just super awesome.... . I went here on Monday and.... nothing.  Like seriously, NOTHING.  There was nothing amazing, no shows, food was pathetically overpriced (and didn't even have a gimmick!)  The clubs seemed lackluster and the stores seemed very bleh.. . Why the extra stars then?  Well, Caesars is the home of Serendipity III and that deserves 3 stars right there.
As a local, I have no loyalties to any properties. You've seen one, you've seen them all. Caesars stands out to me for the simple fact that it has an absolute crap parking situation. I could elaborate on this, but it would out me as a directionally challenged fool. If you're visiting, my suggestion is to valet at one of their three valets and make sure no one eats the breadcrumb trail you leave.. . Caesars has a nice collection of restaurants-Mesa Grill, Rao's, Bradley Ogden (which is apparently closing?! say it ain't so!), as well as the collection housed in the Forum Shops which is a key piece of the property. Without the Forum Shops, Caesars doesn't have much going for it as it sits right on the bermuda triangle of the LV strip-Flamingo and LV Blvd.. . If you like 90s power ballads, you're in luck because Celine Dion is back for another run and I hear her show is pretty decent. The Colosseum has concerts from time to time (Stevie Nicks, Kylie Minogue) and was home to Bette Middler and Elton John for a time. They don't mess around when it comes to headliners and you won't find your average Vegas "showstopper" at Caesars.. . I guess I can appreciate the free entertainment hosted in the Forum Shops a la mechanical Greek gods/thunder-lightning show that is about 4 minutes of robots shifting around, water spraying every where and temporary hearing loss.. . One bonus: Caesars does NOT charge resort fees. Their rooms are pretty nice and on the scale of Las Vegas hotels, they're probably in the top 5 when it comes to prestige. The fact that they don't charge fees for outrageous things you'll probably never use on your stay is just good business.
This review is for the hotel & pool only (excluding the Forum and casino floors):. . We got a comp room in the Forum Tower (thanks Caroline C!). For some reason, I always imagined Cesar's room to be magnificent and grandeur. But sad to say, it was just any other room. I was not going " Wooo " and " Ahhh" like I thought I would be when I opened the door. . . The sleeping area was very spacious. The beds were comfortable. The blinds were dark enough to make the room pitch black (a MUST when I want to get some shut eye!). You got your standard desk, chair, closet w/safe, and television (that for some reason the remote decided to stop functioning and we were unable to turn off the television; there was no off button on the TV).. . The restroom was very roomy as well. It had a 2 sink counter, standing shower, and a separate jacuzzi bathtub. The toilet was off to the side in a room by itself, which freed up the rest of the bathroom to be used when the toilet was occupied. The only thing bad about the restroom was that the hair dryer didnt work.. . We had an opportunity to visit the pool on Sunday morning. There were a good amount of people there at 9am. They had multiple pools. All great for splashing around, but definitely not meant for a workout swim :)
The hotel was fabulous and so was the room in the Augustus Tower. The clientele was pretentious and rude. Everything was 3 times the normal price of anywhere else. The buffet was a mess. The bell staff and valet were so very nice and deserved every bit of their tips.
Friendly service and clean room.  I stayed in the Forum Tower, which appeared to be recently renovated.  I was really impressed by the built in TV in the mirror in the bathroom.  This TV was not just mounted on the mirror - it was INSIDE the mirror!  While the shower had a rain head and a regular shower head, the water pressure was lacking.  The other con was that there was no bathtub.  Boo.  Otherwise, bed was comfy, and this was a nice place to stay.
I want to give them 4 stars but  3.5.  Caesar Palace is overpriced hotel.  The hotel is ginormous and elegant. It is very well-maintained for almost 50 years-old hotel. . . The pool and Roman garden are awesome,lots of statues and Roman sculptures. You will feel like you are in Rome. Even though, I can see some aged of the room ( Roman Tower ) but it's clean and very quiet. Even though the room is small. . . The casino is huge , I like to walk around and see hot girls dealers at the pussycat dolls. The poker room is big and quiet , lots of newcomer and donkeys there, but too bad they don't have 1-2.  to have 1-3 game which I need to adjust my game or play 2-5 instead.. . The forum shop is awesome, lots of stores and great restaurants. There was free show at the Atlantis, lots of Roman statues. I am surprised to see Apple store there but hey. Apple need high roller shoppers too. Besides that the forum shops are one of two circulated escalator- the other one is in SF.  . . . I am not quite sold with the taxi service, bell service and luggage carrier here. It took them a long time to get your luggage beside that when I left the person tips , he shorted on changes so he took all $5 for that slow service. Waiting for taxi is awful , no line there, you will walk your own to find taxi and it was very chaotic with those valet people. so I took a star off from these services. . . But overall , if you can find good internet deals, Caesars Palace is worth to stay. It shows historical of Las Vegas and lots of attractions.
I was in Vegas for a work function, and the entire company stayed at Cesar's palace.. I'm only giving it three stars because everything was a- ok, really.  I say this because I was put in a room at the Palace Towers and another room at the Roman Towers, and let me tell ya... YIKES! All those rooms are horrible! The rooms smell funny, and everything looked old! I was expecting something a bit more nicer especially for the price we are paying to stay and dine there.  Finally, the hotel workers were nice enough to put me in the Augustus tower, which is by far the newest and best tower in the entire hotel. The rooms in Augustus was actually decent compared to the other two towers.  One thing I would suggest is... as soon as you arrive in your hotel room, call the front desk and have them change your sheets.  This is not just for cesars' palace, but for most hotels- especially in VEGAS. My sheets were dirty, but they were nice enough to accommodate me.  Actually, the entire Cesar's palace stuff was very accommodating through my entire stay.  I'm guessing they had to be accommodating because there were over 2500 folks from the same organization I was with staying at this hotel.  Knowing that, the staff was probably trained to be more hospitable with us. . . I can't speak for the shops or spa services.  The gambling tables/casino was pretty standard, and the room service was decent.  The lady who's in charge of the kitchen during room service at night (I think her name is Linda) was very helpful.  The food came out quickly, and the food was also decent.  Just don't expect it to be top notch just because you're paying $15-20 for one item.  . .  Not bad, just an ok experience.  I would return, but I hope they're as accommodating the 2nd time ....
Endless stores in the Ceasar's. The ceilings were painted to resemble the sky and you just see alot of geek gods and goddess statues. Nice place to take pictures. But I hated their casino. It was too smokey for me. It place was nice, but it was old as well and I don't care for replicas of Greek mythology.
I've been to Vegas a lot.  I usually stay at the Venetian/Palazzo and I love it there.  This time, however, I met the fam and stayed at Caesar's.  While it looked nice and seemed rather well built a lot of things were broken or non-functional.  First the jacuzzi in the room was broken.  We paid for an upgrade and got a broken jacuzzi.  That's a big fail.  Another thing was the ice maker and the soda machine on our floor.  Both were broken...for the entire 5 days we were there.   Another thing was the lack of ramps.  When rolling heavy luggage on the way to the room it would be nice not to have to lug it up stairs, even if there are only 4 or 5 of them.  Other than that, however, I enjoyed my stay.  For the right price, I wouldn't be against staying there again.  I mean very little time was spent in the room anyway because, hey, it's Vegas.
Stayed here about twice, and the rooms are just okay. We stayed at the Spa Suite in the Augustus Tower, and the infinity tub was GIGANTIC! But with outdated walls, they lose one star. . The big problem I have with this is the room service. Ordered a mocha to start the day and it didn't come til 50 minutes later. It went to the time that I forgot I ordered something. And the mocha was lukewarm. ????. But The Jupiter Pool gains a star. Secluded from the loud noises, sitting on a chaise in a cabana, and a back massage when needed, this is almost like Hawaii....... almost. . All in all this place is okay. But I'd never stay here again after the second. The Encore, Palms Place, or Venetian is the way to go.
We stayed here after we got an awesome deal on Vegas.com. The room was cleans and comfortable. Some amenities were outdated, but given we got a steal, we didn't care. They also only had one mirror in the room (surprising) and we had three women in one room, so getting ready was a bit of a challenge.
So unbelievably average. Below average actually, for the price, but I have had some GREAT nights in the casino here and the Forum Shops are amaze, so I gotta give some props for location. If you are here to see Celine another benefit is that  you might run into her before the show. This happened to us when we stayed here for my cousin's 21st birthday and she was so excited (she's a huge Celine fan)!!!!. . Pure is pretty disappointing, I don't really like the crowd too much but I have had a TON of fun at Shadow bar. . . The rooms are the major problem - expensive and not worth the price. If you are going to cough up that much for a room, you are better off staying at Venetian or Belliagioor better yet at the Wynn or Encore. Nothing special at all about the rooms and for some reason even the newly re-done rooms look worn and the bathrooms are kinda janky. Don't bother with the room-service. The food isn't very good and, although there are some great places at the Forum Shops, it would be nice if there was something right downstairs when you just need a quick bite (there's a food court but I'm not really a food court type of girl). And the breakfast is weak which blows after a long-night of partying when you are looking for brunch / possible hang-over cure.. . Anyway, it's popular and you will probably have a great time if you stay here, but, like I said earlier, you can do better for the price.
All of these casinos start to run together after awhile. But Caesar's does have one of the biggest gaming floors I remember seeing in Vegas.. . A good a place as any on the strip to throw away your money!
I've never actually stayed at Caesar's, but I have wandered the casino floor a ton and walked through here probably a hundred times going to the shops and such. This place is just massive! And their signs are very misleading. It'll say "Form shops this way" and you'll follow the signs only to realize that it's taking you on a tour of the entire floor. If you half-way know where you're going you basically go the completely opposite way and cut 15 minutes out of the trip.. . All that being said, I do really like the look and feel of Caesar's and would stay here in a heartbeat.
We have never stayed at Caesars, but have walked through it, gamed, shopped, etc.... on almost every stay in Vegas.  It is like the Vegas epicenter.  You can't get away from it!  . . From the second I walk into the Palace I think,ugh, now we have to figure out how to get here (where ever here is).  Caesars is so big it is really easy to get lost.  They have signs, but they are just sparse enough that eventually you will find yourself on the casino floor completely turned around - I am sure that is how it is designed!  My best advice on this is don't cut through the casino and instead walk along the edge of the casino to get to where you are going.  And there are lots of  places to go!  Can't misses are: . . 1) Qua Spa. 2) Forum Shops. 3) The fountains around the property. . The restaurants, shops and spa are some of the best in Vegas so chances are you will end up here, but beware it is a black hole!  Stay on track and stay your course :)
It isn't what it used to be and it's starting to show its age compared to the newer more high end casinos next door (Bellagio, Aria, Vdara) However, there still is a lot to see and do a Caesars. The forum shops are still my favorite place to shop on the strip and the ceiling is one of the highlights. We don't gamble much, but every time I walk into Caesars I walk out with a little money unless she wants to go to the mall. The rooms are nice, but again there are better rooms in Vegas for much less... I guess there are perks to being an iconic Vegas hotel.
Holy crap this hotel is HUGE?! How many towers of rooms do they have?!. . I've been to Vegas soo many times and I have never once stay here. I FINALLY had the opportunity to stay here and it was pretty nice, however, I feel that it's not worth the price. You could stay at just as nice or nicer hotel for a cheaper or the same rate, respectively.. . FYI, They charge for every little thing. For example, it cost $1.50 for them to transfer a call from our room to Serendipity!. . Because Caesars has been around forever, some of their rooms need some remodeling and need to fix their showers, specifically have hot water.
My room was in the old tower...my bad didn't t know that one sucks. Thin walls and a tube tv? Wasn't in room much thank goodness
As Casinos go, this place was good.  I loved my room which was huge, it had a walk in shower, great beds, couch, mini-bar.  I think the staff is what made my stay as good as it was.  I was disappointed that the buffet was shut down and there was a lot of remodeling going on.  I know once it is done it will look great.  I will stay here again. I do hate the fact that you must pay for internet, there is no coffee in the room and water is so high.  Its Vegas
Great place on the strip to stay Their rooms are hit or miss!! I was in an outdated version that had a bathtub right next to the bed. Tacky!  Shops at the hotel are amazing and they have a lot of great restaurants to choose from.
This is just for the casino and shops. It's a really nice area that actually has some peaceful spots as well. Lots to do between eating, playing slots, table games and places to shop.  The chair lift was broken when we were trying to get up to another part, so we had to walk around an entire different area of the casino. When we told the security guard, he didn't really seem concerned. It would've been nice if someone was.
10 bucks for wi-fi?! Cheap bastards.
We stayed here for a bachelorette  party! Woot! Woot! I'm kind of a hotel whore and I loved it! It's such a nice and classy place. The place is also HUGE! I've never been to a hotel where we didn't need to leave the whole weekend. The only time we left was to get Subway across the street. . . The only damper was that the TV didn't work. So, they gave us hotel credits but then they didn't work and had to go back and I hate that! I still drank and someone else went but still...it sucked for that person. . . The club is definitely a little outdated but I loved the patio area and the fact that I didn't have towait in line because I'm a girl? I guess. Success!
It's unfortunate that I stayed at Caesar's AFTER I stayed at The Cosmopolitan, because the former is obviously older. Nevertheless, even without the comparisons, my opinion of the hotel and grounds is merely average.. . The most important thing in a hotel is the quality of rooms. I stayed in the Palace Tower, one of the relatively renovated/new-looking towers I believe, in a nice room on the 12th floor with a view of the beautiful pools. The room was nice, if a little on the plain and small side, with a good large bed, a couch, a desk, a flat-screen TV, closets with hangers, a makeup station with lighted mirror for vain chicks like le girlfriend, and a large bathroom - which actually consisted of two mini-bathrooms each with their own toilets (mine had a bidet, something my butt was pleasantly surprised by) - connected by a shower with two separate heads; there was also a large jacuzzi on one side. One of the shower heads didn't go hotter than lukewarm, and the shower drain sucked liquid slower than a person recovering from a stroke, forcing us to stand ankle deep in the dirty water if we showered for too long. Other than the shower problems, the room was alright, if a little too classical for my tastes. Then again, that's the whole theme of Caesar's.. . The hotel and property are enormous. Maybe TOO enormous, especially for the fat lazy denizens of our good country. Expect to take about 10 minutes to travel from your room to the strip during the beginning of your stay. The restaurant offerings inside are decent (Bradley Ogden is a very nice, Michelin-starred choice). Additionally, the hotel is connected to the Forum Shops, a large collection of designer stores and restaurants. The casino is large and has the largest poker room on the Strip I believe, but the card tables don't have automated shufflers, so the long shuffles broke the pace of the games.. . The aesthetics of the hotel are pretty great; Roman and classical styles are everywhere, from Corinthian columns to grand fountains and statues. Marble (or faux-marble) comprises all the hallways. Best of all, the pools here are probably one of the best on the Strip - they have 4 or 5 pools, some pool club, and a hot tub, and all of them are arranged together in a really aesthetically pleasing way, with columns and statues rising up out of and flanking the pools. . . Oh and yeah, if the amazing reviews for the spa here, Qua Spa, didn't convince you, let my charming good looks do that for you: GO THERE. . . Ultimately, this is a classic of Vegas, but I don't know if that means it's great. It's certainly a decent hotel, with both pluses and minuses, but I don't think the rooms (or the casino) can compare with newer hotels. Like the COSMO YAYY.
It's amazing how they keep building this place to the size it is.  From the outside, it really looks like a huge empire with their enormous towers spreading all over the horizon. Inside, Caesars is still classy as always, but the older towers are really outdated and rather than remodel they've expanded.  . . I was able to stay in the newest Octavius towers this timearound, the last time I stayed at Caesars was over 5 years ago and I remember the room being small and dingy.  They called it a suite, but it's about the size of a regular room. What was convenient is it's located right around the corner from check-in and overlooked their recently remodeled swimming pool with a great view.  The bathroom area is huge though with a jacuzzi bathtub.  We were hoping for a jacuzzi in the middle of the room, though but it wasn't.  Also we were expecting it to be big enough for 3 people (a suite with a large couch they said) but it was smaller than pictured and the couch was uncomfortable so we ordered a roller bed which cost $30 a night.  Wireless Internet access also costs about $12 a night too.. . I will say that their swimming pool is a good reason to stay at Caesars.  There are about 5 pools in the area with a couple jacuzzis on the side, and a blackjack swim up resort style area as well (not worth playing though,double down on 10&11 only, no re-split Aces, no surrender).  There are ample amounts of free lounge chairs, which is important because of the amount of pool loungers. You can also charge drinks to your room from the waitresses but you'll need to bring your id.  Prices for a large slushee drink here (pink lemonade, pina colada, strawberry dacquiri) ranged from $13 for a small and $17 for a large.. . The Forum Shops and the plentiful full bars scattered thoughout.  Bobby Flay has his Mesa restaurant her too.  Negatives are the only late night 24 hour restaurant (Cenral Michel Richard) is over-priced and the food wasn't very good. They're trying to be more foodie friendly and more than the avg bar but at 2am we're not really looking for that.  I guess we could've ordered room service but they said it would be at least a 1 hr wait and I was hungry.  . . The food court by parking has decent selections, but whatever you do don't go to the Lobster Chowder place!!!! Go across the street to Planet Hollywood for lobster roll fix or get something else instead if you must. Seriously!!!
The shopping is phenomenal....! . The structures are so Caesar...! . Reminds me of when I was in Greece on vacation...!
This enormous hotel casino is half a mile wide & at least a quarter of a mile deep, and opulent beyond description!  Our "Deluxe" room had every amenity imaginable, was nearly 1000 square feet, & offered an amazing view of the city!  The eight (!) swimming pools below, of different sizes, shapes & temperatures were great, there are about 20 restaurants (including the food court), & so on.  This whole place just drips with beauty & luxury.. . With all of this said there were some negatives, to me.  For one thing, it's a LONG way just from one place in the casino to another!  OR, do you just want to walk out front to the Strip?  It'll take you a while to get there!  And to your car??  You get the idea.  There were also no windows or doors to the outside that could be opened in our room to get some fresh air while enjoying a cup of coffee from the little brewer there (for $12).. . Also, I'm a KENO player, & there were bright spotlights shining from behind the counter out to glare into your eyes no matter where you sat in the player's area.. . You know what?  With all this wonderfulness, I think I actually have more fun at the "medium" Bally's, or maybe even at the lowly Imperial Palace.  If you don't have anything to prove, or a need to pretend you're a zillionaire for a few days, they both offer a relaxing, practical stay for much less $$$ & that's much of what we come here for, isn't it?     :-)
Get to the Chase:. . Pros:. 1) As grand as you expect it to be...or saw in The Hangover :p. 2) Swanky Greco-style! Amazing artwork, decor, and definitely Caesar salad ballerness. 3) I'd recommend it most certainly, but prepare to pay some mooola $$ cuz you won't be saying "It aint no thang". . Cons:. 1) Could put more emphasis on giving the vibe of each guest being royalty...but I guess that's just logisitically impossible or too costly...but I'd say I should feel like a friggn Caesar in my PALACE! (gorgeous people feeding me grapes, transportation by human-drawn chariots, my own personalized robes with gold embroidery, a platter of roasted boar and fresh fruits, wine by the jugs!) NOW THAT's Caesar-ness
*they over charged us, put another card down, forincidentals and then they ended up double charging me. Just have to wait til the money gets back in. Annoying.. . *stayed in the palace tower. LOVED IT, but the bed was not comfy at all. . .  Overall the hotel is wonderful, I love the topless pool! Lol. It's Cesar's its nice, it has so much to offer I might go back, but the over charging rubbed me wrong. So I'm rating low because of that. They admitted that it was a mistake by the girl at check in... Thought they would give us a better perk rather than "oh opps!": . .  It's Caesar's
I was super excited to stay at Caesar's Palace for my 40th birthday.  We booked our room 6 months in advance and had very high expectations.  We stayed at the Palace Tower Room 2618, where the toilet was a constant problem.  It overflowed a few times, leaving the carpets soaked.  I slipped when I went from the carpet to the tile, with my wet feet.  The staff came and fixed the toilet/cleaned the water, but we were never offered another room.  By the sceond day we could not flush the toilet anymore, and it was close to check out time.  The area by our pool lobby smelled like vomit, as did a few of the elevators.  There was a hole in the wall near the door by our room.  This was unacceptable.  There were few cocktail waitresses in the casino.  The place is very large.  Our friends stayed in the Octavius Tower, which was very far and inconvenient.  The sports book could be so much better.  There were two large screen tvs that were very outdated and the tv screens were blurry.  Overall,I expected excellence at this hotel, but what I got was fairness.  I would not stay there again.
I stayed here for a Bachelorette Party this past weekend.  On Thurs, we were in room 832 in the Palace Tower.  Room was nice with a view of the pool.  I think it was a small suite.  Only had one bed and one shower but 2 bathrooms.  Bathroom was nice compared to where we ended up staying next.  On Friday to Sunday, we were in a 4-bedroom suite in the Roman Tower in 1182.  This was cool, but I wasn't a fan of the bathroom.  One of the rooms smelled like smoke.  None of us stayed there.  There were 16 girls.  . . I was surprised that such a nice hotel didn't have flat screen t.v.s yet.  It was nice they had a counter, fridge, and dining table.. . I did not like the service.  I asked for 16 towels and they asked why.  Then they said, well we can give 4 towels per room, and I was like duh!  4 bedrooms, 4 towels each so 16 total towels.  I also asked for 20 paper cups so we can drink our alcohol.  Waited 30-40 min and said forget it.  . . Overall, I would stay here again because it is a nice hotel in general.  I think they just need to fix a few things.
Caesar's Palace remains classy in an ideal spot along the Strip.  However, I think I enjoy visiting Caesar's more than I do staying at Caesar's.. . The rooms could be cleaner - I found dirty underwear under the bed in our $350 room in the Octavius Tower!!  In addition, the Octavius Tower is literally half a mile from the main lobby, too much of a trek.. . The food court is crazy expensive and not exciting.  . . A redeeming feature is the pool, or should I say pools?  There are over five pools and each offers a different clientele.. . I would do Caesar's again...if I have a free room.
Lets play together!. . Ok this place used to be my fave, but then ventured out and fell in love with Red Rock and The Cosmo and all the nice new casinos. I shouldnt say much though bc I now work for MGM! LOL.. . So The newer rooms,like new modern bedding, are cute. The bathrooms were huge, but sometimes finding your area is confusing. Walk past the barge, 2 steps to the right and bam youre there! JK. But seriously, if youre not super familiar you can def get lost!. . The slots here are so-so, they dont have a ton of NEW slots, but they have a ton of SLOTS... among sluts. LOL. I like to play in the back towards the Forum shops, thats where they have a lot of penny machines plus theres usually a cocktail waitress or 4 around.. . Favorite shop at the Forums is def H&M! I love to just go and walk around and shit and people watch! I love the crazy wacky tourists! Beware though, those shops are freakin huge and you can also get lost!! Check out the giant fish tank and then go to Fat Tuesday!!
I checked into my room. Really nice view of the strip but my room had a strong odor of smoke even after requesting a nonsmoking room. I called down to the desk, they offered me another room but they said it's also a smoking optional room. Which means...HELLO...it will smell. I told them that I cannot be in a room that smells like smoke. So, he continued to look and found one. Yes, he found a room that smelt oh so lovely but it was smaller, very darker, looking straight at a WALL. I'd rather be in a room where I can see LIGHT, SUN, ACTION, THE SKY, etc. We called back down and moved again. I know it's a pain in the ass - but seriously, if we are complaining about the smell, don't downgrade us to a lesser room.. . Anyway, the customer service was professional and they knew how to handle it well in the end. Check out was easy, extended til 1:00pm.. . Pool was neat - drinks are a bit spendy!!!! ($16 for a small). . The hotel is sooo large, it takes almost a mile to get to your room from the strip!. . Would stay again if I had to - but I'll probably continue looking around for other options. I'm never set stone at any hotel in Vegas - I like changing it up.
I stayed in the Augustus Tower for a business trip (thank goodness I didn't pay for it).  The room was amazing, especially the bathroom...it was HUGE!  The bed was comfy (the little I slept) and the room had enough space for me to clone myself at least 35 times and still have room.  Awesome slot machines (I ACTUALLY won money).  The Pure nightclub was pretty disappointing after waiting in line with my fiance for over an hour...we stayed maybe 30 min and left.  Great central location for anything you want to do.  The buffet was closed, so we had to go elsewhere to eat.
The hotel over all is pretty good, but my only complaint was that my room had a bit of a strange odor.  The hotel is huge with several towers.  The casino has everything a gambling enthusiast might want; slots, tables, cards.  There are also a few restaurants inside tho they will cost you a pretty penny.  The pool is about average size, and I say this because we visited several other hotels while we were there and they seemed to have some bigger ones.  But I really did enjoy the swim up bar  If you are not too concerned about the view from your balcony, the price of the rooms is not too bad either, but watch out for the odor. In the end, I think this hotel is decent for the price that we paid.
I received a complimentary stay at Caesar's Palace for two nights.  Right off the bat, I should not be picky at all, BUT I would like to share with others my brief experience staying at one of the more expensive hotels on the strip.. First we were issued one of the Augustus Tower rooms, one of the nicest towers, but when I requested an UPGRADE for two instead of one beds, we were not only downgraded, but was issued a different room at the opposite tower which was your basic stay room with nothing fancy.  The room, I will tell you now, is just like any other room on the strip if you were looking for something comfortable.  There is nothing fancy about a basic room at Caesars so definitely save your money for another hotel OR get a better room at Caesars if you want the full experience.  In addition, there was lipstick found on the bedsheets upon entering the room, the light shades were a bit broken, and the view faced the side parking lot.  We asked repeatedly for a different room but EVERYTHING was booked that weekend.. Like I said, I should not be picky since it was comped but the experience and the downgrade left me feeling a little empty from the hotel experience side of Vegas.  Again, unless you are getting a really nice room at the Augustus Tower, save your money for another hotel.
I finally paid more than I wanted just to say I stayed here. I was disappointed. The room wasn't any better than an upgraded room at Excalibur. Also, if you're young and like to party, this casino isn't for you. It has an older person/ family friendly/more laid back feel to it and it gets pretty quiet/dead about midnight. I feed off of the energy around me and enjoy lively casinos even at the wee hours.  The adjoining mall is cool and convenient. And there are a lot of places to eat. Overall, I think it is overpriced and kind of dead if you like to get your party on. Unless I got a great deal, I would NOT pay their inflated prices to stay here again.
TIP: When you catch a cab from the airport and they ask you whether you want to take the freeway or the side streets to Caesar's, take note that you're being scoped out for a scam and tell them to take Paradise.  If you say don't know or just say "the fastest route", the driver is most likely going to take you on the freeway, which will run you about $33 compared to about $16 the other way.  This happened to me, but I didn't know I was being hosed until the Concierge at Caesar's gave me instructions for the ride back to the airport.  Pretty shady, but so glad the hotel gave me a heads up for the return.. . It's hard for me to give athorough review because I'm not a gambler and hate casinos, but was here for a conference.  Last time I was in Vegas, I stayed at the Mandarin Oriental, which is not a fair comparison (although Caesar's charges as much for some of the rooms).. . I was upgraded to the Octavius tower, which is the newest tower and I guess the nicest rooms unless you're in a suite.  The room was very nice and comfortable. Loved the color scheme.  But they got cheap in weird places, so it falls short of being luxurious (although some wouldn't know; I'm just old & sober enough to know & care).  For example, there's a TV in the bathroom, but it's tiny, not HD, has only 11 channels (compared to the large HD TV in the bedroom with 30+ channels), and there's no remote so you can't control it from the jacuzzi tub...why bother to have the TV?  It's almost worthless.  Also, no in-room coffee unless you pay for the pods, which most hotels give you for free (there was comp coffee in the Augustus tower lobby area in the mornings, though).  No bath salts available for the tub (even checked the gift shop)--do not use the shower gel because once those jets get going, you'll be overrun by suds (LOL).  And the maid didn't leave a new supply of toiletries on my 2nd day (which would've been ok except that I had 2 shower gels & no shampoo on day 1, so was hoping to have that corrected on day 2).. . On the plus side, the bed was very comfortable and the casino offers good restaurants.  The food during the conference was very good, too (breakfast, lunch, appetizers).  Staff is very friendly, courteous, and helpful--great service.. . I just wish the ventilation system was more advanced.  The newest casinos like Cosmopolitan and Aria have such great ventilation that the cigarette smoke really isn't a problem, but at Caesar's it hits you the second you walk in.. . Summary:  I'd stay again if for business travel or I got a discounted room or something.  Even if staying elsewhere, I'd come here for some of the restaurants or shows (or shopping, of course--can't beat having the Forum Shops there).  If paying full price and didn't have business bringing me here, I'd opt for Vdara or Cosmopolitan or Mandarin Oriental personally (MO & Vdara are non-gaming).. . But again, remember that I don't like casinos and going to Vegas is not my idea of  a great time...this was all about business for me.
We asked for non-smoking (Palace Tower) but we were hit by a wave of smoke when we opened the door. Worse, the bathroom had been used - towel on the floor, wet sink, open tube of soap or lotion. They said sorry, although we requested non-smoking, they could not guarantee it. They could, however, run an ozone machine there for an hour, but we would have to be out of the room. It was near 11:00 PM and we were exhausted from our trip already. They insisted no other rooms were available. But we insisted that we could not stay in that room, especially since it didn't look like it had been properly cleaned, and that they speak to their manager, after which another room magically appeared.. . It was a bigger room with two bathrooms sharing a common shower, so that was nice. But you could see it was falling apart. The toilet flush handle would get stuck and keep flushing. Water leaked out of the shower stall door. The shower heads put out fine needles of water, mildly uncomfortable.  The bidet water pressure was too low for use. The TV had the wrong aspect ratio set (which we could not unset). But it was better than the "smokehouse". Our room at the Venetian was more updated, with motorized shades/curtains and a real sitting room.. . The main attraction (apart from their new spa, for $45) is their pool area, which was very windy that week, but still ok when the sun was shining. If you like sunbathing, it's a nice area. But there was a soda can floating in the center pool. Gym is $25/day.. . Restaurants there are Vegas-priced, expensive, but you can get a set lunch for about $24. Best deal is the food court burger for about $6 (using free Total Rewards card). Also great BBQ there. Lobster roll not much lobster, though everything there is cooked well.. . There is also the Bachannal buffet, but arrive early to miss the line. We paid $43 for dinner. Good selection includes crab legs and prime rib, but not much fish or lobster. (The Bellagio's buffet had awesome sea bass.) Lamb was tough, dry. Also had some Asian dishes. Great ice cream selection, e.g. Balsamic fig.
if they check you into the roman towers, tell them no way!  its the last tower to be renovated in feb 2013 and right now its OLD!  yuck ...
Just a normal stay at Ceasar's, nothing special.
Stayed at Caesar's Palace a few years back and actually enjoyed it.  I don't know what's happened since.  Most hotels on the strip had a pretty good filter which filters off the cigarette smoke.  I walked into Caesars and I was blown away by how it smelled.  I understand that smoking is allowed but I really think Caesar needs to step up their game when competing with hotels like Bellagio, Wynn, Encore, Aria, etc.  . . On the side note: I'm starting to see LOTS of footprints on the parking lot ceilings which leads me to the conclusion that this place is heading towards Circus Circus status. Just saying.
I made it to Caesars Palace!. . I say this because while being a broke college student, we always stayed at the other palace on the strip... The Imperial Palace... . . It was New Years Day, 2013 I got a great deal and booked under $100 for the night!. . It was the BF and I and we wanted something central for Taxi purposes, this is important! We were going to be clubbing at LAVO for the evening so taking a cab, or walking in my heels, you have to think about being centrally located.. . Got upgraded to the Forum Tower (I don't know what we had before) on the top floor.. (Hello # 69!) Walked in and found the room to be pretty spacious for the 2 of us. Nice King bed, couch, and cool bathroom (No tub, just a pretty cool shower) TV in the mirror (Great for getting ready for clubbing).. . I liked how close the tower was to the casino (You walk right into it!) and it was pretty close to the parking garage, and to the Forum shops! . . LAVO was playing all that EDM Music. So after the open bar, we left and ended up a PURE.  This was the quickest walk back to the room ever! Stop by PURE and get on the Hotel guestlist. Room Key may be requested.. . . I have heard great things about THIS palace. I'm glad I got to check this one off my list! I'll be back, if I can get a cheap deal like this again!
They have staff dress up in ancient Roman garb so you can have a glorious time of getting your cheesy tourist photos taken to your hearts content.  The casino itself wasn't one of the nicest on the strip but it will do the trick.  The location is very central to everything else on the strip and they also have the awesome Forum mall that can give a lot of added value if you need to do lots of shopping.
The room was just okay, I think that they could offer free Internet though for the price.
For the price of the rooms, there are several things they do good and several things that could be majorly improved.  For one, the Roman and Palace towers are in horrible condition.  If you are not in the Augustus or Octavius towers, forget about it.  The line to check in is just ridiculous.  I've never checked in here and not had to wait an insane amount of time to just get a room.  The Casino is clean (not too horribly smoky) and has a wide variety of games.  Pure is a trendy nightclub that as long as you don't have to wait in line, a lot of fun...just be careful the drink you order as some can surprise you on how expensive they are.  The conference areas are awesome for large or small conventions.  Beds are comfortable and the bathrooms are spacious.  Love the rooms with the jacuzzi and shower separate.  The price of coffee, alcohol, or basically anything you'd get in your room (movies, room service, food of any kind) is crazy expensive.  Guess that's how they get you though.  Food wise, the buffet was back open but I didn't get an opportunity to go there.  The places I did dine in the casino were Serendipity 3 outside the entrance and the little market place by the shops.  Piece of pizza was almost $8, but by far the cheapest thing around.  The food at Serendipity was awesome, but if you can eat it all on your own, you need a medal.  Great to split with a friend (or make one while you are there).  Cell phone signal, not any provider in any room.
This casino is so big, I always get lost! Foodwise, they range from a food court (where you can pay $4 for a soda and get free refill for your whole weekend in Vegas, seriously, the cashier even tells you that) to fine dining. Their new addition, Bacchanal Buffet is a must try. . . The casino is filled with slots. The tables are not my cup of tea as the minimums are more than I'm willing to play. If you're coming from the escalator from The Quad, you cannot get out the same way. It is ONLY an entrance. I always have a hard time finding my way and square footage wise, this is one of the biggest hotel.
While the property itself is beautiful and the location is supreme our room was not what I would consider luxurious. It was nice and fairly large, but there were no plugs, only an extension cord running behind the bed. There was one wall plug behind the curtain where the cover was actually hanging out of the wall with a lamp plugged into it! That just didn't seem to safe.. The positives: the bed was super comfortable and the bathroom was very large.. . I realize I was in the cheaper tower of this hotel and I actually used the app Hotel Tonight to book the room so it ended up costing me $54 for the night so if I had the chance to stay there again for that price I would. If I had to pay full price I think I would look elsewhere and happily walk down the strip to see the sites.
My husband and I decided to take advantage of the deal they offered, $170 per night for the Palace Tower room with a jacuzzi. We had certain expecations since their rooms are usually $350 and up.. Good air circulation/ventilation which means it did not smell of stale cigarettes and the smoke did not linger throughout the casino. Very helpful, friendly staff.. We booked the Palace Tower room and needless to say, it did not meet our expectations. For a jacuzzi room, it was average. Nothing special about the room, decor and the bathroom. The only plus side was the view of the pools. (We recently stayed at T.I. in a jacuzzi suite and the room was better!!). Bacchanal buffet was AWESOME and worth every penny!!
This is a pretty nice Casino. Most of it feels nice and open, probably the nicest slot layout out of any of the casinos in Las Vegas. The color scheme was nice, and the ceilings are beautiful. Best Sports Book in my opinion also with Mirage being the runner up if that is your thing.
Well, there was an Orthodontic Convention going on there  Feb 20-23. After we had to fight for the rooms that were paid for by our boss, not to mention he paid for upgraded rooms as well. We had received an E-mail indicating that our rooms were ready however, they were not. Not only were they not ready we were not getting the rooms that were paid for. They wanted to put my co worker and I in a smoking room with 2 double beds. My other co workers were going to be put in a smoking room with 1 king bed. Ummmm I don't think so! Once I got the manager he then all of a sudden found our rooms go figure. There was another member that was with us however, she was in a different tower. Once we got to our rooms they were very nice and could not complain about them at all. . . When we checked in, although our rooms were paid for we each had to give our own credit cards for incidentals. Ok didn't think anything of it. Both my co-worker and I gave our CC and one co-worker out of the two in the other room gave her CC for incidentals. The other member we were with in the other Tower gave hers as well. I think there was only one charge to one of those CC and it was for WI Fi. All other charges to our cards were done as we went through our weekend.. . By the time we returned home on Monday all 4 out of the 6 CC were compromised and had to be canceled. There was activity going on in stores that we were not anywhere near. Now 3 weeks later my bosses CC has been compromised. Activity going on in one of the Casino's. Why it took so long to get that one figured out is beyond me. Needles to say now 5 out of the 6 have had to be canceled. The only CC that was not compromised was the one co- worker that did not give hers to the front desk for incidentals. Now seriously don't you think there is something funky going on or what?  . . Such a shame as we really enjoyed our time there. It's a beautiful hotel a little to big but beautiful and the food in all of the restaurants were very good. Not only am I concerned about returning to Caesars, I'm concerned about any of the hotels and who can and can not be trusted.
Little mix up with our reservation (that I made last November!). . I've been staying here every year for about 8 years (meet here yearly for a Trauma Conference) so it with some regret I'm only giving this visit/stay a 3 star review.  The little mix up to my reservation was that I had requested a King bed and was given a two queen room, in addition they had placed me in a free upgrade without asking (in a brand new tower) and when i saw that and requested my original room back they found that my requested room type no longer existed. . . To explain more fully I will say that the conference meets early and runs late, and we found early on that to stay in the tower that the conference rooms are actually in (20 floors down of course!) is much more convenient and there is no lack of luxury in the wonderful jacuzzi suites. Because of this when i make my reservations FOUR months in advance I sort of expect a place as wonderful as Caesar's to be able to keep the original reservation or maybe at least mention that all bets are off and i may not get what i wanted in spite of the fact of early reservations or that they might upgrade me without my knowledge. We routinely stay at the Langham Pasadena (formerly Ritz Carlton) and while I'm not a total snob, they are really the template for the ultimate in customer service. Think Nordstroms gone crazy...that's the Langham.  I guess because we only have a couple of fancy trips per year I appreciate the effort that goes into making my stay that much better. It saddened me somewhat to see that Caesar's was not able to meet or exceed the quality of customer service at the Langham.. . So here we are, finally in the correct tower but in a double queen room only 12 floors up (I also request the highest possible floor just for the wow factor of the gorgeous strip views!) Is it a nice room? Yes. Is it the room I had been hoping for for the past four months? No.  . . We'll survive, though, and trudge on bravely facing the harsh reality of our measly little queen room but still...visions of the King room still bounce around in my head.  Next year I plan to call in the summer to talk to someone in customer service so that I can use their system to try to not have this happen again. . . Room service was delightful and every staff member I've called on the phone so far has really wished us well and asked how our trip in was. They are so friendly, that's for sure.
I went here for family vacation two years ago, I wasn't a Yelper back then but I am now. I don't know what the heck the deal is with this place. It is not as good as people say it is.. . The pools sure look a fun place to be in, but I went in and it felt like any other hotel pool. It had a great design and all, it's cool putting a bar in there and a card dealing place, but seriously you have to be that much of a lifeless gambler to actually gamble while swimming.. . Ugggh....the place disgusts me. Over-expensive bottled drinks in vending machines, it is really hell and for rich people. Casinos everywhere and smell of cigarettes....ewww.
Just spent 4 nights at Caesar's Palace.  Was upgraded to a suite in the Palace Tower.  Very nice room, but would have been better if it was cleaner.  Biggest problem was the water temp for the shower.  Never once during our stay were we able to get a hot shower.  They even shut the water off between midnight and 5 am once during our stay for repairs.  No one even asked how our stay was on checkout.  We were with a convention so we did not have a choice on hotels.  Next time I book the Mirage or MGM.  Have been much happier at both of those in the past.. . I also don't think that their air filtration system was working well.  Just walking through the casino to the elevators made our clothes and hair stink.  Haven't had that experience at the other hotels we have stayed at either.  I'm not anti-smoking so that isn't the issue, just that other hotels seem to handle the smoke so much better.
upon arrival they didn't even have our room thaqt we booked in january/'13 for a check in of 3/6/13 the guy had to go back and get approval......not saying he wasn't nice or courteous but seriously?!    weplay a lot and come to vegas 15 times a year don't have the patience for ish like this . and i'm not the type of person to ask for an upgrade or a favor maybe i should be. the rooms were already comped by the casino host based on our play from our last stay. the room was nothing to write home about ur avg room you would think they could have done something nicer given the fact that my friend was playing 1500 a hand for 7-9 hrs.i averaged 450 a hand for 7-9 hrs   we ventured down the strip and mandalay bay saw the amt of action we were bringing they comped us rooms immediately which was nice not that we even needed them but its nice to feel appreciated some times i guess maybe im just old fashion like that. however back to the Caesars Palace  they do have nice forum shops and ample pools   but the gave us a room in the octavio tower which is no less then a half mile hike to the room from the registration desk and our room was at the end of the longest hallway i have seen in vegas yet it was like we were being place on time out lol.       after looing 23,000 we aptly named the walk to the room "the walk of shame" not i cant write a review based on loosing that would not be fair now would it lol    ( after all vegas wasn't built on winners , trust me on this one) . . . all in all the host jay craviotto reviewed our play and comped the 100.00 something room a night haha and the 200 in food and drinks we charged to the room) which was obvious was going to happen but he was a pleasure working with and we may return here but we get way better comps at cosmopolitan and mandalay bay for some reason) we get show tickets and mny to play with and large rooms etc etc . who knows may try them again but this time i would have to go through a host like jay who is understanding of the gravity of the situation
This used to be one of my favorite places to stay at. Here are some quick tips though!. . 1. Parking here is really ample, there's a lot that leads to the back part of Caesar's Palace. Park on the 5thfloor on the outdoor rooftop for easy elevator access without walking too far.. . 2. The check-in counter from the parking lot is a long ways away! Try to take the Appian Way to cut through most of the building and read them signs!. . 3. The $20 tip trick holds true here, try your best to score an upgrade to another resort room!. . 4. No resort fees! Though I think the price is just built into the hotel total price anyway.. . 5. The Bacchanal Buffet is tremendous! I wrote a review about it separately from this one about the Hotel itself.. . I stayed here multiple times with different people. My family and I visited some time in 2005 and stayed in the nicer suites. It was really comfortable, the decor was awesome, and the jacuzzi tub was a plus. Fast forward a bit and in the last year or so my girlfriend and I wound up in Vegas for our first (of many!) trips to Vegas. I was excited to relive my experience in a suite that my family and I stayed in.. . There are a few things that cause me to believe that whoever designed Caesars was a guy who wanted people to walk long distances for no reason. The property for Caesar's is humongous. I mean walking through the whole property would probably be a nice day's exercise. Everything is far apart.. . What probably makes the least sense is the fact that the parking lot and the hotel lobby area are really far apart. The last thing that I wanted to do was to walk with all my luggage to the check in counter that was about ten minutes away. The other thing that bothered me was that the room elevators for each of the individual towers was also far, far away. It seemed like there was no central design in mind for Caesar's Palace.. . Anyways, it's good to get exercise, but one of the bigger design flaws is the lack of signage that tells you where to go. It's hard for first time hotel guests who parked in the lot to find the lobby area by navigating the vast ways around the hotel floor. Besides the complex design, the whole casino feels like something that is semi-transformed from being part of old Vegas legend. It feels kind of like some of the games have seen their fair share of days. . . The rooms within the casino though are pretty comfortable provided you do not get hooked up with the rooms near the parking lot. The day we came to Caesar's, we tipped $50 to get a "complementary" upgrade. As a side note, $50 is way over paying, usually a $20 will suffice! Anyways, the room we got upgraded to was comfortable, but I would say that there were many small issues with room cleanliness. Speaking of which, the service is mediocre and is typical, nothing to rave about, but pretty standard in Vegas.. . The bottom line is that if everywhere else in the 5 star hotel category is sold out/expensive, I wouldn't mind staying here again for cheap. Otherwise, I  would say that staying at this hotel is pretty skippable.
Im really conflicted with Caesars. The rooms are severely outdated and doesnt accommodate the needs of the modern traveler. The televisions were extremely small (32") and uncomfortable beds. The bathrooms were dated as well, with the white marble looking dirty and the wall paper peeling. I was quite disappointed with the service. I requested just two wine glasses and didnt get them until 6 hours later. Also when I ordered room serviced breakfast, I received jam that was previous opened...The only redeeming factor of this hotel is the AWESOME buffet. I've been to all the buffets in Las Vegas and hands down, Caesars buffet is the best.. . Stayed April 2013, traveled on business
I like Cesar's Palace i just feel they have built so many new casinos now that this one feels so old fashion now. The furniture and interior needs some uplifting and the colors look very dull to me every time i walk in they just look to dark to me. Maybe there suppose to look that way because they want to keep it in the ancient times, but i wasn't that impressed with the room we stayed in either and the room service was not the greatest they didn't show up until 3:00 pm in the afternoon which we had wanted our room cleaned earlier. I am only giving the 3-stars because it is one of the original casinos that was built in Las Vegas and it has some history to be seen there.
This was my first and last stay at Caesar's Palace LV.  I prepaid for 3 deluxe rooms at the new Octavius Tower and was expecting a smooth check-in process when my family and I arrived but no such luck.  Driving up to the South Entrance Exclusive entrance was smooth, the guy at Valet was niceand helpful!  Walk into the hotel and head towards check-in and the girl at the front desk was not the smartest.... I gave her my name and reservation numbers along with letting her know that I had paid our rooms in full prior to arrival.  She smugly replied to me with a "we'll see about that".  From there my registration experience only got worse,  it took her 20 minutes to verify that the rooms were paid in full and after that she proceeded to ask for a CC for incidental authorization which is customary in some hotels but for whatever reason she ended up charging $600 to the card instead of the authorization.  I asked her why and she said well since you already paid for your rooms the computer system won't allow me to just authorize $200 a room so I charged it and when you check out  the charges will be reversed.  Well I found this whole ordeal to be completely unacceptable being that Bellagio and Venetian did not do that and even worse a trip to Laughlin a couple months back staying at Harrahs no problems.  So I asked to speak with her manager so sue called him and then hung up and said to hold on, she went out a door and was behind us talking to a man on a desk who followed her to her workstation and said he was the guy in charge, his name was Justin Prince.  We explained to him the problem of charging the card vs auth and the fact that even after we checked out the reverse normally would take a couple of days to process. He really didn't care not even when I told him about the other much nicer hotels and even Caesar's sister hotel Harrah's.   Not very customer service oriented.  . . We finally made it to the rooms and they were nice large marble floor bathrooms with jetted tub, comfy bed and nice linens, flat screen TV and a decent view of the Bellagio.  After unpacking and getting situated we realized the lack of outlets in the room.  With 3 people staying in the room in a gadget dominated world with only 3 open plugs, certainly not enough for the iPhones and iPads and laptop to all charge at the same time.   I did call the front desk and they sent a maintenance man over with a power cord and I do have to say the lady at the desk and the maintenance man were quite nice.  My only other issue was they only provided 2 sets of towels, so I had to call down for that too. . . Now the Casino- well it's the same OLD, same OLD.  Not much different than when walking thru in visits past.   They need a make over or major refurbishment. . . The Forum Shops-  Very nice shopping as usual.  Probably the only reason for a future visit.
My first trip to Vegas. I was in town for a conference and had a room in the Palace Tower. The space had an Art Deco flair. I had a clean room which was very quiet, almost eerily so at times, as I rarely saw anyone else on my floor other than housekeeping.. The space was a tad worn, with tape holding down carpet seams in the hallway, some frayed carpet behind the nightstand, which I saw when trying to plug in my phone charger, and some wearing on the back of bathroom door and vanity, but really overall nice. The TV reception and availability of channels was not great, but I imagine most people are not there for the in-room TV options.. At the conference they had impressive food at thewelcome reception, and the desserts at all meals were great. . During the conference, especially in Pompeii III, there was a lot of ruckus (loud conversations, motorized vehicles) in what I imagine were internal hallways, which made it hard to hear some of the sessions.. I found that Caesar's Palace had an iPhone app, and since there were not a lot of in-room materials detailing amenities on site, I tried using it to find out more about the spa and other options, however when I would put in my room number and name (which were what the room was paid for under) the app would generate an error. I am not sure if it was related to the fact that I was told at check in that my room was not available, and was put in a different room.. I was also given two room key cards, and one of them was never functional. Not a big deal since I was alone, and once I figured it out I made sure I kept the functional one with me.. The location was convenient to the Forum shoppes, the Bellagio, Mon Ami Gabi and more.. I did enjoy the room including decor and the array of restaurants on site, and if I were in the area again for business, I would certainly consider Caesar's Palace.
The rooms are very nice and everything is very clean at this hotel. My only real complaint was how ridiculously over priced the alcholic beverages were at the pool...really 18$ for a 16oz drink that had only one shot or $24 for a 24oz drink with 4 shots...come on,,be reasonable with your paying hotel customers and they will return for years to come.
Depending on what end of the strip you're staying at, you may or may not make it to Caesars as there are so many hotels, casinos, and restaurants.  However, if you're going to catch a show or concert, you'll most likely end up at Caesars.  The hotel has a bit of nostalgic draw as well.
Caesars is iconic on the strip and a great place to see a concert or show.  The restaurants are pretty good and the bar scene and casino are very crowded, at least on the weekend nights.
My sister and I stayed at the Caesars during our most recent trip to Vegas. I want to give this place more than 3 stars. I really do. Maybe I've been spoiled by staying at The Venetian, Palazzo, and Encore in recent years. But Caesars was just ok and didn't have that wow factor. Service at check in was disappointing. We had an issue with our reservation as it had been done by an affiliate of Priceline. The worker seemed annoyed and was quite rude while she figured out the situation. In the end, we stayed in a standard 2-bed room on the 5th floor of the Palace Tower.. . Pros:. - Centrally located on the Strip. - Beautiful pool and awesome pool service. - Forum shops are open quite late. - Valet and luggage service is top notch. . Cons:. - Some of the chairs in our room had funky stains and some air vents looked dirty in the restroom. . - TV in our room kept messing up.. - Check-in service was disappointing.. - Not too many good dining choices. . . Overall, the Caesars Palace was ok, but I don't think it was worth what my sister and I paid for.
Can't tell you about the hotel or food here.. Shops are great at the Forums.. Casino here leaves something to be desired. : /
I used to always think Caesar's Palace was one of the nicer hotels on the strip until my recent visit. It was my first time staying at Caesar's and I expected it to be beautiful. It's not that the hotel wasn't nice, but there are so many nicer hotels on the strip for the same price. It was your basic room: shower, jacuzzi tub, 2 beds, flat screen TV and mini bar. . . The Caesar's casino area was also pretty outdated. Not to mention the setup of the casino felt too cramped. I feel more comfortable gambling at other casinos where it's more open. . . The only plus in my opinion is Caesar's is the location of many fine dining restaurants, shops, Serendipity 3 and the Bacchanal buffet. For those reasons I will definitely be back, but just to visit and not actually stay here. . . **I ate at the Gordon Ramsay restaurant at the Caesar's and I must say that I was thoroughly disappointed with everything from the food to the service. You can read my full review on the restaurants Yelp page.
What was once the star of the strip is now overshadowed by its neighbors.  Still there is plenty to like about this place.  The restaurants have improved significantly over the past 2 years with the addition of the Bacchanal Buffet and Gordon Ramsey Pub.  However the casino is poorly laid out, the shopping is a mess, the forum shops are difficult to navigate and the rooms a disappointment for the money (nice rooms, too high a price).  Still this place has some great shows including Absinthe and is home to Serendipity III where people watching over desert is an art form!. . There is a lot to like here but a lot to improve as well.
So we came here for a concert and the parking structure is tore up there are foot prints all along the upper walls and you would think with all the money Caesars Palace makes they can re paint the parking structure. I felt like I was at a old Vegas hotel in downtown Vegas . They need to address this issue ASAP and repaint and clean up around here it is not attractive. you would never see this at the Encore or Wynn Hotels
Stayed in a suite here and when we got up to the room I felt like I needed to get ready to redo a 70s porn! Exhausted laid on the bed and there was a huge mirror above the bed! The living room furniture was not very comfortable. Flipped a coin and both decided to share the bed, neither of us could do that to the other. Thankfully there is plenty of alcohol in Las Vegas and we drank enough to make the room comfortable for a plutonic friendship and even got comped porn rentals we made in search of the exact room that we swear was used for many in 1973! Location of the hotel is great and the shopping is awesome but the rooms are not up par!
Husband had a work conference at Caesar's, so that's how we ended up staying at this hotel. The package included a Palace Tower room (at $200/night). Knowing how much it costs probably (does) factor into my rating of the room. . . I attempted to get an upgrade at check-in, but for $50 extra a night, no thanks. Also, no non-smoking king rooms available, so husband and I got to squeeze into a double bed together, how fun! Haven't done that since college. . . Upon entering the room, husband immediately said, "This is probably the worst room I've stayed in in a long time," if that tells you anything. It's not necessarily that the room was BAD, it wasn't, it was just dated. And for $200 a night, it's ridiculous, compared to the deals I can find in Vegas for that kind of dough. . . The television (maybe 22"..wtf) didn't work when we arrived, but a quick call to guest services and the tv was functioning again. Damn, I wanted a better room.. . I was hoping for two queen beds since we were forced out of a king, but nope. Double beds it is. . . The room has two bathrooms essentially, connected by the shower. I thought it was cool at first. Then I realized how convenient it would have been to have double sinks next to each other. You see, we only brought one tube of toothpaste and face wash. I had to retrieve it from the other sink every time I need it. There's also a bidet in one of the bathrooms. I wonder who uses them? . . We had a half view of the pool and that was about it. Pretty disappointing. . . Overall, just not super impressive. I'm sure if we had been able to stay in one of the updated towers things would have been different. I wouldn't stay here on my own dime, that's for sure. . . I will say having the forum shops so close is convenient. I can appreciate having Sephora right downstairs, as well as a plethora of restaurants and other shops.
Get to the pool early, the good chairs fill up fast. cesars was ... what I expected, but not more. don't think i'll stay again with so many choices
Great location, but overpriced given what you receive for your money and what's available nearby. I spent a lot of money for a room, and the room was large, but nothing especially impressive. Plus, my room was dark and not well lit. The hotel itself is crowded, noisy, and difficult to navigate. You tend to get lost walking long distances through noisy casino floors to get to your room. At luxury prices, it doesn't provide a luxury experience. . . The staff is helpful and friendly, but they are overworked-- when I asked if the bell desk could bring down my luggage from my room,. I was told it would take 20 minutes for them to get to my room. That's not the kind of service I expected. . . The buffet is worth experiencing, but other than Nobu, the other restaurants are nothing special.. . The ambiance at some other well-known hotels on the Strip is much nicer and when you realize that their rooms can be had for half the price, you wonder why anyone bothers with the tacky chaos of Caesars Palace.
I really wish you could give half stars because I would rate this a solid 3.5. It's definitely not a full 4 but it's better than a 3. . . Stayed there this past weekend booked through the Hotel Tonight app. Got a basic room in the old Forum tower. The room was nice, bigger than expected, the bed was amazing!!! But like other reviewers have stated the room was poorly lit. The bathroom was very nice/pretty. Had two shower heads, a regular one and a rainfall like one. . . The main reason I'm giving a review on the low side was because of our check in experience. Hotel Tonight stated that check in was at 4, we tried to check in at 3 and we're told the room wasn't ready yet. Was told to hang around the casino & they would call my cell at 4 when the room was ready. It got to be 4:30 & I had not gotten a call. So went to the front desk & was told that because I asked for a nonsmoking room it would be a little while longer....I never asked for that. When I explained that to the front desk employee (the same guy who told us the room wasn't ready in the 1st place) he said oh that's right & asked us if we had picked up the keys. What?! We don't have a room how are we supposed to have keys??Maybe he had been having a bad day or was on a bad trip or something but he was utterly confused & had no idea what was going on. My bf demanded that we speak to a different employee & that lady said our room had been ready all along. WTF! She didn't offer any apologies for the inconvenience and kind of made it seem like the situation was our fault. At that point I didn't even want to stay there anymore but once we got the room it was nice. . . Loved that the forum shops are attached and the pretty expansive casino. You won't have a problem finding a machine you like that's for sure. . . I just really didn't like the customer service, for being an upscale fancy expensive place that checkin in was totally unacceptable.
Great hotel experience but not so great customer service.. . We stayed at the palace tower which was Amazing, but here were some downsides:. -TV was broken and when called to be fixed nobody came.. -there was no hot water coming to any of the showers
This was my first time staying here. We got a room at the Octavius Tower. Initial impression was that the rooms were a bit larger than other hotel rooms that we've stayed at in Las Vegas. The rooms had a nice decor and were very comfortable. The bathrooms were huge and had a shower and jet tub bath tub. The walls however are very thin and you can hear everything your neighbors are doing. We had a kid running back and forth in the early morning hours and what seemed like all day. We had an adjoining room and we could hear our neighbors talking, their kids screaming and their toilet seat flipping up and down. On the other side of us, we could hear our neighbors TV on all night even though our TV was on too. May as well have no walls at all. . . The Octavius Tower is far from the casino. It's a good 5 to 10 minute walk. The upside is that there's no cigarette smoke around and the non smoking rooms don't wreak like casino. The worst is that it's a good 15 minute walk from your room to the self parking lot. If you left something in the car just leave it. It's at least a 30 minute round trip walk to go get it. . . We saw the Shania Twain show. Overall a good, entertaining show. The theatre is nice but the production was a little cheesy. Shania was good though. . . Food options are nice. Great BBQ at the food court and the French onion soup at the Central restaurant was good. This is a 24 hour restaurant. We attempted to have lunch at Serendipity III but had to leave. They had the heat blasting inside so we asked to sit outside but was told they aren't seating outside. It was a chilly day and they have warmers in the outside seating so I don't understand. Inside was crowded and really hot/uncomfortable. We left and ate at the food court. . . I doubt I will stay here again. It's way too pricey for what it is. For a 5 star hotel, I had high expectations. It was just okay for me. The rooms and accommodations are probably some of the best in Vegas but considering the thin walls with noisy neighbors, I'll be looking elsewhere for a good night sleep. Glad I experienced it. Now time to move on.
