We were excited to try this new downtown breakfast and lunch joint. Actually we came by last Sunday morning only to find out that they were closed because they had run out of food on the day before (opening day). After doing our due diligence, we had already decided we would try again this Saturday morning and order their beignets, truffled egg sandwich, and pancakes. We were a bit disappointed when the server told us that they only served a "special" (more like limited) brunch menu on weekends and the truffled egg sandwich was only available M-F. Really? That's such an arbitrary limitation, but we got over it. I decided to go with the free range chicken sandwich instead.. . The beignets ($8) came out first and looked great. There were 5 pieces, and they were served with a tasty homemade strawberry jam and an overly thick vanilla mascarpone. Unfortunately, these beignets are not light, flaky, and fluffy but rather dense and doughy. They are essentially little doughboys or deep fried balls of dough. Calling them "beignets" is a stretch.. . We enjoyed the pancakes ($9) which came in a stack of 4. They had a great crispy texture along the edges and were served with a single small but tasty chicken-apple sausage. However, we did note with dismay that both the pancakes and sausage had sections that were charred completely black. I don't know about you, but I like to keep my carcinogen consumption down to a minimum.. . The chicken sandwich ($12) came with a choice of homemade potato chips or potato salad. I went with the latter. For the price, we felt the portion sizes were off. The chicken sandwich was kind of small and should be at least 50% bigger while the potato salad was fairly generous. The chicken was underseasoned and sort of bland, but was ok when combined with a bite of the overly salty potato salad.. . The space has a trendy downtown loft vibe. Despite the seemingly large number of servers, service was a bit slow, especially on water refills and collecting the check. We would possibly return for the pancakes and perhaps to try the seemingly elusive truffled egg sandwich. However, from a taste and value standpoint, we would pass on the beignets and chicken sandwich.
I remember the days when I used to long for the hole in the wall breakfast joint in Vegas that i would go to in other cities like SF, LA, SD, NY, and MIami. The longing is over for sure. This is a very quaint breakfast and lunch joint that serves excellent food in a very approachable, no frills atmosphere. You can tell that the person that owns puts their heart and soul into it daily. How can you not love a place like that? The food is definitely good, just needs a little more refinement. Not bad in anyway, but the mexican eggs dish was good, but a little too saucy. It could have had a little more focus. The music could have been a little louder giving more atmosphere. Small things, little tweaks will take that place into legendary status. A definite must try.
This is a modern looking eatery serving both breakfast and lunch.  Located at the corner of Carson and 7th Streets, it faces a vacant lot which I believe is included in Zappos' Dowtown Project initiative.  The staff was very friendly though numbering more than seemed needed. . . We requested a single order which turned out to be 5 small beignets served with strawberry jam and mascarpone cheese.  Owner/chef Natalie Young stopped by our table and cheerfully accommodated my request for a photo.  I feel menu prices are too high given the restaurant's location and the small portion size though the coffee and beignets had a high quality quotient.
I stopped by this place with a few friends to grab some lunch and check out the joint. The food was delicious, but the prices seemed a bit high especially for the small quantity that is served. The menu was limited and I found myself uninterested in any of the options so I opted for something simple, more choices would have been great! . . Aside from the food, the placehad a positive atmosphere and the service was great. The only downfall to the service was towards the end when we were all ready to pay. We pulled out our cards and placed them on the table, only to have the owner walk up and say "Can you pay with one card?", abruptly leaving and then coming back with a receipt paper that had "only one payment per table" written on it and harshly walked away again without saying anything. I felt this was very unprofessional and rude especially coming from the owner. The payment rule, I feel, is such an inconvenience to the customer since everyone splits checks now a days. Putting up a sign or having the severs mention the payment rule would be great for the customers and restaurant to avoid any problems.. . Overall the experience was good, the interior design was great, the customer service was iffy, but the food was delectable.
I was hyped about going to "Eat" due to some of the reviews.  I arrived and the place was packed with the local "suits" indicating a popular place considering it is off the beaten path a bit. I was impressed that the owner was working the line putting pickles, chips and love into each meal.. . I ordered the roast beef with bleu cheese, pickled onions, wild mushrooms. The roast beef was tender but underseasoned.   I was disappointed that the mushrooms didn't seem wild at all but looked like the button mushrooms you buy at any store.  There wasn't enough bleu cheese, which for me is saying alot since I am not a huge bleu cheese fan.   The chips were homemade but could have used some seasoning.   Some of them were rubbery.  The menu is limited but everyone seemed to be enjoying their food.  Perhaps I chose a bad menu item.  Some of the sandwiches seemed large for a lunch meal and the bread looks very thick.  This sandwich and the ciabattas themselves were smaller and just the right size as I was full on the last bite. . . I will go back to try other menu items as the  menu does have some interesting combinations and all the local hype about the owner/chef has me wondering if maybe the roast beef wasn't the best order.  Still, while the food is good and the atmosphere lively and I love the owner's open participation, I cannot say this is a must for your restaurant rotations.. . The drinks are also overpriced with a soda costing $3.00 and it is uphill from there.
I had lunch with my mom and grandma today because it's less than a mile from my office! I walked into Eat with a 5 star mindset. Unfortunately, I didn't get a 5 star experience. . . Eat is decorated beautifully. It is rustic and urban and modern and east coast meets west coast all at the same time. Brick walls and simple art and a few rustic wooden tables and I'm in love. One star for ambiance/decor. . . We sat down and our waiter came by to take our drink order. He wasn't very nice and had this look on his face like "I can't wait to walk away from this table and I couldn't be less interested in what you want to drink." The drink prices are a little ridiculous. Grandma ordered tea: $4 for a cup? And $3 for a soda? Hmmm.... . Also, they DO NOT have bottled water. I don't understand this. My mom tried to order bottled water and the rude waiter just said "we don't have that." I asked if their water was at least filtered and he said "well, it's not tap water but it comes from a fountain." ::blankstare:: What does that even mean? We ordered a glass anyway and it definitely tasted like Vegas tap water. Mom ordered coffee instead and believe it or not, the coffee tasted stale. . . I ordered the DWBLT. It was DELICIOUS. I'd give 5 stars just for this sandwich if it weren't for the shitty service and awkwardly unhappy waiter. It came with lettuce, tomato, bacon, avocado and chipotle mayo on toasted sourdough (but it actually tasted more like lightly fried bread?). The flavors were amazing and the bread was soft, but crispy. Also, the bacon was out-of-this-world good. The sandwich was oozing with freshness and definitely one of the best BLTs I've ever had! It came with homemade potato chips which were pretty good too. . . My grandma had the chicken caesar salad. She seemed to enjoy it. Mom ordered the chicken sandwich and she loved it. She got potato salad with her sandwich. I took a bite and it was pretty good - not as good as the DWBLT though! . . . Before we were even finished eating and before our table was cleared, a waiter who wasn't ours walked by and placed our check on the table. I REALLY hate when this happens. I didn't ask for the check yet and it makes me feel rushed. And, how do you know I didn't want to order something else? . . I'm not usually this critical, but this restaurant has a lot of potential. It's already popular and the food is wonderful - that's the hard part! The easy part is good customer service... and Eat is severely lacking in that department. . . I'll give it another shot , though!
I have updated and upgraded my review.  I still need to try breakfast which appears to be what this restaurant is best known for.  After a disappointing experience with Roast Beef my first visit, I returned with my Dad, Stepmom and Stepsister, discriminating, if somewhat cynical diners.  Chef Natalie Young was at the door and greated us less than enthusiastically, I might even say grumpily.  Second visit I got that impression from her.  Although she said she wouldn't turn down the music, it did get turned down for a while.  I had the fried chicken, grits, collard greens and mac and cheese special, my guests had the grilled cheese and a chicken sandwich.  Our waitress was friendly with a sense of humor which certainly helped.  The fried chicken was excellent and I would have it again if they offer it.  I did not like the collard greens as they tasted dirty but the grits and mac were wonderful.  My guests enjoyed their dishes as well.  On the way out Chef Young actually gave us a smile and a thank you!. . A few things keep this restaurant from getting higher ratings.  1) Breakfast ends at 11.  This isn't a problem for me but we arrived at 10 minutes before 11 were handed a breakfast menu, and then, when the waitress showed up 15 minutes later, she said we couldn't order any breakfast items, even the berries which doesn't involve any breakfast cooking.  You think they would have at least allowed us some berries.  2) They have no desserts.  The waitress apologized and half heartedly offered us some breakfast muffins (even though it was after 11) but this place would rock if they had some deserts.. . Next time I will try the breakfast which other reviewers rave about.
Went on a saturday so we had the brunch menu. I had the arugula salad with chicken and my boyfriend had the eggs benedict. Both items were delicious. It is a very limited menu though.
I've been here twice for brunch & maybe the third time's a charm, but it's just not doing it for me. I have a pretty adventurous palate but the huevos montelunos was a cacophony of sauces and it ended up tasting like nothing in particular. The truffled egg sandwich which was good, but nothing special. . . Another thing I've noticed about this place is it seems everything is difficult to eat, making it impossible to get one bite that has all intended flavors in it; it ends up distracting from the meal. The coffee is fantastic and the quality of ingredients are great, but it just doesn't live up to the hype.
Now that I work downtown, I've had to come up with new lunch options, and those options are few and far between downtown. But I prefer to support local businesses, and I rarely want to deal with the hassles of a casino, especially at lunch, so I thought I'd give Eat a try.. . It doesn't look like much from the outside, and it's in a sketchy neighborhood, but inside it's filled to capacity with downtown hipsters. Seating was quite limited so I opted to sit at the lunch counter. Not a great choice because I spent my whole lunch impeding the flow of waitresses and listening to the expediter shout orders. I kept thinking I should lend a hand and plate some food or deep fry something.. . The food itself is good. I had the roast beef sandwich, potato salad and iced tea. The quality of the ingredients was above average, and they seem to take care with presentation and little added touches. But the price was what stopped me dead in my tracks. $16.50 plus tip for a sandwich, side and a drink. Ouch! I hadn't planned on spending $20 on lunch, and if I had, I would have gone someplace better.. .  I gave them a fair try, but unless I get a raise or someone else is buying, I won't be back. I'll leave the $4 cup of coffee for the hipsters.
Have you ever had a decent meal...not spectacular, not horrible, but decent....and then when you leave, you think, "Why did I just spend $30 on that?"  That's how Eat was for me.. . The restaurant itself is concrete floors and walls, so it was very cold in there.  I wore my jacket the entire time.  I ordered a coffee to warm up, but alas it was the bottom of the pump dispenser so it was lukewarm and watery, very weak.  I had to wait until the next pumper came out to warm it up...and the new batch was still pretty weak and watery tasting.. . But coffee isn't what sells a place, the food is.  My husband got the shrimp and grits.  It was good, the shrimp tasted very fresh, but at $12 (and 3 shrimp), it was a little steep.  I got the Huevos Motulenos which is eggs, red and green chili, and bananas (weird, I know, but I wanted to try it).  Again, it was good.  Just good.. . And when we paid our $30 tab, we both thought it wasn't worth that.. . I'd try this place again for lunch and a sandwich, but I'd pass on the brunch again.
Working in downtown Las Vegas, I was excited to try Eat. A restaraunt with quality food downtown that I don't have to walk through a casino to get through that isn't Le Thai (mad love) or Chicago Joe's (even madder love) or a bar? Yes, please!. . Today was finally the day. . . We arrived at 11:45 on a cold and windy Friday, and the place was already hopping. We were seated right away, and our drink orders were taken right away, as well. Hot tea on the table in 3 minutes? NICE! $4 for a cup of tea? WHAT? . . The place was crowded, and while we both liked the look of the space, it was so freaking noisy. We teased that it was like being at a night club, yelling at the table to one another. As we were there to also do some business - this was annoying. . . We looked over the menu and decided on our lunch. I really wanted the chicken pot pie, but was told it would be at least a 20 minute wait for that. Yeah. Not enough time for that nonsense, at all. I decided on the roast beef sandwich ($13? This better be good!) and a cup of the tomato soup instead of the potatoes. She said there would be a slight up charge. Cool. No problem. I'm thinking it would be - you know - an upcharge. Since I'm not getting the side that comes with it - just the soup. Nope. I didn't get the side, that I paid for, but I did get the cup of soup at the regular $4 price. Not happy. My lunch? $21. . . My friend ordered a diet coke and the Shrimp Po Boy with potato salad. His lunch? $19.. . The food took almost 20 minutes to come out. Um. I coulda got the pot pie.. . The roast beef sandwich was big, with a good portion of yummy, tender medium rare roast beef and super yummy pickled red onions. It really wasn't anything extraordinary though. And for $13, I kind of wanted extraordinary. The tomato soup was AMAZING, and I regretted not trying their grilled cheese sandwich that came with a cup of the stuff, which would have been more reasonably priced. . . Friend said his shrimp po boy was ok, too much vinegar, and he said the same about the potato salad. . . The service was a little bit on the slow side, but not bad. . . The bill came for the 2 of us, $40. For lunch. Downtown. . . It was just ok. $40 plus tip is too much money for just ok for lunch.
I wanted to like this place alot since I like these off beat hipster places. I was in Vegas with the wife to have a fun time and meet my mom and friend. The late night search for tomorrows breakfast lead me to yelp and yelp let me to "EAT".... I offered this up to my crew for vote and we were all in!. . . So we arrive in this seedy little area in Vegas. Trestaurantunt is located underneath a old apartment building. Aside from the rest of the building the place is really nice. Its modern with black modern sign and concrete floors and lots cool kidkid type furniture etc. it has a buzz about it like its got a local following. Justeppingnbg in the door made me feel like we were experiencing a insider place locals are enjoying. I am up for that type thing...... . I ordered the Posole, this is a great hangover meal! Just the smell was good enough to pull me in. It has all the favorites Mexicanxican Posole would have, hominy, pork, broth etc. It was good. Although it was served in a shallow bowl so I would have appreciated to have a little more.. . My wife ordered a wedge salad topped with huge shrimp. Her meal looked awesome. The shrimpCajuna cajun type seasoning that was spicy. It was good. the blue cheese dressing was excellent as well. . . My mom ordered a uneventful chicken pot wasn'tShe wasnt impressed, And I trust judgmentjudgement.. . Very difficulty to get a refill on my coffee. I had to approach the kitchen counter to get coffee.don'twice.. . . I dont think I will go here again, but if I "end up here" I know what to avoid and I know to expect to get my own coffee.
A little overpriced, overhyped, but generally good.. . I've eaten twice at Eat and tried the Killer Grill Cheese Sandwich and the chicken Chicken Banh Mi sandwich.  The KGCS is on the greasy side, which I expected, but it doesn't deliver a flavor justifying the name "Killer."  As for the Banh Mi, it was just okay.  It doesn't deliver the same type of flavors that a traditional vietnamese Banh Mi and was overall hard to eat with the overtoasted bun.  . . All in all, I'm going to take a pass on Eat in the future.  At its price point, I'll just go to another place with better food in the Downtown area.  I would recommend Kabob Korner, Le Thai, Aloha at the California, and/or Triple George, which all have better tasting food for the same or cheaper prices.
Loved the grilled cheese with tomato soup! Also there chicken pot pie, which I thought was a little on the bland side but the crust was perfectly crispy yet flaky. Wait wasn't too bad--we did there close to 12 on a Friday. We did note a long wait later as we were leaving. Place was crowded and the you can barely hear yourself talk amongst the noise level. Pricey for what you get. May come back to try there breakfast selection, but too expensive of a place to dine often.
We finally tried eat this past weekend and I'm sorry to say that I don't think the experience matched my expectations.. . We came for brunch, and the brunch menu is different from the breakfast menu online so the truffled egg sandwich I wanted to order wasn't actually on the menu. :( Instead, I had beignets, which were just ok. They were moist and doughy, not the light fluffy texture I associate with beignets. There was a box of Cafe du Monde beignet mix sitting on a shelf in the kitchen so I guess maybe they use that? But the texture was unlike the real thing and not even like the ones I've made with the same mix at home. They were served with a really tasty jam that greatly improved the flavor, though.. . I also found the coffee to be a bit weak, which is normally not something I would not even bother to mention, but I think it's important for a breakfast/brunch spot to have great coffee.. . My husband had a chicken-fried steak which I did not sample. I did try all of the accompaniments, though, and the potatoes, eggs and especially the toast were all pretty delicious. Maybe savory food is the way to go here!. . Our waitress was pleasant if a bit scattered and we did get seated right away despite it being basically peak breakfast time. I am willing to give eat another shot- I hear that a dog-friendly patio is in the works so since we live, like, ridiculously close, we will be back, pug in tow, for weekday breakfast or maybe lunch when that opens up.
got there by 11:30 to avoid the anticipated lunch crowd.  the place was half full so i expected to be seated immediately.  my companion and i were offered seats at the "community table" which we declined.  we were then told we would be put on a wait list because it is policy not to seat 2 people at 4 tops.  fair enough but there were at least 2 other 2 tops available.  when i pointed that out the hostess told me she had just sat people in that server's section and she didn't want to over fill the section.  perhaps a better solution would have been to seat us and explain the situation.  . . once we were seated we were given menus which included breakfast items.  based on this, and the fact that they are only open until 3, i expected that breakfast was available all day.  wrong.  . . i ended up ordering the chicken sandwich with house made chips.  it was excellent.  the chicken was perfectly cooked and garnished with fresh veggies, melted mozzarella and a well balanced pesto mayo.  the cibatta bread was chewy, buttery and absolutely fresh.  truly one of the better sandwiches i've ever eaten. even the pickle was excellent.  the chips were equally good.  i half expected them to be like the nasty chips most average places serve.  they're not.  obviously they slice them in house, cook them perfectly and season them with good salt and maybe a little parm. . . my only other quibble is that the server tried to take my plate before i was finished.  looking forward to getting there a little earlier next time so i can try the breakfast.. . have been a couple of times since my initial visit.  it's still good but I can see things starting to slip.  the owner better be careful or this place could fall to very mediocre fast.
I wanted to give this place 5 stars but the service prevented me.   First got placed next to bathrooms which is a pet peeve asked for a different table but was told we couldn't use the 4 top. .  Then waiter messed up my order and didn't bring all of my husband's order at the same time and food was Luke warm . Waiter seemed more interested in the large table of girls than servicing his customers.    Drink prices are extremely high for nothing fancy.  May give eat another try but as pancakes are outstanding but if service is bad than eat has lost me as a customer.
Eat is definitely a solid addition to downtown and everything "new and hip" that's happening in what use to be a crackhead filled area. I love what the chef/owner decided to do with this spot. You never would expect the beautiful attire and fresh herbs through out the restaurant considering it's below some hood apartments. The bright orange chairs, open (small) kitchen, and calligraphy on the walls make you feel like you stepped into a Cali spot. . I was bummed that during the week it's breakfast or lunch depending on when you arrive. I had my heart set on the spicy egg dish and the beignets. I will return for this indeed. Our lunch was decent. Average. Nothing bad but nothing spectacular. My favorite part was the fresh avocado on my BLTA, and the in house chips they make. My bf's tomato soup and grilled cheese was good, but didn't stand out. . Also I understand the whole "local, fresh" thing, but nix the organic lemonade. It was gross. Needed sugar. Blah. . Overall I wasn't impressed nor disappointed. The prices were hi. For a whole in the wall on Carson, $12 a sandwich and $4 a lemonade is rough. . Ill return in hopes that the breakfast is above average, and because I got love for the mom & pop joints. Not to mention I loved seeing the chef so involved. . This was the type of place I want to like, so I am looking forward to round 2.
When I heard this place has beignets, I was completely sold. I have been craving beignets for so long, you'd think there would be more places that serve them! Anyway, I came here on a Friday morning and parking was not difficult to find. It was just street parking so bring quarters for the meter. The place wasn't too busy, there were plenty of open tables, but we still waited close to 10 min. . . Food wise, we had to get the beignets to start. When they came, they were smaller than expected. They're also denser than I like, but still quite good. They reminded me of a sugar doughnut hole. The best part of them was the seasonal jam and vanilla scented mascarpone as the dipping sauces. I put so much of those on, it was like eating the dipping sauces with a side of beignet. . . For the rest of the meal, the 2 others joining me had the Two Eggs any style with the smashed potatoes, while I tried the Chilaquiles. The Two Eggs any style was nothing to write home about. It was exactly as described, two eggs any style, a slice of bacon, bread, and some potatoes. The "smashed potatoes" were just cubed potatoes with some seasoning, which was a bit lacking. We all thought it was overpriced since nothing was particularly outstanding. My Chilaquiles was pretty tasty, it was essentially scrambled eggs with tomatoes and peppers over tortilla chips, a sort of breakfast nachos. But the chicken sausage that was sitting on top was a bit too sweet for the dish, it just stood out too much. . . The staff was fairly friendly, however the one waitress that brought our check was not exactly rude, but she had some attitude when holding the check out for us. She didn't say anything, but from her body language, she looked annoyed at us for no reason. . . Overall, this place was alright. It's a decent breakfast spot but I don't think there's much here to actually crave.
After a couple of visits, I figured it was time to writ ea review. Both visits have come on weekends, where the menu is slightly different. The second visit was on a Sunday, when you don't have to dig for quarters to feed the meter.. . I've now had the beignets, pancakes, Downtown Benedict (only available on the weekends) and Huevos Motulenos. All of the food has been outstanding. In fact, if I was rating this place just on the food, it probably would have been a five-star rating. The servers were competent, but nothing special. In fact, my coffee cup sat empty for long stretches on both visits. . . My real issue comes down to the lack of an overall "WOW" that I'd expect from a Downtown Project-invested business. First, when ordering today we were informed of a new policy that forbids substitutions on the weekend. Something as simple as swapping the sausage out for bacon or asking for eggs over medium instead of eggs over easy. The server even said he didn't want to submit it because he didn't want any more demerits. Second, when we went to pay, there was a note in folio that "when they are slammed" they only accept one credit card when checks are being split. Both of these policies will be enough to stop the casual diner from returning. Substitutions are a reality in the restaurant business and splitting checks among multiple credit cards is also commonplace. . . Finally, we did not receive a "warm fuzzy" from Chef Nat. She was there on both of my visits and, even though she wasn't working in the kitchen, never stopped by our table. In fact, on my most recent visit looked downright unpleasant until my wife said "have a nice day." . . Ultimately, the key to a great restaurant is great food and great service. They definitely have the food down. The service just needs to catch up.
I had high hopes for eat. based on all the reviews I had read of their breakfast, but they were sadly dashed one by one throughout the course of my meal. The hopes were mostly kind of silly (looking for a live DJ! Wanting to drink a mimosa!), but some of them were just basics of eating out(having a server who didn't treat me like serving me was the last thing they wish they were doing, bringing maple syrup with pancakes) and those were kind of a big deal.. . I know that sometimes I like to order odd things. In the case of eat. I ordered a pancakes based "meal" and a side of grits. I asked to switch bacon for sausage. I don't know if that's considered a big deal in some areas, but I've never thought it to be a huge thing in the past. Then my husband ordered. Then the waitress said to our table, "guys orders are always so much easier than girls." Wha??? I think she was just talking smack about me to my face and to our whole table because I asked to switch sausage for bacon? That alone would have been enough to make me feel uneasy with my meal, but the rest of the meal kind of went along the same route - taking a long time for refills of coffee or water, not bringing any syrup with pancakes and not checking in on us for long enough we had to flag someone else down who did bring us the syrup so I could eat my lukewarm meal.. . Anyway, the pancakes were actually really, really good. The other food was average. But, none of it was worth feeling like I was a hassle for trying to eat breakfast there.
On the unassuming corner of 7th and Carson Street in Downtown Vegas resides an old institutional blue apartment building which was once surrounded by undesirables and derelicts.  Now it's surrounded by a weekend brunch bunch, eagerly awaiting a table into a place simply called eat.  And to that one syllable name, I offer an equal one syllable description that says it all: good.    . . After running a 10k in a 80's get-up, a friend, who also ran it but didn't bother dressing up (because she's smart like that) suggested we have breakfast at the nearby eat.  I'm always up for exploring new places since I never get out.  She and her husband were not new to eat and so they suggested that I try the Huevos Motulenos.  I read the ingredients: 2 eggs, red and green chili, black beans, peas, feta, sauteed bananas on corn tortillas.  The discriminating, reserved me would have said, eh, maybe some other time.  But since I was already sticking out like a sore thumb dressed in neon pink leggings, teased hair looking like Madonna circa 1984, I decided, yeah, let's continue this wild new adventure and let me motorboat that dish.  . . And motorboat it I did.  I probably would've licked the plate, but I didn't want to look like an animal.  My friends stuck with the traditional pancake short stack and had chicken sausage with it.  They look great, but not nearly as adventurous as the Huevos Motulenos.  . . A band started to set up while we were still eating.  They moved perfectly good seating to make room for the live entertainment.  I've nothing against live entertainment, but it limits the seating to an already small cafe.  I'm glad we got there before the rush because when we left, people were outside waiting to get in.  They may have already solved that problem with setting up some patio seating, or at least it appeared that they were going to at the time when I went.  But honestly, it's Vegas, it's hot and getting hotter and it's doubtful anyone wants patio seating.  . . To sum it up: if I had to wait, especially if there was a live band playing, I'd probably go some place else.  If there was no wait, I would gladly eat at eat again.
I was working downtown when Eat opened its doors, and it's still one of my go-to places whenever I'm looking for a place to eat. If I could give it another half-star I probably would, but there are a few things that I have to consider:. . Pros: awesome coffee in the mornings, nice atmosphere and decor, great homemade chips, delicious grilled-cheese sandwich, and a freaking amazing tofu banh mi (seriously...that was one of my favorite things there).. . Cons: the "spicy" posole was disappointingly bland to my palette (perhaps an off-day?), the breakfast dish with the tortilla chips (name of which is escaping me and apparently the website is down so I can't check) was tasty but ultimately muddled in flavor.. . Probably the most frustrating thing (and the one that still sticks in my craw) was the day I grabbed a salad to go. I got the spinach salad with aspragus and almonds, and decided to add some shrimp. I saw that the shrimp add-on was kind of spendy (~$4), and ultimately the salad cost me $18. When I got to the office I was disappointed to find a tiny salad and three tiny shrimp. That's more than $1/shrimp! . . So yeah...ultimately, I like the food, I have my favorites, but I can't round up to 4 stars just yet. When I start working downtown again that may change (and I'll definitely go back), but being away from the area has taken the shine off my initial experiences.
Very interesting and bacon-centric menu. I had the beignets and my gf the 2 egg omelet. The the homemade jam and vanilla marscapone that came with the beignets were excellent. The outer bite and inner fluffiness was just right, but the flavor a little off. The eggs were cooked really nice and creamy, the potatoes nicely caramelized and the bacon crispy. She liked a lot. But thought it was weird that everything had the same seasoning.. . We sat. At the bar so we could get a seat without wait and see them cook. I don't eat meat, so this is always fun to see how vegetarian-friendly a place is. Eat does not claim to be and they are not. The beignets were cooked with the chicken-fried chicken. That's where the off-flavor came from. Who cooks sweet and savory together? We watched as potatoes and pancakes were cooked in the bacon grease, making those not vegetarian options. It was also weird that the chicken-fried chicken was pre-cooked. They pull a Saran wrapped cooked cutlet from the fridge and drop in in the oil to twice-cook it. Maybe that's their thing, but people loved it. We also watched as almost everything sent out got a got couple shakes of some salt seasoning. I tried a taste of the eggs and the seasoning was good, just my gf didn't think it needed to be on everything.. . Overall, good for meat-eaters, bad for veg. Even if it looks veg on the menu.
A product of the downtown renaissance, eat almost has it all: deliciously creative menu, trendy decor, a patio, and a vibe. Yes, that cool downtown vibe that legitimizes its shady location under what appears to be a low-rent apartment complex. . . The food is consistently great and served in gargantuan portions. The BLT puts most sandwiches anywhere to shame-I don't know why so many other places skimp on the bacon in a BLT, but eat does not and it's damn good bacon. I always choose the potato salad over the chips when offered because honestly, it's perfect. The potatoes are cooked just right and the salad isn't drowning in mayo because it doesn't need to. All of the right flavors are there! The menu is small, a little pricey, but absolutely solid.. . My biggest ding on this place is the service. Only once have I had friendly, attentive service and that was the first time I visited, shortly after it opened. Since then, service has ranged from neglectful to seemingly annoyed. I sat at the bar once for lunch because I was by myself and didn't want to take up an entire table during rush hour. The employee behind the counter didn't seem happy to see me and practically threw a menu at me when I sat down. Um....I'm sorry for sitting here? She never checked on me and my drink sat empty for a while before *another* employee asked me if I wanted a refill. By that time I was so enraged, I declined and asked for my check which was of course brought out with much quickness and the assumption that a tip was owed. . . This place will continue to succeed and grow because it's trendy, has the right backers, and doesn't really need to rely on good, hell, decent customer service to maintain its legitimacy. Because lunch options in my area are so incredibly limited, I'll probably be back and continue to manage my expectations about the laughably poor service.
I finally was able to try "eat." and I was excited given the location and ambiance.  The menu isn't huge but it does have whatever you may be seeking for breakfast or lunch.  As for the location it's nice to have a place to walk into without venturing into a casino and with a nice open air setting and even a patio for when it's not so hot outside.  . . I had a basic breakfast of bacon, eggs, potatoes, and toast with coffee.  I just love a simple breakfast and the eggs tasted great but the bacon was too crisp and the potatoes seemed dry and this may have something to do with it being a heated up plate, sure I got a warning but I don't really see this as a great sign to begin a meal.  The hostess was nice and the greeting from the waiter was prompt but after that it seemed to fall off as I was served without given any condiments until I flagged someone and asked for them, and I never got a refill on my coffee.  . . I really did want to like this place and I would be willing to give it a try again but today just didn't seem to live up to the hype of what I've heard.
It has been a while since my last trip to Eat and I had high hopes it would meet or exceed my last experience.  I saw the new menu and was salivating over a shrimp po boy so I went.  I must say this was my most disappointing visit yet.  Where to begin. 1) The caesar salad was overly fishy tasting and my wife coouldn't even finish it.  2) The Shrimp Po Boy was extremely messy and difficult to eat without everything spilling off the ciabatta.  The shrimp were overcooked and tough. 3) The beignette's were more like grease balls.. . I still like this place but I think I am going to stick to breakfast which seems to be much more consistent and worthy of top marks.
Came here for brunch on a Sunday! It was already packed at 10 AM so that tells you something. It was a 5-10 min wait for three people. . . I ordered the Huevos Motulenos, but I got to try the beignets, chicken fried steak, the housemade chips and the benedifct. . . I personally didn't enjoy the Huevos Motulenos. I found the flavors and consistencies to be contrasting. Black beans and peas were too hard, salsa didn't complement the dish, there was hardly any egg, the tortilla was soggy, and the bananas confused the entire dish. . . The beignets were really fluffy, but they would have been better if made and served fresh. They were barely warm when they got to our table. The strawberry jam was really good, though. . . The Benedict was decent. Not bad, but nothing to write home about. . . The Chicken Fried Steak was definitely the best plate. The gravy was seasoned deliciously, I just wish there was more of it. A little too much breading but it added good crunch and flavor. . . Prices ranged from $11-14 for entrees, so I wouldn't come here on a regular basis. But when I do I'll be sure to order the CFS or Shrimp n Grits.
Seems like a nice place but there are not many vegan options. Even the Veggie Burger comes with mayo and a non vegan bun.. . I had the black bean veggie chili and a salad without cheese.  Both were delicious and the presentation was excellent.  I would rate Eat higher, if there were a few more vegan selections.
This place seemed to be recommended as a healthy spot downtown. Parking was difficult and it felt creepy walking in that neighborhood with the people in their apartments eyeing me. . The people there were very attentive and nice even though it was the lunch rush and they were pretty crowded. Took my order efficiently and brought it out in the amount of time they said would take (due to parking I was in a rush and was doing takeout). Got two sandwiches. I got the veggie burger. The burger was good with the avocado on top but oh my I couldn't find it underneath all that bread so it was quite messy as I took most of the bread off. He had the roast beef and he liked it but again not as much meat as salad components it seemed. Gave him my potato salad and he said it wasn't mayo but not sure what it was... Ranch based? He did like his potato chips. . If they put the veggie burger on thinner bread as it said wheat but didn't look like wheat, and more meat on his it would have been better. Glad I tried it and would go if a group was going to get breakfast options but not somewhere I would seek out.
Just had breakfast with my boss here and the breakfast was very tasty. I had the spicy eggs with tortilla and banana. The atmosphere is nice. Even though they only had 1 waitress waiting on people and pass by us twice forgetting our toast. She was not that attentive to us. YetI will most likely go back.
The food was pretty good, but the service was poor. We arrived about 12:45 pm on a Sunday. They had a ton of staff, but apparently they were done for the day. I had to go up to the counter for refills on our beverages.  We had ordered Beignet's, as an appetizer, and i think the waitress forgot to put the order in because it took almost 30 minutes.  Overall- disappointed.
I was excited to check this place out, and in the end, was happy with the experience overall.  I like the ambience, but I felt the customer service lacked.  The hostess who sat us, barely made eye contact and showed us where to sit by waving in the direction of an empty table.  Our waiter, Robert, seemed rushed and wasn't friendly or pleasant.    I ordered the chicken friend steak and asked for the gravy on the side, but when it arrived, my food was covered in gravy.  Before I could ask for a change, the server who brought the food already rushed off.  I relented and ate my food as it came, but was pleasantly surprised.  I normally don't like too much gravy on my food, but the gravy was delicious.  My party also ordered the beignets for the table.  The other reviews on beignets were mixed, so we wanted to try them out for ourselves.  As most reviewers noted, the beignets were dense and not flaky and light like they're suppose to be.  That being said, they still tasted pretty good.. . I intend to come back because although it was just an average visit, I see the potential of this place turning into a great local spot.  I think that the staff have to be more friendly and attentive, but otherwise, this is a place that I would still recommend.
I have been there three times. Food has been good, huevos motulenos and beignets stood out. Fried chicken steak had lots of connective tissue. . Service: that's why I give them a three stars... Pretty inconsistent. Visit one: took a long time for our food. Visit two: rather impersonal and they dropped  the wrong check on my table ( waited also a while to have it fixed and had to waive a busser to assist). Visit three: service was good. I will be back regardless as the concept and atmosphere is really appealing to me.
Last time I reviewed eat, I said it was fresh, modern, but unmemorable. It has been a while since then, so I went back.. . Once again, I am left with the same impression. It's still fresh, it's still modern and indie, and still unmemorable. The food is just nothing to speak of. It's food. And it's expensive food at that. Why is a reuben or some shrimp and grits $13 a plate? That's a high asking price for some fresh but average tasting food.. . I understand they source local ingredients and are part of the downtown movement, but I just can't justify making it downtown to go to this place. It's expensive and average, and that really takes the luster off the modern and indie vibe its experience begins with.
The food was great and absolutely worthy of 5 stars. The service was 3 stars because we were given our food then abandoned. After waiting 20 minutes for our waitress to finish stocking mugs and sweeping the floor after the lunch rush we finally asked someone else for boxes. I can't say enough about how good the food was and it is a small but solid menu. I loved my chicken sandwich and my friends chicken fried steak. Unfortunately with the metered parking we didn't have an extra 30 minutes after finishing eating to wait for boxes, the check, and not receive any tea refills.
