There are a lot of cool things about this buffet that no other place has but most of it was pretty average or subpar.  Having shawarma on a spit is an awesome idea but it wasn't that good.  Risotto is something different but it was pretty meh.  Crab stir fried in some kinda butter sauce might sound appetizing but I would rather just have a plate full of cold crab legs and crack them myself.  . . They had the most lamb I'd ever seen in a Vegas buffet including ribs, leg and mini chops (prob my favorite thing in the whole place).  I also enjoyed the different individualized portions of pasta.  Wish I had more room for dessert.   . . And what's with the bottles of water they bring to the table?  There's a reason why every other buffet gives patrons those huge tumblers of water.  So the servers can deal with other stuff...like taking finished plates off the table.  Some of our plates sat there for a pretty long time before they got picked up.  We also had to repeatedly ask for more water and coffee before they actually brought it.  . . I can think of at least 5 buffets in town I would rather go to than this one for the price though.  Might be a one and done for me.
I came here during the week of Christmas last year, which was the opening week of The Cosmopolitan. For such an upscale and luxurious casino, you would think that their restaurants have to be top-notch and at their best. Unfortunately, that was not the case when I went.. . The Good: $20 for lunch at a very nice place is not that bad. There was a variety of food, most of which were served in individual plates, which is different compared to most other buffets in Vegas that serve their food in big trays for you to scoop out of. There was a good selection of meats (definitely try the lamb if you can), a small sushi bar, some dim sum, and other kinds of food -- they all varied in excellence. There are unusual foods which I have not seen at other buffets before, one of them being pork belly fat wrapped inside a flour bun. Nonetheless, the food was presented beautifully, just like the decor around the buffet (curly-glass chandeliers and beautiful silverware). The dessert selection was amazing, and it's not like any other dessert selection you see at other buffets. There were macaroons, chocolate slates, mini chocolate-covered apples (each is unique with different toppings), gelato, unusual tarts sitting in egg shells, and chocolate covered strawberries. You can tell that they put a lot of effort into individually making each piece of dessert.. . The Bad: My number one complaint here would be the staff. Although friendly as they were, they were not prepared as they should be, both in terms of handling food AND as waiters. Our waiter approached our table saying, "My name is uh, ____. *Long pause* I am going to be your server today." It seemed pretty obvious he was trying to remember his lines, which should have been perfected before the grand opening of such a high-class casino. Not only that, but he DISAPPEARED after giving us our drinks and NEVER CAME BACK to check up on us or refill our drinks. Our glasses were empty after a while and we had to call on a random staff to refill it for us. As we were eating, we heard a big clash near the kitchen door and found that the same staff member just dropped the tray with our drinks on it. Another clash was heard later on, for another staff had dropped another tray on the floor. Our finished plates literally filled up the entire table before the staff took it away. Also, the place lacked fruits, which I think is essential at a buffet.. . Overall: I feel that this buffet has so much potential, but just lacks the proper staffing experience and some food quality/selection at the moment. If you're reading this review in the future, hopefully the staff will be more prepared and the food choices will open up just a little by then. I am a little bit curious myself to see much they will improve in a few months' time.
Interesting concept. For 27 bucks for dinner, one of the cheaper gourmet buffet options on the Strip. . . Wicked Spoon's concept is a buffet tapas thing - everything in small portions on small plates. Unfortunately, there are several problems: one, the stations aren't very clearly labeled. So you have to wander around a bit to figure out the layout and there are a couple of stations I didn't really get. (I THINK it's a make-your-own-Thai-rice-noodle-soup station at the end of the Asian portion.). . The second problem is that any time you plate several small plates on top of a larger one, they start to slide around as you walk. And it made for stacking the dirty dishes difficult for the waitstaff. Who, coincidentally, are not super amazing at their jobs. I can't IMAGINE what the dishwashing looks like behind the scenes.. . Overall, there was a wide range of food options. I enjoyed an udon noodle stirfry, some Korean riblets, and the little shrimp cocktails. Lamb chops in olives and artichoke hearts was a stand out, if they could get some more olive flavor into the meat. We also uniformly enjoyed the sausage in balsamic grilled grapes. (Okay, not exactly sure what this was, wish I'd taken better notes. Sorry Yelp.). . I see that other Yelpers have given the Asian section bad reviews but I honestly thought it was one of the better Asian sections on a buffet in town. Less focus on sushi, and more on regional foods that don't always show up on a buffet line. (Probably because middle America is just getting around to trying it.). . We didn't like the already-lumped crab. It was chewy and overdone and we all commented that we preferred the mess of shelling it because it usually tasted better. Other misses: lamb ragu with gnocchi. Saffron cod barely tasted saffrony. . . Dessert was eh, but we didn't have any of the gelato. I did like that they had a bowl of mixed berries - should have stuck to this, a bit of fresh cheese and bread off the salad line and gone with a European dessert. The cheese selection is quite nice for a buffet in this price range.. . I hate to feel so mixed. I'm sure management will dumb this place down soon, so go experience it for yourself before they do.
I'd say it was ok.  Yes, I can see how they're trying to be different from the other buffet by offering their dishes in smaller portions and yes, i'll give it to them...the presentation of their dishes are amazing (especially in the dessert section!), but...i just wasn't blown away.  =/. . The pros: The salads are amazing...the miso shrimp salad...i had to have seconds!! It was delicious!! Husband doesn't eat much salad...but came back with a plate full of different salads. The asian section of the buffet had some pretty good entrees.  And the dessert selection was pretty vast.  The chocolate covered strawberries, the fudge, cookies, and of course, there was a gelato bar that a buffet can't be without. . . The cons:  Some of the dishes had no placards so you didn't really know what it was that you were getting.  The fish dishes were overcooked. The ham hock mac n cheese...the mac was completely undercooked, it tasted like raw dough! It was disgusting! . . Bottom line: Maybe they need more time.. i would go back again to give it a second chance!
Excellent presentation, ate a little of everything,..but everything seemed to taste bland (no, I didn't go partying or anything the night before.). I guess the presentation raised my expectations.. . Everything was neatly portioned, and looked delicious, from the pork belly sandwich to the gelato. Service was good. I just wish more flavor was present in the food....
I think this buffet and I are going to have one of those love/hate relationships. . . On one hand, the food was pretty good. Definitely on par with the food at the M buffet. Plus, I didn't have to waste my time getting messy trying to get the crab out of the shell, because it was already done for me. Something, I haven' found at any other buffet.  Also, unlike the M, the wait to get in isn't 3 to 4 hours.. . They also offer a lot of desserts that other buffets don't. Chocolate covered strawberries. Chocolate covered apples [but I wish they were caramel covered]. Crepes. Peanut butter & jelly gelato. Salted peanut gelato. Cute litle mini chocolate cones filled with pudding.  . . On the other hand, the thing I hate most about this place [seems to be the  thing most people love about this place], is the fact that most dishes are served on individual plates or little pots. In most buffets, only the desserts such as cake or pie are served on individual platters. . . Why do I hate this? Simply put - I can't fit as much on my plate. When I go to buffets - my plan of action is to usually get a little bit of a lot of food to kind of feel the place out. Which is, definitely something I couldn't do here. You can only grab about 3 small plates at a time. Which means you have to get up from your table more often. I guess, this could be construed as a good thing - as it provides a little more exercise to negate some of the thousands of calories you will have consumed by the end of the meal. BUT, I like to chill at the table with whomever else I am with and enjoy my food - without having to pause the conversation to get up and get more food every five minutes. . . Lastly, I've gotten used to the free, unlimited beer/wine/cider offered at the M. So, I was disappointed by the fact that this buffet did not offer the same. But, that could just be me being spoiled. =p. . So, like I said - definitely a love/hate relationship. But, I think it's leaning more towards the hate side. . . Would I go back? Probably. Would I rather go to the M? Probably.
I had the breakfast buffet for $16.00 on a Sunday in January.  The place wasn't busy at 9am.  Nice design and looked very modern. The staff was nice and attentive, especially my waiter.  . . Standard breakfast-omeletts eggs benedict, french toast, apple sausages, fruits, cereal, dragon fruit, smoothies at the dessert table.  No seafood or any other ethnic food.    The portions are small like tapas style as mentioned in other reviews.   . . . Cons: I wish they posted  the prices at the cashier or a sign near by.  Also, I wish there were signs for all the items instead I noticed a few signs on some items.
We spoke to our friends and they had gone for brunch and thought it was good...maybe because I went during a weeknight.  Anyways, here is what I thought about this buffet.. . The pros. decor-very cool looking chandelier. service-good. food & dessert-looks very upscale and delicious. fresh berries-blueberries, raspberries, blackberries. . The Cons. food & dessert-doesn't taste like how it looks. . What's going on...why doesn't anything taste right???. The only thing that tasted good was the braised pork bun.  Everything else was a miss.  I tried the shrimp cocktail and after one bite, I spitted it out because it tasted like toothpaste..yuck.  I honestly don't feel like I am getting what I paid for...sure they have all the upscale selection, but what good is it when it doesn't taste like how it should?  Not good at all.  I tried a bit of many items, but maybe it's a weekday so the food aint so great????  Regardless, I won't be coming back during a weekday.  Definitely more money spent for the quality of food eaten.  We walked out of there disappointed with a tummy full of blah.. . Maybe I try brunch sometime in the distant future...
Why must I "rate" this place, damn it. The idea is so original, new, trendy, and seemingly THE dream buffet of a gourmand. Unfortunately, I guess the common phrase is true, "looks aren't everything.". . Wicked Spoon is located in the Cosmopolitan hotel. It's a long, weird and windy walk. You will be easily distracted by odd objects: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=q-Ckm0qluUvbReCUhCWYrw. . The buffet has different selections of dishes served in buffet style trays and some items were presented in mini pots, pans, and your own mini deep-fryer (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=g0AI7zRDTe5M-Oac7z4wbQ).  The dishes were labeled with detailed descriptions; instead of your typical "arugula salad" sign, it was "arugula and candied cashews with blackberry vinaigrette salad." It kinda gives you a clear idea of what you're eating, sans playing the guessing game.. . Although the dishes were attractive, I've had better buffets on the strip. I can think of maybe 1 or 2 memorable dishes, and the rest were just passable. Hm, I guess that's what you would generally expect at a buffet... . I was a little disappointed in the dessert section. The colors and presentation of the desserts selection made me so excited. Come on, dessert cups topped with edible silver flakes?! Unfortunately, the only thing I really enjoyed were the mini apple pops and gelato. Everything, all in all, was sort of a hit or miss. (a "miss," as in, hell to the NO). . This place has so much potential! I have mixed feelings about this buffet, so I don't know how to accurately rate it. So, why is this so hard? Well, that's what she said.
The location of the Wicked Spoon is a bit off and away from everything (depending on your whereabouts of the hotel). The meats selection was decadent although I only tried their New York strip steak. . . The rotisserie looked delicious but I didn't want to have to deal with the possibility of a dry chicken, cuz I absolutely hate that. . . Salads and pasta selection was great. One curious thing was how many lamb dishes they had. . . Overall, potions were greatly sized, even the meats were cut to a good portion. The desserts were to die for: crunch-chocolate covered strawberries in both white and milk chocolate, macaroons (not so good), egg custard with pineapple sauce, and their gelato was very flavorful and melted in your mouth the way it should ;). . I would come here again, but then again I'm not big on buffets.
I actually had better expectations for this place since it is in an awesome new casino.. . 1 star = for the individual servings; no need to scoop anything out. 2 stars = for the superb customer service of their waitress and waitresses that ensure you have everything you need.. 3 stars = for the little variety they had, the majority of everything I ate tasted good.. . It lacks the 4th and 5th star because there wasn't enough variety.  They have just about the right amount so I think the buffet is definitely worth trying.  They need to add a little flare to their menu though.  I'll come back in 6 months maybe; see if there is any changes.  Good thing is, there is not wait!  One thing they should add: a better seafood selection, like some crab legs, fresh raw oysters, and clams!
I took my husband here as a part of his pre Birthday celebration.... I thought it would be cool. I felt bad because he couldn't really find anything to eat. He has really simple tastes and he said that this was too over the top for him. They had pizza which is one of his favorites but no pepperoni pizza just Chicken Parmesan. He tried to make a sandwich but they didn't have plain mustard just spicy. He tried the salads and he wasn't happy with that either. . . I was like "Go back up there and try to find something" While I'm stuffing my face with Kalbi. Yum...Kalbi good! They also had some pretty succulent lamb. I tasted the Crab in butter sauce but I didn't like it . They do make awesome Truffled Mashed Potatoes and the Brussell Sprouts with bacon were delicious. I don't know if it's the heavy sauces and creams that they use but you get full pretty quickly. I was disappointed about that and the fact that I could have taken my husband to the Palace Station Buffet and he would have been happier! . . The dessert was okay but some of it isn't edible it's just for looks. Like the Pink Cheeto looking things were just shaped sugar with no taste. I was only happy with the Chocolate Covered Strawberries. I know they want their food to look stylish but I think it should also taste good! I don't thinks it's impossible ...The Palms used to have these very cute mini pastries that looked cool and were very tasty! . . The food may make you feel bloated and tired. If you plan on eating here I would suggest just making this your meal of the day.
I can't lie, I had overhyped this place in my mind after checking the reviews here at yelp.  The bone marrow roast and the lamb had me sold.  The Guinness pancakes were just the kicker.  It was ON!. . However, we went for Saturday brunch and neither the lamb nor the marrow were available at that hour and the guy behind the counter said that they don't do Guinness pancakes.  I was crushed.. . That said, the food there was just fine, it just wasn't what I had hoped.  The variety of foods was impressive but I have to say that the selection within each food genre seemed kinda slim.  My favorite dishes were the prime rib-y thing and the kielbasa.. . For dessert, as others have mentioned, look good, but there were no signs to suggest what each item is.  I was mighty full by the time I hit the dessert bar so, while I was quite impressed with the presentations, I statyed away fro most of ht pretty looking unknown treats.  I got a plate of berries and lemon gelato which was just light enough for my dessert.. . I have to also mention that I got the bottomless mimosas with the meal.  I had two mimosas and then moved to bloody Marys.  The bloody Marys were much better than the mimosas.. . The ambiance was much nicer than those of the Rio World Buffet or the M Resort's Studio B buffet, but I have to say that I preferred the food at both the Rio and the M over Cosmo's Wicked Spoon.. . One final note.  We had a large group, 16 people.  The manager was kind enough to allow two of us to line up while the rest of our group gathered (most of us had a late night).  After the pair reached the front of the line they gave us 15 minutes to gather our group and then they let us all right in, reserving a pair of cashiers to let us all pay individually.  After seating us, the initial response from our waitress seemed kind of annoyed and b*tchy, but after we figured everything out (drink orders and what not) the staff was extremely helpful and friendly.  I can't say I blame them for being initially annoyed at the confusion.. . It was a good experience, and the food was good.  But I would be sure to check the food list before coming in, and honestly, I think I'm more inclined to check out some of the other buffets or returning to Studio B before coming back to Wicked Spoon.
Ive been hearing a lot of hype about this place so of course I had to try it when I went to Vegas last week. I went for brunch and it was $23 bucks which is relatively cheap compared to other buffets. . . There was a group of 8 of us and we waited for about 30 minutes in line to get seated. I really like the concept of this place...how they prepare some of the dishes in little pots and pans. The food was pretty good for what it is but not spectacular and i wasn't blown away. It definitely was not the best buffet that Ive ever had in Vegas. The quality of the food was somewhat mediocre. I really liked the dessert station though...they had really pretty and cute desserts, but again nothing spectacular. . . Maybe this place is better for dinner...i don't know but I don't think I'd go here again.
I'm not a big fan of buffets because I eat like a mouse. So it's just a waste. But my friend and I had to try this place because of all the glowing reviews!. . Sunday buffet was about $23. There was no line so we were seated immediately.. . It took about 15 minutes after we sat down from our 1st place that someone asked for our drink order including water. But service got better after we got our drinks. I think more staff was starting to work. . . The food was okay. There was a lot of variety from traditional breakfast of eggs, bacon, and pancakes to more ethnic varieties of tacos, sushi, dimsum, and pasta. But nothing stood out except the ham and the pastries. The ham was moist and cooked perfectly. The pastries were flaky and tasty. . . Also disorganized. Staff couldn't tell if people were still eating or if they left. They cleared out our neighbor's table and gave it to another party only to find out the original party was still eating and now had no place to sit! The original party was polite about the situation and agreed to sit somewhere else.
Aesthetically, this place is amazing. The decor, the presentation of their food, and even the hotel in itself is beautiful. I might've over hyped this place as I usually do since I was tired, grumpy, and most likely hungover but I thought the food was decent especially for its price (23$) I love breakfast, so I was overwhelmed when I saw that they had such a nice variety of brunch spread. This place had a lot of potential to be perfect but the food was a bit cold, some stale and what really killed the whole experience for me was how awful their macarons were. I love macarons.
For the price, the buffet is alright. The assortment was mediocre, and so was the food. The buffet is smaller than other buffets in Vegas, and there is no overlapping of lunch/dinner. They're closed from 3-5 pm basically, and if you are there for lunch, you are also there for breakfast. I went around 2 pm on a Saturday and 1/4 of the food was breakfast foods. . . The nicest thing about this buffet is:. -price. -service. -presentation. . Don't come for lunch, come for dinner. I hear the dinner here is good.
Basically, the biggest difference between this buffet and every other one is the portions.  Most of the items are already in it's own tiny little plate, bowl.  This helps with portion control... at the Wicked Spoon, you get a small bowl of Caesar salad, a small bowl of spinach with goat cheese, cheese & tomatoes, a tiny plate of pasta. The only down side to this is that its hard to grab a lot at once. Because the pre-portioned plates you can hold more than one in each hand and you can only fit about three plates on one big plate. . They have all of the "normal" food stations:  Salads, Asian Food, Americana, Italian, Carving Station, & Dessert.  However, these are not your "normal" foods at the stations.  Each of the items are excellent gourmet prepared food.  Lamb ribs, gourmet flat bread pizzas, macaroni & cheese with 3 types gourmet cheeses. It's not the cheapest place to eat, but for what you get there, it's worth the $27 per person.
I didn't get the hype.  Maybe we were there on an off weekend but there wasn't some hour long wait at 11am nor was the food mind-blowing impressive for a buffet.  I kept hearing amazing things about how Wicked Spoon is up there with Bellagio.  I do admit, the Bloody Mary bar was quite impressive with all the various types of picked veggies.  They also have red velvet pancakes!  However, the food itself failed to be up to par with the better gourmet buffets of Vegas.  I wish we went to the Wynn or Bellagio instead.  Orange juice tasted concentrated mehhh.  . . The best thing I ate though - the prime rib.  A perfect medium rare and very flavorful.  All the little clad iron pots they serve everything in are adorable and a cute concept but cute doesn't mean tasty.  I did want to grab every pot I saw but when I tasted the food, it just wasn't that impressive.  I think I'll just stick w/ the Wynn or Bellagio next time.
for $26 for lunch/brunch this is really worth it.. . I'd have to say though, i'd come here more for the experience then the food.  Their presentation of the food is a lot better than it tastes.. . But, compared to all the vegas buffets, this is good enough for me to come back for $26.. . stuff i liked, omlette station, lets you make your own ( & you can choose to have egg whites only for a healthier choice).  Mac n' cheese is good & cheesy, and oh try the pork belly white bun sandwich, probably the best & very asian authentic tasting, miso shirmp salad is light & delicious too!. . the DESSERTS are the best part of this buffet, all miniature sized and tasty.  get the silver egg panna cotta, chocolate dipped apples & strawberries & the Gelato is the best ! super smooth & creamy.
This a a pretty good buffet and very unique with the whole small plate servings. I would have given more stars but the desserts really do need to be changed. They look amazing but do not taste amazing.
Very aesthetically pleasing presentations of food.  Loved the cute lil pots and chicken wing mini fryer baskets.  Everything is portioned already into individual dishes and bowls.  It really helps to control how much you can actually fit on your plate in one round of food hoarding.  Dessert is hard to get wrong...anything covered in chocolate or topped with fruit looks expensive.  Water is served in fancy glass bottles.  And then...that's it.. . Food wasn't omgwowgimmemoremoremore.  For the price of $28.11 for one Sunday brunch, I'd say it was a decent eating.  I did like the braised short rib with wild mushrooms on cavatelli.  I could eat a handful of those pots and call it a day.  Fresh chocolate covered strawberries were ginormous.  There were gelato flavors a plenty, and all yummy too.. . The mac-n-cheese is overhyped.  Those pots were always the first to go!  I was watching the station like a hawk for fresh pots.  Too bad when I finally snagged one, I was left with disappointment.  It was lukewarm (like a lot of the other food served).  Cooled mac-n-cheese = one thick mess.  Maybe it never stood a chance to my highly set expectations.  Thanks a lot, Yelp.  Nevertheless, one forkful was plenty.. . The prime rib was so bloody.  I like my cuts medium well, maybe medium.  That slice was borderline raw.  Not my fancy & I'm not alone.  Two others at my table had the same problemo.. . Tacos al pastor were WAY too salty.  Even a fully squeezed slice of lime couldn't help it.. . Pretty extensive selection of brunch foods.  You can jump from red velvet pancakes to clams to pad thai to pizza and back to the omelette station.  There was no wait whatsoever to get a table.  Definitely a plus; however, service at the tables was so slow.  At one point, I had to clear my own area of old plates because I had no more room for new plates.  Not cool.  . . There's definitely pros & cons to this place.  Still waiting to try the rest of Sin City's buffet offerings...
My curiosity was what is "tapas" style buffet and how it works. Finally I got lunch today at Wicked Spoon Buffet. . Some of food served like other buffet such as prime ribs, rolls, and breads. Some of  food served with tiny cute pot(?). It seems like I can handle that much but when I sat down with all different kinds of  food .  I knew I am wrong. I felt so bad bacause of  too much leftover. .  Maybe I can share with friends or family for one tiny cute pot of food but not sure it will works or not. . I like the idea serve different kind of cheese but  still I have to pick set up ceaser salad or miso salad so I can't  create my own salad with different cheese. . Even though lots of leftover, I can't avoid tempting about pretty dessert.. I like gelato and I really enjoyed fresh blackberries, rasberries, and blueberries. It was Yum. . Once again I felt like this... Buffet is Buffet. Don't expect too much.
I haven't been to a buffet in at least 10 years.  It isn't my favorite way to dine, but this is Vegas, so I thought I should give it another try and I had been hearing a lot of good about this one in particular.. . We went for brunch on Sunday, I think it was around $23 a person without alcohol.  I like the design of the buffet.  Everything was spaced enough that there was easy access to any section without a line, even though the place looked fairly full.  . . The service was pretty awful.  I was done with my first plate before our server even brought our coffee.  When we ordered, we told him we took cream and sugar, yet there were only three packets of sugar in the caddy he brought.  I asked for more before he even stepped away, yet he went on to do other things before getting us more sugar.  His station was only one table away from ours, so I was tempted to just get it myself.. . There was a nice variety of food available, but I couldn't help but think buffets are really for people that just care about quantity.  There wasn't one dish that stood out as being very good.  I especially love breakfast pastries and that should be one thing that would be easy to do well on a buffet.  However, the croissants looked so awful I didn't even take one.  The pain aux raisins and muffins were mediocre while the desserts were downright awful.  . . I did enjoy some french toast and their house-smoked sausage was good.  But the short rib pasta was over salted and their sushi was a little soggy.. . Overall I could have taken that $23 over to Bouchon's for a fabulous, fresh breakfast and far better service.
I've never been a huge buffet person but I'll admit, this was actually pretty decent!  My stay at the Cosmopolitan included a $50 breakfast credit to be used at my choice of The Henry, Coffee Beanery place, or Wicket Spoon.  I woke up hung over so I wandered down to the buffet.. . Now, I don't have a whole lot of buffet experience to compare it to.  I've only been to the Plaza's buffet for breakfast years and years ago before I moved here and knew better, Makino Sushi/Seafood at the Premium Outlets, and the MGM Grand Buffet for lunch (it was comp otherwise to this day I most likely would still have never been to it).  I left Wicket Spoon stuffed, because I felt the need to try a bit of everything.  . . The following is what I remember having:. - Seared whitefish eggs benedict.   *** This was AMAZING - MUST TRY!!!. - Margharita flatbread. - Red velvet pancake.   *** Very disappointing.. - Pecan sticky bun.   ***  I don't usually eat crap like this, but this was bomb.. - Home fries. - Hash browns.   *** Topped w/cheddar cheese and carmelized onions, which is a plus, but the taters themselves could've been crispier. . - Some type of crepe. - Some type of french toast on sterioids: it was super super thick, had cinnamon, pecans and a think syrup which reminded me almost of caramel sauce..   *** Pretty yummy, and unhealthy!. . Side note: they do not have peanut butter!  This is a big no-no for breakfast lovers such as myself, as I eat it every morning!. . I believe I tried a few other things but can't remember exactly what.  But...seared whitefish eggs benny...oh, how I adore you.  . . I don't eat land-roving meat (only fish/seafood) so I didn't try any of the sausage, bacon or meat related items.  Some of the other things I noticed but did not try were made to order omlettes, smoked salmon, various cereals & yogurts, waffles, one or two more selections of flatbreads, fresh fruit, etc.  So, overall there was a good selection to choose from, however I was expecting it to be a bit bigger in size (but maybe that's my buffet inexperience showing).  . . A lot of items, as you will read from other Yelp reviews, are portioned out into individual serving dishes.  This is a neat, unique concept.  The only downfall I found was it made it a tad difficult to gather multiple items in one trip.  Maybe that's what they're going for, so people ultimately eat less...I don't know.  What I do know is I must've looked like a pig with all the individual dishes on my table!!!. . Service was great.  Upon entering and exiting the buffet, the hostesses were very warm, welcoming, and greeted with a smile.  The server was attentive and also very friendly.  Like I said, I'm not big on buffets but if I were to go back to one for lunch or dinner, it would most likely be Wicket Spoon.  If you're a buffet person, you should definitely put this one on your list.  Happy eating!
What happened to this place? the prices go up and their selection drops big time.. . Last time I came in January, they had Lobster, I come back 2 months later and I ask the waiter and they're like "we never had that". . I like their concept but I was underwhelmed by their selection. Perhaps they are losing money with the buffet or something?
The Wicked Spoon Buffet at the Cosmopolitan is something a little different here in Las Vegas.  Mind you, I said, "a little".  . . While the selection here is pretty amazing, there are still issues with items not being properly labeled (aside from sometimes not having a label at all) and the slow service at the front cashier.. . As far as being different, the items in the buffet aren't all that different but the way that they're served are.  Just about everything is served in little dishes "tapas style".  This is terrific if you want to have just a little of something but can be a real pain if what you wanted was 12 pieces of shrimp cocktail (as there are only 2 shrimp in each dish).. . They serve King Crab...but as king crab tails.  Very interesting.  After looking into it, I found out that the tails were not usually served in restaurants until recently. Personally, I didn't even know that a king crab had a tail.. . As with many other buffets here in town, there are salads, breads, different pasta dishes and meats as well as pizzas and asian selections.. . I think the Wicked Spoon is definitely a place to try while visiting Las Vegas but as a local, I have other buffets I'll go to before this one.  The quality of the food here is good and the buffet seems to be priced correctly for its offerings.. . All said, it's OK.  This is Vegas.
Fantastic fresh berries. A step away from the normal buffet - esp the normal casino buffet and service was spot on each time I was there.
Im not a buffet person, but my friend recommended me to try it out. Love the presentation, very trendy. The food was alright.
So when two Filipinos end up near the strip deciding on lunch, it almost feels natural we'd end up at a buffet to nosh, sit and kill time. . . I think I will get to the strongpoints first:. . MEAT, especially pork dishes. Seriously, the steamship pork they were carving, miso glazed pork loin, char siu, pork belly steam bunswere all tasty and perfectly cooked. Pork is usually a buffet fail, but these are juicy and perfectly cooked. The steamship with a bit of the onion marmalade and chimichurri was worth a 2nd carving. The other meats like the turkey, kalbi ribs and linguica was good too. If I just want to sit and gorge on meat, I would consider going here for $22 than go to a Brazilian rodizio for $40. . . Salad- I know, it's just an effing salad but buratta cheese with crushed pistachio served with frisee in red wine raspberry vinaigrette is a winner.. . Gelato- plenty flavors and well made. . Decent- cured pepper salmon, cheeses, farro tabuleh, goat cheese roasted tomato salad, creamy polenta with mushrooms, pizza, clams in a stew (but they really should have just left them plain in butter since the clams were fresh but the sauce isn't good), already peeled shrimp cocktail. . . Now onto the fails- . . The concept of little serving plates seem cute and different, but it simply doesn't work especially on the items they are doing. Covered or not, these are items that shouldn't sit so they really need to consider thats in them. They also seriously need to give you like a cafeteria tray. Two of them fill a plate. Risotto- seriously? Rice seizes into itself and gets mushy. Gnochi turns into a gummy mess like a mochi. Cappelli pasta looked mushy so I didn't even try. Mac n cheese got hard on the top. Seafood like poached cod was gross. . . Desserts were very pretty but some were spit out worthy. Gelato was the best thing there with plenty of flavors and good consistency. This little mousse chocolate cup was decent, the strawberries dipped in chocolate were sweet. I saw macarons with fruit and I was expecting them to not be great, but they were inedible. It tasted like the purple food coloring and rusted chlorinated water. Some desserts didn't even make fucking sense like a very tart mango puree with chocolate mouse and pearls and fruit jelly on top. This was where the majority of food wastage was since a lot of it wasn't any good. I rather have a big bowl of ugly looking bread pudding from Sams Town buffet than aesthetically pleasing but palette scaring desserts. . . Service was alright. Plates didn't sit so long, but we didn't get many plates for the time we sat around. I like that they do give you water for the table since sometimes you just need something to drink and don't have anything. They weren't bad on the refills of my tea though. . . It's not a buffet I would recommend for that pricepoint, but I suppose it wasn't terrible. I'm a pork meat person so the large amount of pork cooked right was a definite win. Maybe if I had tourist friends going there anyways, I wouldn't mind going, but I do not think it's a place I'd seek out.
Came here for Sunday brunch and all I have to say is... meh. It was okay, nothing astounding or worthy of writing home about. They did have a decent selection of breakfast/brunch food, mediocre sushi bar/asian section, salad and small bites, and pretty good dessert spread (but honestly... it's DESSERT). I've gone to the Wynn and Bellagio buffets, both which outshine this one.. . They had unique pancakes, such as the red velvet and guinness pancakes, but otherwise lacked anything too noteworthy. I will say though that I enjoyed their small pans/platters of dishes, such as the guyere stuffed gnocchi and other tasty pastas. i woud have liked to see a bigger sushi spread though. . . Overall, it was good and definitely made me walk out full and satisfied, but compared to the other buffet options in Vegas, this wouldn't be my first pick.
I loved how when we got there, not that many people were in line for brunch. Waited approximately enough to not be hungover when we got to the cash register. $28 for Sun brunch. Yee =). . Presentation wise, everything was super cute. Whether they come in little ramekins, mini saucepans, Chinese take out boxes, or even a frying basket, all the food looked appetizing. I liked the portions of all of these fixtures because it was so convenient to just crab a bowl of whatever and move on. There were still the standard buffet style of tong and grabbing as much of something that you want. I just hated that all of the dishware took up so much room on my plate so I basically was allowed only 4 options at a time. -_-. . Food cuisine was eclectic and many choices were given. Nice. As for taste, this is where the 3 stars come in. It's just ok. Not spectacular omg droolz, just ok. Nothing too memorable that stands out to me. I probably won't eat here again but I'm glad I got to try this place out.
I don't remember the last time I had to wait in line for a buffet. Haha... anyway, I'm not a vegetarian but I noticed that this place didn't really have a whole lot vegetarian dishes. *sad face*. . Nevertheless, there was meat. LOTS OF MEAT. If you're a meateater, you will. love. this. place. The dessert bar was beyond wonderful. They have gelato, French-like desserts, and just really fancy little treats. Iloved gelato the best.. I had the pistacchio and the mint chocolate flavor. Both were amazingly good!. . My friends and I got the mimosa brunch which overall cost each person about $35? I thought it was an OK price. I mean, there was a lot of food, but none really striked me. The mimosa wasn't that worth it because it made us full really fast. Took up a lot space in the stomach that I didn't really have room for anything else. And it's a buffet, we're all supposed to overeat. Not the healthiest thing to do, but, well, it's Vegas. It's called the sin city for a reason.
decided to try out a new buffet. . . we went for dinner on a friday night and the price was decent. no more than $30 i believe.. . i headed straight to order my custom mac n cheese. it was pretty good, but my pasta was swimming in the cheese sauce. . . the braised short rib was awesome! but there were too many foods with braised short rib in it. every other food i saw included braised short rib. i don't remember which food items had braised short rib in it but it was something like "gnocchi with braised short rib" and "braise short rib pizza" and "braised short rib soup" and "braised short rib this" and "braised short rib that.". . a lot of the foods are portioned out already. they serve it in a measuring cup looking thing. the plate provided is more like a tray to carry your food, which got pretty heavy. . . i didn't eat too many plates here. there was a limited selection and nothing really grabbed my attention. . . dessert selection was limited too. i loved the gelato and sorbetto and the chocolate covered strawberries. none of the desserts were marked. they looked pretty but i dunno what the hell they were. . . so much potential but it definitely fell short. it's just too bad.
Very good Sunday Brunch buffet, great idea portioning out the sides but still don't need 4oz of each, maybe only 2oz. Faves:. General Tsao Chicken. Polenta with mushrooms. DESSERTS omg the chocolate everything.... GREAT French toast.. . Hey Spoon, want to make a few more bucks? Try putting a coffee kiosk or drink stand within a quarter-mile of your front door. The buffet is set too far back from any type of service. We waited over an hour and a half and I nearly died of dehydration. Add a server in the lines and you'll earn that 4th star.
I AM HUGE!  . . This would be another great opening for a "that's what she said" zinger. But, at this buffet there is no denying that my stature was indeed grandiose.  Everything's served in miniature crockery, pans, fryers, cones, and cups.  I truly felt like the jolly yellow giant in jack's miniature string bean kitchen. . . This however is where the rubber meets the road and smaller in this case is not necessarily a good thing.  Because the portions are served in smaller individual servings, they tend to dry out pretty fast if you fail to get things as soon as they're put out.  While there were numerous items to choose from, over half of them were just too dried out or hard, which included:. - The pork belly sliders.. - The mac 'n cheese was too dried out and not cheesy enough.. - The al pastor tacos were quite disappointing and also very dried out (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=bTym4e_dO56vo_I-X0jVSw).. - The Prime Rib was a bit rubbery.. - The Korean short ribs were chewy and in par with the quality of a young dong tofu house.. - The salads a bit wilted and torn.. . The miniature dishes that were really good:. - The miniature fryers of sweet tater fires (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=jeUB9sk3TPj5gLBViw6WFw).. - The creamed corn and red wine braised mushrooms were surprisingly tasty.. - The Pot Roast served in a miniature Dutch oven (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=gQSN3CUgWdMXuDi814bwRA).. . I think the highlight were the desserts. And they were numerous (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=gYly1GSdQl1ivFLbLUS2FQ).. - Metallic-colored egg shells that were filled with egg creme and topped with miniature macarons (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=F4Tl5-voNvQV2OnOP_m1Vg).  . - Gelato, gelato, gelato - so many flavors to choose from and taste.. - Hundreds of cups of filled purees, creams, and genache of vibrant colors and tastes.  Some good, and some bad (almost like what were you thinking kinda bad).. - Chocolate covered strawberries were great.. . I think we caught the dessert guy in his off day; very grumpy and stern.  However the help switches out often and you'll probably never see this guy anyways. . . So it was great to finally experience this miniature world and truly feel like a giant.  The prices are actually quite reasonable; $21 for Lunch and $29 for Dinner.  Food wise, this was a solid 2.5, but given the price, it's a 3.  But this is Vegas and Buffets are numerous.  So on to the next one!
Ah Wicked Spoon how I've heard so much about you and how you are now the new King of Buffets. Well...I don't know if you deserve to have that title as of yet. First off the decor, I'm a big fan. The orange-ish (I know not a word)/yellow hues and the brown give it a modern restaurant feel, it doesn't feel like you're inside of a cheesy buffet. The tables are set up in ways similar to some restaurants in town and they actually give you water in a bottle (whether its really tap or not) instead of just slamming a glass of water on the table and having to refill it with the old school yellowish clear water pitcher that's been used 7,498 times and probably not washed, very refreshing. Not to mention the service was pretty good. Everyone that worked there was quick and attentive so I like that as well.. . Second, this may not mean anything to anyone but they have a bathroom inside the buffet. I find that to be huge. It's not vital but listen the last thing I wanna do after I've been cracking crab or eating something else with my hands is dig in my pocket for my receipt, walk out of the buffet in the casino to the nearest bathroom, and then come back just to stand near the exit and convince the people there that I was already in there and just had to use the bathroom. Is it really that big of a deal? No, but as with other things if it requires less effort on my part, then I'm all for it.. . Finally is the food which I'll have to split into two parts: the quality and the setup. The food quality kind of disappoints. The food selection is alright, the side dishes were okay, and all the meats I tried at the carving station were chewy and tough.  The fruit and  vegetable section was impressive but the overall quality of food was less than stellar. It was not as good as the buffet dinners at the M or the Bellagio. Maybe it was an off night because I keep hearing nothing but good things about the dinner and the brunch but I just felt very dissatisfied by the food quality. . .  The setup is different, I like it but I don't. I would say that a good part of the buffet has dishes that come in tapas style or small single servings in these little mini pot like things. So lets say you want soup, it already comes in a mini pot with a handle. You want shrimp cocktail there's two small ones in a bowl with cocktail sauce at the bottom and a small lemon. This is a good idea in theory and saves the company money. It's a good idea if you just like to graze and taste and you're not exactly sure what you want, it gives you a little taste of everything. It also saves the company money from people like my friend greedy Nick who piles on 17 shrimp and a glob of cocktail sauce knowing damn well all he's going to eat is four shrimp. . . However, for people like me I usually know what I like and sometimes I like to go to just one item and eat all of that. Well that's kind of difficult to do with these small little bowls and pots. You could try to load them all on your plate but you'll maybe get about 5 small bowls without having to do a juggling act. You might think, well that's not too bad, but it just gets annoying. What if I feel like just eating shrimp or crab claws in those little pots. It's like finding a certain chip you like and only being allowed to put five on your plate and having to get up and walk back to the kitchen and go to the bag for five more chips. I know my inner fat kid is coming out. So you may be wondering is it really that big of a deal? Not really, but I get my exercise else where and then after I'm lazy ...just let me get a bigger serving so I can save the exercise for later.
Eclectic choices of food. From braised brisket to make your own mac and cheese. Some of the items are the best you can find in a buffet, but most of just average or below average slop. Don't get me wrong, it's a good place to eat but if you want a great buffet this is not the place. Service was excellent as usual. The truffled potatoes were great.. the chocolate covered strawberries were great too.
Oh Wicked Spoon, you ain't that wicked after-all. I thought you might become my favorite Vegas buffet but I might just called you the average spoon.. . The food was made in these small individual containers. This was the unique factor that separated Wicked Spoon from the other Vegas buffets. The quality of the food was average, not as fitting to the decor. The meat from the carving station was not tender enough. Some of the pasta was chewy and the fried chicken was not cooked properly. The food tend to dry out fast because it was in the individualized portions. The one stand out was their huge chocolate covered strawberries. I didn't care for the rest of their desserts because it was way too sweet but the gelato bar was alright. Too bad they didn't have creme brulee. . . I might come back here again next year to try out their dinner buffet. The best feature was the upscale, chic and trendy decor. I would recommend the Bellagio, Wynn, and Paris buffets over the Wicked Spoon.
Wicked Spoon was not wicked at all. Living in Vegas, you come to realize its a city of excessiveness, but there's nothing wrong with that at all living in the City of Sin! Buffets are great for a large group with different tastes.  I was really pumped up to try this place and we finally did on Mother's Day. Dinner was 40 dollars a person, but mother's received free mimosas, champagne and bloody mary's.  I thought it was a bit pricey, but they like to bump up prices for any of the holidays. . . Food wise a lot of the items that I got were cold before I even went back to my seat. My favorites for the night was the shrimp cocktail and the truffle mashed potatoes. WAIT....the chocolate covered strawberries were pretty dang delicious too. Other than that, everything was just mediocre. . . Overall, service was your typical buffet service. Food was alright, not that many selections if you think about it....they just make it look prettier with the lil pots and plates. At 40 dollars a head for Mother's Day, I didn't think it was worth it, but that is just MY opinion. Overall, the Cosmo is an awesome place to just walk around and we will be back.
For $35 per person, I thought it could be better.  There is a good selection of food, although they are weak in the sushi dept. I think most good buffets in Vegas should have good rolls, but this one only had 2 or 3 very bland rolls. The different fish dishes were good....I liked the grilled cod. The thing about this buffet is that many of their dishes are in little dishes or pans that are too large to put on your plate, so you have to keep going back and forth to your table to put the mini pans/dishes down and go get more food.  They have a very good dessert section, but comparable to other LV buffets like the Rio's.  Oh, and one more weird thing is that it's not easy to find...you need to go to the 2nd level and walk quite a bit around the floor to finally get there. And don't forget to pay before you line up to get seated (many people got in line to get seated, only to realize you have to pay first and show the receipt in order to get seated). That was a bit confusing and none of the employees seemed to guide the guests on that procedure even though about 5 parties in front of us made that mistake (including us!).
Friends and I decided to give this new buffet a try after hearing all the great reviews.  I had gotten no more than 5 hours of sleep over the course of 48 hours (combination of work, partying, gambling, and attending a conference).  After Monday's seminar headed back to my room at the Palazzo and decided to find some food.  I wanted to dine at L'Atelier but my buddy isn't a huge fan of French and wanted to dine at a casual restaurant.  We couldn't come to a conclusion as to where to go so I threw out Wicked Spoon.  . . Valet'ed the car and proceeded to look for the buffet.  There are some signs that point you in the general direction but of course we got lost.  Ended up asking the security guard where the place was and we were told to back track and head up the escalator (they need to have more signs for new visitors).  Was surprised to find the place fairly empty (perhaps it was due to the fact that it was a Monday and we were eating at around 6:30).  . . I was told by various cab drivers that the food quality is just so so but they really do spend time on the presentation of all their dishes.. . Tried various dishes and found some that I liked and others that were just average.  My complaints for the night were with a few of the desserts and also with their roast beef/prime rib.  The beef served was tougher than what I'd find at Norm's and had virtually no taste at all.  I did fall in love with their bean sprout dish (seasoned with seasame oil, vinegar, and soy sauce..i think).  Their gelato/ice creams were average but they had these huge chocolate covered strawberries.  . . Servie was ok and noticed our waiter only taking away 2-3 plates at a time...homie needs a bigger tray or hire more people to help clear the tables.  There were several times where we had stacks of plates just sitting in front of us while the server just casually walked around carrying drinks or just 1-2 dishes on his tray.  As others have stated, this buffet is very affordable at $35/ person.  Will go back again if I'm ever in the mood for a buffet.
came about 1015am, short line, had both breakfast and lunch so a complete brunch for the price of breakfast. sweet! . . the omelet line is always long but since we were catching the end of breakfast, the lines became shorter. i'm not an avid buffet eater so idk what's out there now. but when in rome... anyway, i was excited to see salmon as a choice for my omelet. yay and yum! the breakfast selections were vast and they have 4 sections for their food. the lunch session wasn't as memorable. we ate with two other avid buffet eaters and they were impressed with wicked spoon and how good they were. . . their dessert selection was pretty awesome. the selections were wide but the quality was mediocre. . . the wait staff, i asked for a glass of apple juice after i saw them getting the boy's order. nobody came. i had to ask 3x to get a glass of juice. the buffet room was not busy. at all. what happened?. . we stayed for 2 hours. we made it worth it. it was a-ok
This place definitely has enough selection.  However, the fish dishes were a bit disappointing.  The dessert looks very cool but tastes horrible... Service was slow... it's a struggle to get your coke refilled.... I would give it a try if you have never been, but I do not think I'll be going back.
I dig the Cosmo - the restaurants, the lounges , the overall vibe of the place.  The gf decided she wanted to hit the Cosmo buffet today so of course, I'm game.. . It was a dange long walk from the parking structure to da spoon - no where near the other food places - why ?. . Place was hopping even late in the day.  GF opted for the extra champagne/ mimosa option ( + $8 ) - found out later it wasn't champagne but instead sparkling wine ( proseca ) - might be  little nit picky but if it's not champagne, so don't call it champagne.. . As to the food - i liked the concept but in the whole scheme of "high end" Strip buffets - the options were limited. . . Highs - french toast w/ berries; the ribs, braised short ribs, cheeses.. . lows - breads ( limited options and stale ) ; no crab legs  ( WTF ! ) ; desserts ( too much chocolate ) ; eggs benedict.
I've been sitting on this reviewfor a couple weeks, and it was because I was uninspired to write.  The experience was just that.  I was not exactly jumping for joy for this buffet.  The presentation was unique and fun, but after closer inspection, a lot of it looked stagnant and sitting there too long.  If I did end up trying it, it was just average in flavor.. . Eaten:. - Stir fried veggies and beef - meh.... - Steam Bao and Pork  - interesting.  it was like a banh mi flavored bao.. - Deep Fried Breaded Chicken Wings - crunchy. tasty.. - Spicy Sausage - this was juicy and spicy.  . - Fresh Carved Bacon - juicy and fatty.. - Pork Belly Fried Rice - pork belly in general makes me jump for joy.  this was joyless.. - Truffle Infused Potatoes - truffle is another jump for joy item, but could barely taste any essence of truffle.. - Berry Cheesecake Gelato - no cheesecake flavor.  it was like vanilla icecream with berry swirled in.. - Chocolate Mousse Mini Waffle Cone with White Chocolate Sphere - meh..... . Considered but chosen not to eat due to poor looking texture:. Soggy looking Sticky Buns, Red Velvet Pancakes, French Toast.  Coagulated Eggs Benedict as well as other sauce looking items.. . Should have tried but had no more room:. Made to order omelets. . CONCLUSION:. Inspirational presentation without the matching inspirational average flavors and textures. Though I would have thought that prime time brunch at 10:30 am would have presented with the best and the freshest food around, it was definitely not the case for a lot of items here.  I shied away from several items because they looked like they have been sitting there for a while (i.e. sauce coagulating).  It was good for a first experience at a new buffet, but it may be my last as well.
I'll keep it short and sweet! . . The presentation of their food is beautiful. But Wynn still wynns ( ;) ) when it comes to quality.
3.5 stars is a bit more accurate.. . The buffet is like everything else in the Cosmopolitan, glitz and glamor. It was very pretty to look at, heck even the food was pretty to look at. . . We came here for lunch since our room wasn't ready. We had dining credit but since we were on the wait list for a room, they didn't let us use it towards our meal (after being told by the front desk it wouldn't be a problem). FINE. WHATEVER. Just give me my food and I'll be all smiles.. . It didn't take too long to get seated on a Saturday afternoon around 12. I looked at the selection and chose whatever sounded good. Mac and cheese, korean short ribs, pork belly fried rice, caesar salad, watermelon salad, pasta, fried chicken. Yes..I picked all of that up before I finally started feasting on my collection. Don't judge. That being said, I had to make 2 trips. Yes, the individual pots and pans and dishes are all cute and nice and amazing at regulating portions, but it's like playing tetris on your plate. Sometimes I just wanted to sample things (like the fried chicken) and get one wing, but due to their wire basket homes, I had to pick up 2 of them and was unsuccessful in pawning off the extra one to someone else at  the table. This made for quite a wasteful meal if I wasn't fond of something. The food was....OK. That's it. It wasn't an explosion of flavor or anything. Just...OK. What a disappointment! Oh well, the silver lining is that that means more room for dessert! Sweet. (see what I did there? Again, don't judge.). . Dessert was yummy. I asked for two servings of gelato, (one more time, no judging...other people asked for 2 servings too!) strawberry and oreo. Both were delicious! You can get mini cones for them too but that would only slow your gelato eating in my opinion. I picked up a pecan tart that was fantastic. I love pecan tarts and this did not disappoint.  I also had some sort of upside down cheesecake shot...dessert..thing...that was good. I only wish I knew what it was exactly instead of crossing my fingers and digging in. That was the case for everything at the dessert bar. Nothing was labeled. Instead I just stood there and stared at it trying to decide if I was daring enough to find out what it was. . . Overall, it was a decent buffet. I think it fell short of the hype it gets in most of the reviews...but the dessert bar was its saving grace.  Worth a stop if you're staying at the hotel, but I wouldn't go out of my way for this place.
I prefer Bellagio's buffet over this and Wynn's buffet but we thought we would try something new.  The price was the same as other buffets at around $40 but I found the selection and taste of the food to be better at Bellagio and Wynn.. . This buffet is hard to find.  You have to do a whole lot of walking to get to this buffet.  Cosmopolitan's hotel layout is a little confusing, or maybe it was the 6 Pina Coladas I had earlier.  It's upstairs down a long hallway.... . Their dessert was weak compared to Wynn's.  Where is the Creme Brule?
C'mon on Toto, let's go home on that yellow brick road. Before checking out of Sin City, we headed to Wicked Spoon for Sunday brunch. Luckily we got there before the rush because the wait went from 30 minutes to about 1.5 hours in a flash. Party of 8, gratuity included so it came out to about $37/person.. . As we got seated and I took my first lap around the bend, I thought to myself that I was at some fancy, newskool, contemporary buffet. I mean, you got fried chicken in metal frying baskets and food items served in bite sized pots which looked like they were purchased straight from Pottery Barn. Also being Asian, I'm not offended with the Chinese togo boxes filled with food.. . Unfortunately with all the glits and glamour, Wicked Spoon didn't quite take me home. There were a few items that needed work like their rubbery prime rib. That was a complete bust. But check out the corn, I think I pwned a few which led me to dominate the poor throne after.. . To complete a buffet is to have the best desserts available. They're gelato selection was pretty up to par where as the pastries were overhyped like Serendipity's.. . I like the feel and the vibe to this place. Their chic furnishing and presentations makes you feel like you're in an unconventional gorge fest we like to call a buffet. Also, I appreciate the small portions they serve here because it gives you a chance to leave room for other items. Half your plate will be filled up with their fancy dinnerware. I would give it a second try but I'm not going to lie to you and say that Wicked Spoon is currently the strip's buffet champ.
In the mood of something different? In the mood of something good? Go ahead and step in to Wicked Spoon! A bit different from your Vegas style buffet. Most foods are already served in portions. Which is a plus for me, it helps me not to over indulge on sides. Allows me to over indulge on the mac and cheese bar. Pick your ingredients, pasta and sauce and Mr. Cook will cook away. You must try the oreo chocolate cover strawberry. Yummy! Decently priced at $30, pretty good fot being at the cosmopolitan.
after reading the reviews on here, i must admit that i too was quite disappointed by this buffet. wanting to try this because of yelp, i went here when my parents were off watching a cirque du soleil show.  . . nothing stood out as being particularly bad, but nothing really was memorable. i liked the ideaof marrow, but then i realized it really doesn't have that much flavor. the presentation was cute, with the little plates and pots, but in some cases when i didn't enjoy the food, i felt like i was wasting a ton of food. the pastas in those little dishes were cold and didn't have enough sauce. i also love the idea of a mac and cheese station, but there really were no suggestions about combinations or any really unique cheeses. even the kalbi were super greasy and i feel like i could have made the shortribs better myself. . . as far as service, it was great. the wait staff was super attentive and always friendly (which is why they get three stars). value? not really worth the 40 bucks you shell out. I would much rather go to the wynn, cravings at mirage or the m resort.
Not bad for $35/person. Cute presentation of food and decoration.
The food was imaginative but the flavors didn't rock my mouth.  Like the small pre-arranged servings since I'm more of a nibbler than a stuff-my-face-till-I-barf eater.  Hell yeah to the bottomless glass of wine for $7.00.  Desserts were awesome.  I'll be back to get drunk on wine and jacked on sugar.
For a Vegas buffet, at the Cosmopolitan, this really should be better...but the presentation was beautiful, the dessert was great, and we still had a great time, so eh.. . I think it's fair to expect more TLC and good ingredients to go into their food, given that this is a Vegas buffet, but I have to say the food was pretty meh. It was a beautiful display to walk into even when we weren't that hungry. But alas, the food didn't quite live up to the appearance to be perfectly honest. The Kalbi short ribs were too tough and some of their small pot dishes just sat there for a long time. Oh, and that "sushi" was pretty pathetic.. . Pros were the beef ribs (fresh cut at the Prime Rib station), and actually, the mushroom polenta (though admittedly, I'm a sucker for mushroom dishes). Dessert I have to say was up to the task. Beautiful. Loved all the varieties and displays of chocolate covered strawberries, the pecan bars were yum... oh and um...chocolate covered Kit kats? uh, yes please.. . Overall, I'm glad we came to have this buffet but I probably wouldn't come back. Pretty funny to see all of the Asians with huge plates of nothing but crab legs. Chinese people are so practical.. I love it.
Disappointed!. . I will have to give it a three, because it really wasn't worth the hype. Upon first entering any buffet, I usually come back to the table with two full plates in my hands. Because #1. I like to try everything at the same time.  #2. I only have two hands.. . At Wicked Spoon Buffet, I reached the end of the food counter with only one plate in my hands. (gasp!) Confused, I went back to recheck. Nope, I hadn't missed a section. There just wasn't enough selection of foods. Usually at buffets, I leave the restaurant feeling dejected that I didn't get to fit as many bites in my stomach as I can. At wicked, I felt underwhelmed and insulted.     . . . The food also tasted very average. We left this place confused and confused.
This buffet is alright. Very clean place and pretty much everything comes in it's own contain, which is kind of neat and makes for a neater presentation. The food quality is pretty good for a buffet. Nothing award winning here in my book. Personally, it is not something I would go out of my way for.
An interesting aspect of the buffet is that many of the sides come in their own small dish or pot and that makes sharing a taste easier. We had a large group and tried many of the sides. I enjoyed much of the food, but would not rate this as a top buffet.
I made my trip here just couple months ago. After reading so many good reviews about this place, I just had to try it out (and of course, it was one of the places I have not yet tried). . . Their made-to-order pasta station was just not good at all. As my first plate, I have ordered a simple fetticcine alfredo and also some classic mac and cheese. The sauce on alfredo was just to heavy, thick, and sweet for my own flavor. Mac and cheese? I would take out the "mac" as my plate was just combinations of three different thick layers of cheese which was just disgusting (I do like cheese, but not fatuated).. . Their pad thai was flavor-less and tasted like one of those 3-minute ready to order noodles we can buy at Ralph's or Vons. Korean BBQ rib was just too sweet and the only thing I was eating that night was fried rice and crabs.. . Desert bar had nothing really that'll blow your mind but does have good gelato.
Good buffet - worth the $30 per person.  Smaller selection of food (no crab legs) than places like Studio B at the M Resort or Bellagio Buffet but the food quality is good.   Most food is served in small pots.  Some favorite items - prime rib, mushroom & steak pot, roast beef panini, korean short rib, truffle potatoes.  Service was really good the first two times - party of 2 and 6.  The third time we were a large group of about 12 and the cashier automatically added a mandatory 18% tip.  Not a problem if the service was up to par but our server went MIA a lot and didn't refill our drinks.  Except one of the diners in the group kept getting his coke replenished without asking - 3 times!  What's up with that?   Felt our waiter was crushing on him or something.  The restaurant was not packed either so "busy" wasn't a good excuse.. . Recommend you give this place a try.
I heard great things about this buffet but I was incredibly disappointed by the quality and variety of the food. We went for lunch buffet that cost around 30 bucks, so there was no seafood and a lot of other speciality items that would usually populate the dinner buffet. While there was still a lot to choose from, almost every item I tried either lacked any flavor or were too heavy in taste. Service was also terrible. Our table of 6 had to make the same drink request to our waitress numerous times before she finally brought over our drinks. I personally gave up when I waited almost 20 minutes for juice. Ridiculous! . . The desserts were mediocre as well. There were a lot of strange flan and pudding combination cups that just had an unappetizing blend of flavors that did not mesh together very well. Everything was just too sweet, even for dessert lovers. The only dessert I enjoyed was the gelato. The cakes were laden with creams, chocolates, and sugars as well. . . All in all, the food here was just way too heavy for a lunch menu. For more bang for your buck, I recommend getting the 24 hour buffet pass instead. Otherwise, save your money for the dinner buffet or hike on over to the Wynn buffet.
Sadly, Wicked Spoon didn't really meet my expectations.  We waited about 20 min in line and after we paid our dues, we were seated immediately.  We were able to grab some free mimosas since we came before 2pm (Thanks Cat C. for the tip!) . The presentation of the food was spot on!  They were all so cute and in individual containers.  It's great how they thought of controlling the portions, because we all know how so many people waste tons of food at buffets.  . Now onto the food, a LOT of my food was either lukewarm or cold.  That alone could've affected the way things tasted.  Nothing really stood out to me.  The kalbi was super chewy and a bit salty.  The shortrib pasta was too cheesy.  The baguettes were definitely not fresh and were on the "hard" side.  The mac and cheese was dry and cold.  The sushi was meh.  The shrimp salad had way too much mayo.  The biscotti gelato tasted like vanilla gelato.  The only things i thoroughly enjoyed were the soup of the day..which was beef soup with barley and the fried chicken.  . . Honestly, this place just tasted like any ol' buffet (with no crab).
Bellows from my slightly inebriated friend: "OMGGGGG THESE ARE THE BESTTT RIBS EVARRRRRRRRR! SERIOUSLY GUYS YOU HAVE TO TRY IT IT'S SOOOOOOOOO GOOOOD!" are all you can hear at our 18-person table. As other (more classy) patrons started glaring in disapproval, a server made his way towards my friend.. . "I'm glad you like the Korean BBQ, you can eat as much as you like. But sir, you need to stop screaming!". . So sums up our trip to Wicked Spoon. My friends were all inebriated and alternating between frantically stuffing food in their mouths and raving about the sheer deliciousness of it all. I, being sober, ate the food with a more critical eye (taste buds?).. . Americanized French and Asian cuisines seemed to be the main theme, plus American food. Most everything was tapas style (served in cute mini metal pots) and their dessert bar (I was pretty excited about it), featured mounds of chocolate covered strawberries and cute little pastries and gelato.. . Nothing really stood out to me (except the corn on the cob... so sweet and yummy!) so I, thankfully, restrained myself from indulging too much.. . My friends paid dearly for their buffet madness in forms of nausea, staggering to the bathroom and trying to lighten their stomach loads, and deadly food coma. Hooray!
What happened to this buffet? I went here again and was surprised by how they raised the price to $35 when it used to be $28 (I believe). I expected this place to be in the same league as Wynn buffet because of the price but it was not even close to the same vicinity.. . I still love how there is never a line even on a Friday evening. I guess people can't find it since it's quite a walk to find it. The style is chic and modern. I do love the water they serve! It tastes fresh and they provide a carafe so you don't need to ask for refills.. . The presentation of food is very lovely- tapas style, served on individual plates. I think this is their way of saving money because you can only fit aboutt 2 or 3 of those small plates on your regular plate. Clever concept indeed! . . The bad part is that the food just tasted... bleh. Even the snow crab legs were dry and lacked flavor. I did like a few dishes like their roast duck and the bone marrow which I have never seen at any other buffet.. . I felt like I got full by trying food that I didn't really enjoy. The only great thing about this buffet is the desserts. The desserts are very pleasing to the eye and they have a wide selection. I love the chocolate covered strawberries and the gelato.. . For the price of this buffet, I would pay a little bit more and head to Wynn.
So my friend got comped for the room and we got to eat at this buffet for free. I tried the lunch buffet as well as the dinner buffet. Nothing really stood out for me. I don't think I'd pay to come to this buffet. A lot of the food is served in small containers which actually adds to the aesthetics of how the food is displayed. I just remember seeing how cute the chicken wings looked, but the actual chicken wings itself was a bit dry. I tried the bone marrow which my friend raved about.. and I almost gagged. Other than that, the food selection didnt consist of anything special. Still, a special thanks to my friend who got us the free buffet. Beggers can't be choosers.
I'm small but I like to eat a lot. My boyfriend hates taking me to any all you can eat places because I'm what you call "hungry eye monster." My eyes are normally hungrier than my stomach. But I actually ate a lot at the Wicked Spoon Buffet at the Cosmopolitan. . . The brunch price was only $22. You also get a complimentary mimosa with your meal. . . Everything at the buffet is portioned for the guests. The portions are pretty large so whoever normally takes more than they can chew don't feel like they're overeating. I think the most delectable things on the menu were the prime rib which was really juicy and tender, the creamy asiago polenta with roasted mushrooms, mashed potatoes, goat cheese selection, and the whole dessert bar. . . Other reviews I read were talking about a macaroni and cheese station. Umm, there was just a place in the buffet with mac and cheese. I was really excited thinking I could build my own glorious plate but that is not the case. And their mac and cheese was dry, I figure from sitting under the heater for hours. Skip the mac and cheese station and just eat everything you can at the dessert bar.. . Favorites from the dessert bar were the mini chocolate cone, a chocolate and mango layered dessert cup topped with gold leaf, all the gelato and the peanut and dark chocolate covered strawberries. There were more desserts to try but this hungry eye monster was on the verge of barfing because I stuffed myself beyond my stomach's limits. Then we went to the pool afterward and I paraded around my new food baby.
For the price paid, I expect perfection. It was very good, but there were a few unimpressive dishes. . . On the bright side, their dessert bar is highly extensive. I filled up 2 plates with sweet treats. Too bad most of them were a bit too tart for my taste. If you have tree nut allergies, keep it safe and grab some gelato instead (it was excellent! flavorful and creamy). The dry treats might have traces of tree nuts.. . I will remember Wicked Spoon Buffet as the place where I ate bone marrow. To my surprise, it was pretty good. You just have to add some salt, there isn't much flavor. The texture was interesting though, but better eaten on crunchy bread. It reminded me of eating steak tartare with its soft kind of slimy texture. Definitely needs to be eaten with something rough and dry to contrast. . . The corn was delicious, as well as the shrimp cocktail. Double yum! The fish with lemon sauce was a bit plain. The stuffing and potato were both too salty, and the meatball was OK.  . . I would come back, but make sure I have someone pay for my meal next time around.
It was worth a visit once to check out but it's hard to think back on the visit without a little cloud of disappointment hanging over the whole experience. This was a one time thing for me. . Wicked Spoon has some cool ideas for buffet food, so my curiosity got the best of me and killed the cat.... The food overall was decent. Everything looked better than it tasted. Some salads were overdressed, pasta sauces were lumpy, meat was overcooked and not even warm under the heat lamps...yuck. Our service was really good, our drinks were refilled and our server was polite and discreet, taking plates away as we wandered (somewhat aimlessly) in circles looking for something, anything, to eat that was memorable. . In the end, I think if you're going to spend this much on a buffet go for the Wynn or the Bellagio instead. You are paying to get a couple items that are unique to this buffet but the taste isn't all there.  Maybe one day the Wicked Spoon can get it together, but my one visit was enough to know I probably won't visit again.
3.5 stars (Hey Yelp, let us do half stars!)...  Food was good.  Everything looked amazing but the taste wasn't quite there...   the Mac and Cheese bar was hella cool.  The bone marrow (yah, they have bone marrow....  at a buffet!) was good (not as good as Blue Ribbon NYC or Minetta Tavern but still good).  And the desserts were SO good.  The Beef Rib felt like they were trying to be Hill Country (NYC) but they failed (way too fatty!  and it wasn't just mine).. . Overall, Not as good as the Wynn's buffet or the Ballagio's buffet but being 3rd to those guys "ain't too shabby!". . Would I go back?  Yes and No...  Yes, if the hotel didn't scratch up my car...  but they did... (for more details please see my review of the Cosmopolitan)
The food is delicious but anything that you REALLY want is in the smallest individual portions -___-  which really annoys me. DO NOT order a drink there though, 2 mojitos cost me $30, which is worse than the clubs in Vegas and 3/4 of the admission to the buffet itself. Food and desserts were excellent though, so I won't hate too much.
Weekend brunch... $31 (no champagne or alcohol). . High end place with very little choices. Presentation is nice but mostly that's it. Some food was good... . . Good food. Clams - excellent sauce. Mac n cheese - cuz it's breaded in the fancy way. Cauliflower with puree - creamy goodness. Salmon with tomato and puree - good. . Eh food. The Chinese style pork bun (sandwich) - I've had way better. Pretty much everything else. . Dessert. Looks like a lot, but really not much of a selection. . Service. Standard but slow. . Overall, eh, come here bc it's fancy smacy buffet style. Presentation is pretty.
We did the Sunday brunch without alcohol for $29/person without taxes. The wait wasn't too long. This place was hyped up too much in my opinion. . . The presentation was very different and cute. Food is served in mini pots, pans, dishes, etc. Great portion control for their patrons, but obviously great strategy for their business. People aren't as wasteful. . . Some of the food was good and I felt like I was eating things from Top Chef, all gourmet looking. Some of the other food was eh. Nothing great too write about. Like another reviewer mentioned, the dessert section looked like a lot, but when you look closely, everything is repeated. . . For a high end place, the selection was minimal. It wasn't extravagant like the hotel itself. . . Idk if we would do the brunch again. We're probably better off with the 7 of 7 buffet deal.
I wouldn't say Wicked Spoon is overrated, but for what you get and the price I would say if you're looking for good value in Vegas to try elsewhere. At $85 for 2 people on Sunday for dinner, I would opt for one of the mid-tier buffets on the strip that would run about $10-$15 cheaper per person. What you pay for at Wicked Spoon is presentation and ambiance (the Wow factor most people want in Vegas). The food was excellent as was the presentation.. . The Good. Mascarpone & Mushrooms . Mac & Cheese bar . Salmon . Crab . Pizza . . The blah. Dessert - Looked AMAZING and again the presentation was top-notch. As far as actual taste goes, it was average to say the least. I've had better desserts at chain restaurants. The one thing that did stand out was the tira-masu ice cream, which was one of the highlights of the evening.. . The bad. Service was terrible. I don't know what it is about Vegas buffets, but it seems like since I don't match the profile of their typical clientele (I'm a young hispanic that typically wears a tshirt and jeans everywhere) my gf and I pretty much get ignored, despite the fact that on average for good service I'll easily tip 20% and up, luckily for me the waitress didn't bother to come refill my drink until 30 minutes into the meal and as we were about to leave. It was an easy decision to stiff somebody that spent about 5 seconds at my table, while she was constantly checking on the family next to us that was older and looked like they had money.. Luckily she saved me $15 and allowed me a little more money to donate at the slots. . Also, the man at the macaroni station was kind of a prick, the girl in line before us was asking him questions and he was visibly pissed and didn't say a word to her when she said thank you. Maybe they should try labeling the items at the station? It's a little hard to tell the difference between chopped chicken, bacon, crab, sausage, and ham.... . In short, if you want a Vegas experience that you'll talk about and have cool pictures of when you get home, try the Wicked Spoon, if you just want to go stuff yourself with good food, almost any mid-level property on the strip is a better deal.
i don't really know what to say about this place.... . but i think that the main goal for a vegas buffet is presentation and variety. I also think that everything in a buffet is OK, not spectacular.... . the mac and cheese was pretty good. but i'm a mac and cheese fiend, so you'll need to judge for yourself. a little too much breadcrumbs for my taste.. . . the wicked fried chicken was surprisingly tasty. . mini chocolate mousse. comes in its own chocolate cup thing.. its really really small and its red so maybe its red velvet? it was quite yummy.. . smoked salmon, cream cheese, tomatoes, onions, capers... loved it. it was the highlight of my meal, actually. . . the asian soup allllll the way at the end of the buffet was pretty good too. don't add noodles... it'll ruin it. just drink the dashi broth and add some jalapenos for heat. great for hangovers.. . ...those were the only things that stuck out.
This is my first vegas buffet I had in...YEARS. Last time I been to vegas was when they were building the Aladdin(yes, it has been that long). . . So much has changed, and friends and I decided to hit up the new buffet place at the Cosmopolitan instead of the usual staples like Wynn and Bellagio.. . Sad to say, very disappointed. I have to give them props for trying something new. Much of their dishes are not your standard dishes, so may not(most likely not) appeal to most people palettes. . . Mac and cheese bar is a neat idea, execution is a bit lacking though. . . Their saving grace is their dessert. There is so much dessert its ridiculous. . . While I give 3 stars, I've also turned into a quality over quantity person as I got older. I'd much rather spend $40 for a nice meal, rather than stuff my face full of mediocre, but various foods.. . If buffets are your thing and you want to try something new, give it a shot. If you like the more standard fare, stick to the usual suspects like Bellagio. The M buffet might also be a better choice.. . Oh and there was absolutely no line at 6pm on Saturday night.
we tried to be sly and show up between lunch and dinner to "double dip." however, they actually shut down the boofet at 3 and reopen at 5. bastards! dinner came out to $44.14 ($35 + tax + mandatory gratuity), quite the violation.. . the selection at ws was smaller than bellagio/wynn. however, food presentation and choices were quite unique. i especially liked the concept of a mac n cheese bar. the lady in front of me kept trying to order an omelet. haha. it would have been waaay better if there was bacon, lobster, crab, and more cheeses to choose from.. . the problem with vegas buffets is everything looks great, but tastes just ok. ws was no exception. i find the made to order items usually taste better.. . i really enjoyed the dessert here. the mountain of chocolate strawberries were bomb. loved the bowl of berries and gelato. i also devoured a very delicious chocolate chip cookie. soft, chewy, with huge chunks of chocolate swirls inside. i'd pay $5 to eat that cookie again.
nothing to rave about. . . it's alright, if you like buffets. buffets seem to taste all the same to me regardless of hotel (i've tried bellagio, wynn, paris, ph, etc.). . $29/person for Sunday brunch. we went around 1pm and waited for 30 minutes for a table for 6. . . best thing about the entire dining experience: chocolate chip cookie!!!
I like the single servings that they place the entrees in. We went in July and they didn't have the Vietnamese sliders. We were a bit disappointed (that lowered my star rating one down). The Asian section was a little greasy and too flavored, the kalbi was too salty and saucy and General Tsao's chicken was likewise. The best part of the night was the dessert - the chocolate covered strawberries were covered in all these nuts, like strawberries covered in Snickers. The marshmallows covered in chocolate and dipped in nuts were a dream as well.
This place was pretty good.  Came here with a party of 12 last Sunday and didn't have any problems getting sat all together.  Food was fresh and very tasty.  Purchased the bottomless champagne, mimosas, and bloody mary's and was very satisfied.  The drinks just kept coming!  . . A couple negatives on the place though.... 1. there are no crab legs. 2. i had to wait 10 minutes every time I went for prime rib . 3. the champagne was room temperature. 4. there is not a whole of of variety. . MUST TRY's - Mac N Cheese and the grilled salmon.  Yummy!
I had heard great things about this new buffet in Cosmo. I had to go try it. Don't believe the hype. Overall it was very average. Some good some bad. . The good: small individualized portions so you don't feel bad leaving behind the gross stuff. -gnocchi minus the lamb (I don't like lamb). -desserts, especially the macaron. The ok: mostly everything else I tried. The bad: most of the fish entrees were overcooked, there were a few other yuckie ones but I tried to block them out of my memory.. Sunday dinner buffet $35. Probably will not be back.
To start this review off, let me just say that I am not really a fan of buffets in vegas. I've never really preferred massive quantity for mediocre quality. That being said, I think Wicked Spoon is okay. We got there at 5PM on a saturday before the rush started, so you'll do yourself a favor if you get there early. We chose to go early because who likes to be full of food when they go out later that night? Not me. . . The food was pretty decent.I tried the truffled potatos, the shrimp miso, spinach salad, and a few other choice items. All in all, not that bad. I did like the fact that they were also plated separately, which made it easier and gave points for presentation. But, presentation doesn't make it for me entirely. Some of the stuff was also a bit overcooked. . . The dessert were also a big draw for me to these types of things, I tried one of each and didn't really find anything that stood out as well. It was all packaged wonderfully though (once again, points for presentation) but to be honest, the only thing I really liked was the chocolate covered strawberries and the Chocolate mousse/berry thing they had. The gelato was 'meh' since it tasted like the typical gelato stuff. . . All in all, not bad, but I probably wont be spending $37.50 + Tip for something like this again. I think although it is nice and everything, it is NOT WORTH $37.50, hence it is only Ok.
Perhaps it's a 3.5.  We came here for dinner, which is $35...plus tax and tip, and you're looking at close to a $50 meal.  I'd rather go to a super nice sit down, which could still be cheaper than this.. . The presentation is great.  It's in the new and happenin' Cosmopolitan, all the dishes are separated for you (so you're not scooping out handfuls of...anything) and everything's cute and decorated nicely.  Let's see, I don't eat seafood so I can't review that part.  I had some of the ribs, bone marrow, Korean meat...all a bit dry.  The Caesar salad had some flavor to it, the pasta was probably the best dish, the mashed & truffle potatoes were mediocre, the gelato just like anywhere else...the best part were the chocolate covered strawberries (with oreos, and ones with white chocolate) which I had a bunch of, haha.  One friend commented that the best dishes were fruits, which you could get yourself versus their own concoctions.  . . Cute spot, different from the other buffets, but too pricey without fully satisfying my taste buds.
I would say it's a pretty damn overrated buffet. I honestly wasn't impressive with anything at this place except the awesome gelato section in this buffet. That was the only thing that I would think about if i ever coming here again. First of all I would say that this place is kind of hard to find because it's hidden somewhere in the cosmopolitan and that was a big uhhhh to me. 2nd of all why do you have to pay when you're in line? It doesnt make sense because what if you wanna get out of the line bc you're sick of waiting so it makes absolutely no sense why you would have to wait in line and pay. 3rd of all if i was gonna pay $45(including tax)  then i could just go to jaleo again for a nice delicious, interesting fancy dinner. . . Honestly the hot food really wasn't that great and the only reason why i went all out was because i had to make the money by eating all these prime ribs and crab legs. They weren't delicious but if i was gonna make up for my 45 dollar i have to go all out. . . BUT I DO REMEMBER there was one awesome thing about the place besides the gelato and that was the excellent service we got from our waiter. I thought our waiter was extremely patient for a party of 11 people. He always had a smile on and he was really nice when he was pouring our drinks and such. Props to the waiter! . . REGARDLESS i don't recommend coming here...it really wasnt that amazing
First things first, you have to pay before you wait in line.  Again, you have to pay before you wait in line.. . Wicked Spoon provided a great selection of food that I normally wouldn't be able to get.  However,  the quality of that food was only sub-par.  The bone marrow seemed fatty, and the prime rib not very tender.. . The little things also matter quite a bit.  The waiter forgot a lot of the items we requested, and salt and pepper bottles both had salt in them.. . Wicked Spoon isprobably over-hyped, or I just had a mediocre visit.
Came here for the dinner buffet on a Thursday. The price was $35 per person. The food was presented in a gourmet fashion. Most of the food was pre-plated. Everything looked great and tasted pretty good. The downside here was that everything was heavy and full of fat which wasn't to my benefit since I have some dietary restrictions I need to follow. However if you don't have any dietary restrictions to follow this buffet is pretty fabulous.
Date/Time:  Tuesday - 8pm & Saturday - 12:30pm. Occasion:  Dinner first, Brunch second. Party of:  Two. Location:  Very gaudy and eclectic decor.  Buffet spread is very clean and organized.  Like the pre-portioned food.. Ordered:  All-you-can-eat on Tuesday night & Saturday brunch. Total incl gratuity: ~$45pp for dinner. $37pp for brunch. . Disappointed...not once but twice!  I came here first during my fourth of July weekend trip and actually just paid another visit this past weekend during the trip with my girls.  I don't see how this place is getting such high marks. The food is laid out well however the quality and the variety is just not as impressive as some of the other buffets I've seen, like Wynn or Bellagio.  What baffles me, too, is that the price is the same as those buffets of a higher caliber.. . Some of the food during my visits included but not limited to: caesar salad, tomato salad, ceviche, your normal hot foods like mashed potatoes, veggies, chicken, pastas, sausages, carving station with turkey, prime rib, lamb, steamed snow crab legs, mac n' cheese station, a small selection of Chinese foods like Chinese broccoli, fried rice, BBQ pork, make your own faux pho, and miso soup.  During my brunch trip, there were breakfast foods like sausage, bacon, country fried steak, omelet station, baskets of fried chicken, fresh fatty bacon, and some sushi.  The fried chicken and the string beans are the only ones really worth mentioning.  . . The food is only OK.  During my dinner visit, I was shocked they didn't offer Alaskan king crab legs, especially for that price. Dinner pricing: $37.00 per person, while brunch was $29.00 per person (without the champagne.)  What I did like about this place is that most of the food is pre-portioned for you in a little carafe.  It keeps it a lot neater and probably helps people take what they'll eat rather than scooping loads of food on their plate only to waste it later on.  I don't think I'll make another trip back.  Too many more options to try in Vegas.
I hate to say but I'm going to have to report several disappointments with my Wicked Spoon experience. First, this Buffet is WAY, WAY over priced. To come to this conclusion you have to really see what's going on here. They have layed out this buffet In such a way as to save money and short change the customer as much as possible. The Single portions may be cute and all, but if you look at what's there they are skimping on things that cost the most money. Pork ribs with risotto. Large portion of risotto with 3 tinny bits of pork. Interesting! Any dish with rice was 98% rice and almost no meat. This was all over the buffet right down to the extremely thin straws they give you for your soda. The slower you drink the less refills they have to give you..      also, the reason I came to this buffet was to try the bone marrow. I made sure to call SEVERAL times to find out if they serve it every night. I was told this was a staple of there buffet and one of the things that sets them apart from other buffets so they have itevery night. Guess what they didn't have the night I was there? Of course, the bone marrow. I did talk to the manager about this and he told me they had run out the night before. He then said he would like to invite me to come back to try the bone marrow another time. I'm not sure what that means but I don't think it was going to be for free. I would not have had a problem with it if I didn't call repeatedly and was told they have it every night. .         I have also read in other reviews that people had a hard time getting refills of soda after there first one. This happened to me as well. It seemed like after I asked the waitress for my first refill she just disappeared and never came around again. Interesting for a buffet that's $38 with tax. .         I will say, much of the food was very good. I did enjoy most of what I had. The carving station did have some very good meats. The desserts were also rather good. .         I don't think I will be back to this buffet as there are many in Vegas that I enjoy more and are cheaper. If your out to spend some cash and don't mind getting ripped off a bit give it a shot. You may have a better experience than I did.
I was a bit disappointed by this buffet and the service. We waited almost half an hour to get our drinks, and this was only after we had to flag down another server after several others blatantly ignored our attempts to get their attention.. . The food was good, but pales in comparison to the buffet at the Wynn. Crab legs were good, but not the king crab legs that they offer at the Wynn. I loved the shortribs with pasta, but only one or two tiny pieces of meat per serving? Come on. The prime rib was great though. It was flavorful and tender. Their kalbi was good too, but I can make a mean kalbi at home so it was nothing special. I loved their make-your-own mac and cheese bar. We went with chedder and mozarella cheese, carmalized onions, and bacon. Yum! Fried chicken wing with chipotle sauce and mashed potatoes was bland. Saki soaked turkey breast was good, but char siu was run of the mill. Shimp in the shrimp and grits was rubbery and bland. Their dessert buffet looks impressive, but besides the gelato, most of the flavors were just okay. . . It was good, but I'd rather go to the Wynn if I'm spending this much on a Vegas buffet.
Long overdue for my semi-angry review...  after reading all of the amazing reviews for Wicked Spoon and seeing the 700-some odd photos that people had posted on Yelp.com, I was persuaded to skip out on the Aria Buffet for something new.  . . The walk alone is a long one.  Especially if you're a girl in heels!  You will see a bunch of random artwork along the way until you hit the end of the road.  THEN, the line was a good wait & once you thought you had gotten in, they made us wait until an actual table had opened up.  . . The food was good... it was my first time having ratatouille & I ended up liking it.  I thought it was interesting that the servings were on separate miniature plates/pans - but it was difficult stuffing a bunch of food on your plate as room would quickly run out.  After all of the photo clicking, I noticed how they had bone marrow, yet the afternoon I went, there was no bone marrow found.  :(  and it was one of the things I was REALLY looking forward to.  (let down, man).  I will say that the gelato was delicious and the mini desserts were so good looking and almost too pretty to eat.. . Since the lady at the register did not ask if I wanted to purchase the champagne brunch, it wasn't until after we had been seated and I wondered if I were to just ask for one at the table that they would bring it.  (silly me I suppose... but how was I supposed to know how the system worked if it was one of the first times I paid for a buffet, let alone it was a new one).  From the time we were seated, I had waited a good long 5 minutes until someone came to get our drink order.  I asked for a glass of champagne, the guy asked for my ID (handed it to him) - and mins later I had my drink.  After that, it was like we weren't give any attention at all.   We even had to grab our own salt and pepper from another table since the wait for someone to come by had taken so long.  No one ever came back to re-fill or take plates away.  I had to call a person to come over.  I wanted a re-fill, yet this time it was a different waiter and this guy actually took our bill, looked at it and said, that we did not purchase a champagne brunch.  I told him how we were never asked if we wanted to purchase one.  He said it would be I think it was $15 extra if I wanted it now.  (it was already towards the end of our time there anyways, so of course I said no).. . It just sucked how we were treated there since the food was not bad.  The dessert area was my favorite.  Attentiveness is MUCH needed as no one seemed to pay attention & walked around like chickens with their heads cut off.
A classic example of food looking better than it tastes. I was very excited to come here after looking at pictures on Yelp but ended up feeling underwhelmed. Let's start with the positives: presentation. I like that Wicked Spoon understands the concepts of small plates. A lot of the hot food was placed in small iron skillets and bowls, which made it look exciting to look at. The point of a buffet, at least to me, is to sample a little bit of everything it has to offer. Small portions are genius because it allows me to try everything, and then go back for seconds if I like it. Another aspect I really liked was dessert, namely the chocolate-covered strawberries and gelato.. . Most of the food I had was disappointing. The mac n cheese was so-so, the crab legs had an oddly bitter taste (from the lemon?), and the salad was drenched in dressing. I didn't try the cakes but the BF said it wasn't good. Bottom line: I didn't find myself going back for seconds. One thing I did reallylike was the cauliflower puree. But I mostly had everything once and once only.. . Not really worth $45 in my opinion.
I've had brunch and dinner here. Presentation is super cute, but service and food need help. Our server at lunch was nonexistent (never got the ketchup we asked for, water was only refilled once). Food seemed to have issues staying fresh. For example, the skin on the fried chicken was not crispy and the faux chocolate ice cream cones tasted stale. Did not have anything that stood out - just came because we were staying at the Cosmo and it was convenient.
What an over filling experience. You had to roll me and the wifey back to our room. Nice decor, presentation, and different items on the menu including the bone marrow and the leg of lamb. Also a huge selection of desserts including chocolate covered strawberries and gelato! But a little disappointed with the food overall. Because of the small containers that I admit was easy to pick up and put on your plate, some of the dishes were either dried out or not that hot. Also the small plates at the salad bar were room temperature instead of being cold. Friendly service and very clean I rate this place at 3.5 stars. . P.S your ladies will get a kick out of taking pics of themselves in the giant shoes in the hallways before u get to the restaurant.
The food was served in little pots, which made it very interesting.  There wasn't anything super fancy, but I did enjoy what they offered.  They have a good selection of cuisine.. . The dessert was probably the highlight of the meal, the was a good selection and they were all very good.. . The service was really bad, the waiter never refilled our drink, he never came by to check on us.  We had our two toddlers with us, so he probably didn't want to deal with us.  Needless to say he did not get a good tip, my husband still tipped him, I would not have tipped him at all.
after having holsteins for lunch, i was excited to check out wicked spoon that night for dinner.. this was the only buffet i had during the trip so i was preparing myself for a food fest.. . . there are two lines for this place.. one to pay, one to get seated..since there wasn't anyone in the pay line we missed memo and just went to get seated line.. no worries, once we got to the front we quickly stepped aside to pay and were seated right after. . i was expecting so much more given that they have a broad range of american, asian, italian, etc food... -fish: was salty. -prime rib: was the best overall (i went back a few times.. some pcs were either under/over cooked though). -had bone marrow (first time seeing that at a buffet). -crab: i didnt know what type of crab it was but it was tasteless . -dessert: there were a nice amt of options, however, most didn't taste as good as it looked.. they were all small and cute but there was nothing i wanted to go back for seconds. . i'm not sure if i'd go back here yet.. might just go back to the old tried and true wynn buffet... . ----. quick update: . came here on my next trip bc everyone in my grp hasn't been and wanted to try it.. we came 30 min before they closed for lunch so all us loaded 4-5 plates ea before digging in.. it was quite the sight to see!.. i still think the food was ok.. well, actually i didn't like it as much as dinner.. i want to try bellagio or go back to wynn for a buffet
I am a Vegas buffet aficionado. I have eaten at most of the supposedly top buffets including the Bellagio, Wynn, M, Red Rock, Mirage and now the Wicked Spoon.  The Wicked Spoon is good, but not great.  They have a few outstanding dishes, but a lot of mediocre ones as well.  Several of the dishes were way too salty, including the Korean ribs and the Mac and Cheese. others were lukewarm or tasted like they had been out too long. The atmosphere and service were nice, but not exceptional.  Highlights were the gelato, tofu with coconut and Cinnamon French toast, but for $22 (lunch) there is zero doubt in my mind that the M Resort Buffet beats this place hands down.  The M is $16, includes beer wine and coffee liquors and the food is superior on every level - taste, preparation, variety.  The M, IMHO, is still the buffet to beat.  Second place would be Wynn, third Bellagio, 4th Wicked Spoon.  Don't get me wrong, the Wicked Spoon is a good place, but reading how people gush about it, I thought it was important to put it in perspective.  Enjoy Vega$!
went for brunch. . only good thing about this buffet is that its $22 and comes with one free mamosa or champage, or bloody marie, if you're into that. . presentation was very nice and creative, butit was very depressing to finally bite into the food and realize it didn't taste good.  i felt pretty bad but at most i took a bite of every single thing they offered then asked the waiter to take it away cus i didn't wanna wast space in my stomach to finish it when there were a lot of other things to try too. . dessert was good, had gelato and these macarons with fruit inside
Overall: 3.5 stars. . Personally I've gotten tired of eating buffets in Vegas, but I have to admit that I was pleasantly surprised at the variety of different types of food.  The bone marrow is definitely one of the reasons why you have to come to Wicked Spoon.  The serving size was generous and goes well with bread.  Another option I would recommend are the desserts.  I've never seen so many different choices at a buffet, but I fell in love with the gelato.  All in all, I would recommend the buffet if you're looking for casual dining.
My friends and I arrived at the Wicked Spoon half an hour before they were closing the buffet. But it was all good! We were hungry anyways. At least I thought I was. Unfortunately, I didn't have the appetite (aka a bit hungover) to eat and gorge on buffet food. I really tried! I didn't want to eat too much, too fast and then have to head to the ladies room to puke it. :( I envied my friends who were able to eat.. . I tried the shortribs, yum. I was able to stomach that. I tried some of this pasta with lamb stuff, just nibbled a little bit. Sadly, that was all I remember eating. I think I also had noodles. After nibbling what I could, I headed for the the dessert station. My stomach was ok with the sweets. My favorite were these little chocolate mousse cups filled with blueberries - I had at least two. . . Lesson learned, never go to a buffet hungover (at least for me anyways).. . I would like to come back here (some day) to try out the brunch! I will be sure to visit sober and super-hungry!!
The Pros:. . -Week night price for buffet dinner was only $35.  Drinks extra.. -Our server April was a kick and was fast with drinks.. -The dessert section is crazy!!  Even in small, little bite size portions, you can ache your tummy before you can stop!. -The mac & cheese bar is a ridiculous concept.....like an omlette station, but with ~20 options to put in your mac & cheese.. . The Cons:. . -Many of the dishes served were just simply "meh".  Outside of the salmon (which was outstanding) there wasn't one of the entrees that I wanted to have more of.. . -It was very dead in there...of course we ate pretty early (5:30ish) and some of the entrees had sat under the heat lamps too long and didn't look appetizing in the least.. . Oh well.  We gave it a go......and when we were all done, we were still in Vegas, Baby!!!!!
After a friend's recommendation, I decided to take my gf here for brunch. Since she was flying out Sunday, we decided to have 1 last buffet of good food. . . Prime rib - good but could be juicier . Egg benedict - okay but I've had better at Mandalay's room service. . Homemade bacon - love it. thick and full of flavor with a nice portion of fat. Chinese chicken - no good . Fried chicken wings - lacked flavor and no crunch. Salad bar - decent and great variety. . The dinner is what a lot of people mention about this place, so I can only really rate this place on my Sunday lunch experience.
I liked the concept of this place but wished the food taste better.
Cute tapas-style place with unique side dishes like creamed cauliflower sides and watermelon gazpacho in tiny cups!  They even had huge slices of cheese and heirloom tomatoes which I love!  I know who cares about veggies and shizzzz?  MEATS - yes, they had a meat carving station with sirloin, sausage, ribs.  I sampled it, but liked the rotisserie chicken and fried chicken with crispy onion bits best.  They had crab legs (not king crab) and shrimp.  Also, they had a good mix of dishes like lemongrass fish, carnitas tacos and gnocchi.  Dessert was so-so as there were no labels for anything, but the peanut butter and jelly gelato was a winner!!!  They also had fudge which I adore and never see anywhere but Rocky Mountain Chocolate factory. LOL.. . I liked it, but then I got a tummy ache and I didn't even stuff my face like I usually do.  I was seriously shopping afterwards and had to run back to the hotel cuz my stomach was doing jumping jacks.  My husband said that is my fault for eating boring fried chicken, cauliflower and tomatoes at a $40 buffet. WAHHH!  I still pick the WYNN!  Esp. for desserts!
I came here after hearing all the rants and ravings to this buffet. I usually don't like buffets at Vegas, but it's new and cute and my bff and I just had to try it.. . We paid and got seated before the rush around 6:20pm. Everything in here is so cue and unique. Most of the dishes were served in tiny pots and pans. The portions were a bit small, but it's an all-you-can-eat place! Just get more if you want!. . I felt there were a lot of vegetarian dishes... A bit on the healthier and bland side. Meat was sparse, so if you're a meat lover, I suggest you stick with Bellagio or Wynn buffet. There were these interesting smoothie shots with vegetables, honey, and fruit blended into a small cup. Another one was a watermelon + vinegrette smoothie? Eh, I tried it anyways because I was curious. Not TOO bad. My fave dish had to be the ceviche (as usual), Korean short ribs (Kalbi!) and their bacon ranch salad. I was super disappointed at how small the crab legs were. . . Honorable mentions go to their dessert bar. Freshly dipped chocolate Oreo strawberries (I had 6 and still wanted more), gelato, a variety of cookies, mousse, and cakes! . . . For $35/person, this is actually one of the more affordable buffets in a 5-star resort. Bellagio and Wynn has upped their prices to roughly $47-$50 for dinner!!
What a wicked and unique way to serve upscale buffet food? Creamed corn with jalapenos and bacon in their own teeny, tiny pots... Chicken masala with rice in play house sized pots... this place is just too cute! All the dishes look picture perfect, but I wished the taste of the foods matched up a bit more to their appearance. It was definitely an experience, I mean they had bone marrow!!! They had so many exotic dishes.. I can't really pin point what makes me give this place 3 stars.... . . Pros: excellent customer service, very clean atmosphere, love the single plated dishes because you know you are the first person to touch it with a utensil, unique desserts you would only find here like the various strawberries covered in delicious sugary confections. . Cons: as tasty the foods were listed and described, it was just okay... Thats all! . . After reading all the reviews it seems as if we came in here with high expectations... because it is Cosmo with high end chefs creating new, inventive gourmet foods. I'll be back for round 2, but I hope it will have improved!
This was my one and only buffet in Vegas and it was okay. I wasn't feeling too well either so I don't think that helped. Some of the food was really good but other dishes were bland. I liked the presentation of their food though! It made you want to try all the dishes =] The crab legs were okay and I tried lamb and it was also just okay. The desserts section (my favorite) was pretty good. They weren't the best but that's when I realized that presentation means everything. Their desserts looked nice (even if they were just simple) and made me want to try them.. . There were sushi rolls but I didn't even try them since they looked really simple. For the price of this buffet (about $35), I think it was decent. I want to try this place again next time I'm there when I'm feeling better =]
I would give this place a 2.5 for dinner. I heard so many good reviews about this place and friends talking about it but when i went to eat here it wasn't anything that I had expected. The food quality was just terrible. The crab legs were really soggy and not as tasty as other ones I've had. Some of their little dishes were also lacking in terms of quality but for the eyes they were visually appealing. I feel like this place tried to do too much without any real substance. The price didn't really help since it was $35+ pp. After doing the Buffet of Buffets for Harrahs I have to say I'm more impressed with some of their buffets than other ones like this and the Wynn buffet. However, I do want to try their lunch buffet since they have the red velvet pancakes (or so I heard) and unlimited mimosas. . . This dinner experience was so bad that my friend that won a free buffet at the New Member Spin wheel gave that up for $10 in slot play. haha
Breakfast/Lunch Review. . Of course no trip to vegas is complete without a little over indulgence and when it comes to over doing it with me its all about the food. Joy and I are not much of buffet eaters but reading over Wicked Spoon's (@ the Cosmopolitan) individual serving styles of food seemed right up our alley so we decided to give it a shot for brunch on the morning we arrived into vegas. We planned it just right to get there before 11am so that we would get the breakfast prices and get to sample the lunch items as well.. . The highlights of the breakfast items were the red velvet pancakes, eggs benedict, and bacon, while the best of lunch were the green beans, mussels. They also served  tri-tip (i guess they used to serve prime rib), slab bacon (pork belly), fried chicken (no taste) and a selection of asian foods, i wasn't all that impressed with the flavors but again i'm just not a buffet person anymore.
i think i had a super high expectation for this place and it just didn't live up to the hype. i like how they serve everything individually plated..makes it less likely for food to be wasted. . . most memorable items on the menu: salmon (perfectly cooked), short rib benedict, fried chicken wings, ice cream buffet.. . in short, loved the presentation, but food wasn't comparable to wynn's buffet.
Verdict: Presentation of the dishes were excellent, but the chefs need to spend more time adding salt and pepper to their cute little portions of food. . . Mac & cheese station was great, particularly for M&C lovers like me.. Lamb and crab legs also good.. Dessert selection not as impressive as the Wynn, gelato was the best dessert I tried.. . Everything else in this buffet was average, I would still choose Wynn or Bellagio over WS.. . Now if I was reviewing which buffet has the best looking patrons, Wicked Spoon wins.
Okay, it's 2011 and the biggest trends in Vegas are usually the newest spots, like Cosmopolitan where Wicked Spoon is, BUT (here comes the but) this NEW place was just okay.. . Conceptually I like this place: little individual sample plates as opposed to traditional buffet styles where they make you grab the same serving spoon to fend for yourselves. But the only thing that could possibly save this place is the fact that they're dessert buffet is wickedly insane! A STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE DO IT YOURSELF STATION? MOUNDS OF CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES?! RED VELVET HO-HO's? KIT KATS WITH TOPPED WITH MINI MARSHMALLOWS, RASBERRY FILLING AND THEN DIPPED IN CHOCOLATE AGAIN? More than a dozen flavors of gelato? Quite overwhelming but nevertheless dessert heaven! . . Entrees disappointingly were just mediocre. I was initially impressed that they had heirloom sliced tomato, veal osso buco and bone marrow, and clam pizza slices, but everything just tasted okay. The BONE MARROW was a little fatty and lacked flavor which was a little upsetting. Pizza was just okay. Tomatoes were a little too ripe.. . Q: Would I come here again? . A: Only for the dessert.
It's good but I think I prefer the Wynn buffet. Most memorable eats were the marrow, prime rib, polenta, shrimp & grits, and the gelato.  . .  think this is definitely better for lunch, not worth the extra $ for dinner.
I went here for brunch and I thought Wicked Spoon had a wide selection of foods to choose from. They had pancakes, pecan waffles, eggs (scrambled, omeletes, and benedicts), sausages (links and patties), bacon, and hash browns to name a few. . . For lunch items they had a wide selection as well, but what was really different were the Korean short ribs (kalbi). I read previous reviews and I got excited to try these because I do not see these anywhere but at a Korean buffet. Sadly, the Korean short ribs were far from great and were also pretty salty. However, the other selections of lunch foods were decent, but nothing spectacular.. . On the plus side, Wicked Spoon offered a wide selection of desserts as well. I tried almost all the pastries and they were all great! My favorites were the mini chocolate filled cones and the chocolate dipped strawberries. I also tried the Strawberry Balsamic gelato. It sounded interesting and it didn't taste too bad either. . . Overall, the Wicked Spoon was enjoyable and pricing is relatively inexpensive ($22/person during brunch). I'd recommend trying it at least once if you haven't gone before. I wouldn't say I wouldn't come here again, but let's just say it's not on the top of my list.
My 2.5 star is for seafood only...NOT FOR SEAFOOD LOVERS. . Wicked Spoon Buffet is fabulous- stinking cute little pots and kettles filled with deliciousness ...I love the food here but if you're looking for sushi or crab legs go elsewhere.. . They serve steamed snow crab legs but they slice it in half (as if snow crabs aren't puny enough!) so they can save money and it's weak.  Wack and weak to slave over a tiny piece for a morsel of meat.  Go to Rio Seafood Buffet for crab legs and sashimi!  Never disappoints me there.. . Actually, the owners are smart.  You can't fill your plate high with food when they are all served in little pots and dishes.  So in actuality, you're eating LESS than you would at the other buffets!   Even the halved crab legs...they make you THINK you're eating a lot but you're not.  . . Good one *wink wink*  but it's okay...I'll still come back because I like their diverse menu and wicked sense of flavors!
ive been to a lot of vegas buffets. Wanted to try this one because its new, its at the cosmo, and hey it might actually be really good!. . TRICK. not that great. I feel like their selection was very little. how do you not have mashed potatotes at a buffet?! i did like their mac n cheese. But wierd that a lot of their food comes in like these little pans and plates that its hard ot pile it all on your dish. need to work on that...
The food is definitely a huge step up from the usual buffets in the Bay Area.  For the price you pay you get what you pay for. They do have a huge selection of food from a variety of cuisines. You WILL get full. But I can't say it was the BEST buffet I have been to. I just wasn't wowed. I'm a huge dessert freak and while they do have an assortment of cute little cakes, they were nothing to rave about. I was hoping to have some delicious creme brule but they didn't have it =( The Bellagio buffet has better desserts =).
This place overall is ok.  The food is really good but it's more of a gourmet style buffet served in small portion plates.  Not the kind of buffet where you can grab as much as you want and put it all in one plate.  Everything is served in it's own small plate.  I felt kind of guilty grabbing more than one plate at a time of the same item.  Also, NO CRABLEGS, oysters, seafood, what?  Different, but definitely not my type of buffet.  Great variety of gourmet foods though.
I moved away from Vegas buffets years ago but occasionally for one reason or another I end up at one.. . I kept hearing how amazing this place WAS when it first opened....and how it's not nearly as good NOW.. . These buffets are never as good the second time around...and people love to talk about the "good old days" since it gives them that i'm better then you feeling.. . Honestly, think about it.  Every time someone regales you with tales of "back in the days" and them "old school days."  What they are really saying is I did X when X was still amazing...and you can never do the same cool things i did because X sucks now.  O.o . . Anyways, back to the buffet.   It was pretty good, and given my current view of buffets i'd say Wicked Spoon is up there with the Bellagio and Wynn buffet.   I can probably go to any one of those three buffets and be equally "satisfied.". . The cool thing about wicked spoon are the small individual portions served in metal saucepan type containers.   They have some more unique dishes like gnocchi with asiago cheese,  kalmato olive oil cod, and green curry clams with basil.. . At the end of the day this place delivers what i expect from a ~35 dollar buffet in Vegas. . Some type of crab legs, a carving station with prime rib, a decent selection of fish/seafood dishes, and sushi that doesn't suck too bad
The dessert area is heaven!   The service is hell.. . We ate here 5 days in a row.  The food and service as much better on the weekend.  During the week both the food and service was poor.    Even during the weekend simple things like getting a refill on drinks we impossible.. . Overall the food is very good.  You can tell when the buffet is not as busy, the food is colder and not turned over as quick.
Quite frankly, i think that people are overly generous with this buffet. I'm not gonna lie, the food is amazing here, and different from typical buffet food. BUT you have to consider the fact that you're paying $40+/person for this meal, so being good doesn't cut it, it should be spectacular. However, should was the key word, and Wicked Spoon was many notches below spectacular. . . Disappointment 1: The dining room was not as large as I had expected. I literally went from one end to the next, and tried everything in half an hr flat. The food was awesome, but I ran out of options real quick and I had to hit up the same things twice. When I'm paying over 40 bucks a person, I would like an ENDLESS amount of choices until my stomach bursts at its seams.. . Disappointment 2: when I saw pictures of the dessert bar, i was like "HELL YEA!", but when i got there it was just a disappointingly small area, and the desserts were nothing extraordinary. Wasn't too excited by the gelato since it's common in Toronto, and the little desserts (though very cute) was just REALLY sweet.. . However, I did enjoy the freedom to choose any drink, and have unlimited refills, but then again I did pay for that service so, meh.. . Overall, I'm not saying that this buffet was bad, in fact it was very good. It simply didn't live up to the ultra high expectations that I had for it based on its price, and positive reviews. Not sure if I'd choose to return, it feels more like a "need to try it once" type of deal.
Decent buffet.  It is inside the new Cosmopolitan Casino.  In my opinion, The Cosmopolitan is the nicest of the new casinos on the strip.  I recommend visiting the casino even if you don't eat here.  We came here on a Friday at about noon.  Waited in line for about 15-20 minutes.  The price was about 23 bucks per person.  I see that other reveiwers paid more so maybe the dinner buffet is more expensive.  I suspect the dinner menu selection might include more thanthe lunch.  There was no sliced prime rib, only red wine marinated tri-tip.  Good selection of seafood, I enjoyed the salmon over risotto and steamed mussels.  The sushi wasnt very good, it was kinda dry.  The strawberry shortcake and gelato were the best dessert options.  I wasn't a fan of the pre-made salads, I would rather have a traditional salad bar.   I won't go over everything the buffet has.   If you have been to a buffet in Vegas, then you know what to expect.  While this buffet was not amazing, it wasn't bad either.  Good service.  I left satisfied.
We went on Sat for the brunch/lunch buffet, $60.00 for 2 people without tip...I would give it a 3.5 actually, its a little pricey for a buffet and not everything is great.... but what I did Love was the thin crust pizza, the gnooci, and the ravioli-I think it was a squash ravioli with croutons in one of those little pots... and the chocolate covered strawberries with the toffee heath crunchy stuff that it was dipped in was delicious! the little cone with the mousse is delicious too...  The Gelato was good but by that time I was so full and I dont think I could taste anything!. Mac and cheese was a little dry, sushi was okay, salmon was okay, shrimp cocktail was okay.... . there was this couple next to us who were very upset because they didnt have bagels and they had to go to one of the other restaurants to get a bagel for the guy...there were so many things to eat there and he wanted a bagel???really???
The ambiance is nice for a buffet. The presentation of the food is higher than average, but the food was overall not as good compared to others like the Wynn Buffet. However, the gelato is quite good, and I liked the idea of the individual portions though it made me feel guilty when I just wanted a bite of something, but was forced to take a full serving. They didn't have any issues with clearing my half-eaten portions.
Just went to this buffet and I tagged on the 'all you can drink mimosa for $8'.  Our server was really good and kept me topped up with drinks all morning - I was never without amimosa!  . . Now onto the food bit - I would have given it a 2.5 but my husband felt it should be higher, so we settled on 3 - this does not include service.. . Food in my opinion was ok but the majority of it looked dried and withered, as if it had been out for hours.  However, my husband said the cooked to order section ie: eggs/omelet was really good.. . The oriental/asian/sushi section looked like it should have a health warning attached to it - it looked like it was left overs from the day before.. . Pizza section ditto.  . . Most of the food was luke warm.. . Now to the recommendations:  pumpkin ravioli, salad bar, some of the meat/carvery section and the dessert section - in particular the PB and jelly ice cream.  Huge strawberries dipped in choc looked nice.. . Was quite disappointed on the whole.. . The decor/music/ambiance was lovely in comparison to some other buffets in Vegas.
Gave this place two tries-- one a brunch and one dinner. Both were comped for  me- -so it didn't cost - and I'm glad it was free.. Service at the brunch was just so - so  , we have 1 guy for a large table and he forgot coffee and bloodymary for like 20 min!  I had to track down another waiter who found our waiter and reminded him-- he had even written it down and I think the entire table  got coffee - all the girls got their mimosas .   Anyway, breakfast foods were just so- so also, poor chefs making the omlets and made to  order eggs- burnt several - and the carving station was  unmaned 50% of the time you had to stand there and try to get the attention of someone to come carve.   I won't even go  into asking for ketchup and hot sauce ! What an ordeal.  . Dinner was ok- but I guess I'm a fan of standard buffett fare like a salad bar , prime rib and roasted chicken -- none of this the Friday night I went to the spoon for dinner.. The best items-- desserts are wonderful.. Until service is stepped up I would not pay thier price for this buffett. . Get itcomped or don't go.  Maybe I just got soured by the bad service , but I don't remember the food being "out of this world " either.
This is more a 3.5ish?. . The dessert selection is quite amazing :) Some are good, many--however--are not. I definitely recommend the mango-passionfruit mousse cup though, as well as the mini cheesecake! Their desserts are not too sweet, so for all you sweet-tooths out there...this may not be your type of dessert!. I loved the vast selection of appetizers and the meats are always tender and delicious! . Only thing I don't like is the entire "Asian foods" selection. Everything was either way too salty (curry clam), technically wrong (Asian banh mi does not look like that...), or just tasted really off/not Asian. . Overall, there isn't a HUGE selection, but it's not too bad. I probably wouldn't come here again, but it's not bad for a buffet...but not quite up to par to the other Vegas buffets such as Wynn or Rio Seafood.
After getting a buy one get one free coupon decided to go back.  The buffet is definitely worth half price, but not $35...actually no buffet is worth that much but if you people feel the need to overspend because you're on vacation, knock yourselves out. . . I did like the pork tostada, salmon and Korean short ribs and the pretzel rolls were really good, too.   . . I did not care for the prime rib which was overdone (how do you do that?).  The beignets were not really that, they were just doughnut holes with sugar...kind of an insult to what a beignet really is.   The strawberries were really small this time.  Overhyped and underserved and i had a few other things that had no taste and could not figure out what in the world they were. .. . As I said, it's not a knock me over type of place and I will never go for full price.  The M and Bellagio are still my absolute favorites and if I do ever feel the desire to pay that much, that's where I'll head to.
This place was pretty good but nothing to be excited about.  My friend told me it's one of the best buffets in Vegas right now, so when we went for my friend's bachelorette weekend we decided to eat here for brunch.  This is my third buffet that I have tried in Vegas and honestly, they have all been the same to me. The only difference are the prices.  Bottomless mimosas you have to pay additional $10!! I've been to cravings at the Mirage and they serve bottomless mimosas with NO ADDITIONAL charge - I think that's why I'm giving this place a 3!. . The difference with Cravings Buffet & Wicked is that Wicked has more and better selections with their dessert.  But with food, food - they pretty much have the same stuff. What I liked about Wicked was their mint chocolate ice cream - YUM!
This place is good, but not great.  I had much higher expectations for it.  The night we went there was a lot of food that looked like it had been sitting under the lamp for a while.  So that i the first turn off.  The staff was seriously rude and left us with dry links a lot.  Don't even get me started about the Gelato dude ... wow.... he needs to find a new job and NOT one in customer service.  Maybe a garbage man or someone that does not have to deal with people directly.  . . Anyway - the Turkey served in the Korean food area was good.  The desserts were good, the mashed potatoes were good, but that is about it ... I wish I could give this place a better review, but I am not a huge crab fan and had none, so I can judge it for that.
we went here because my sister heard that it was good.. mmmm, it was just ok.. . i liked how things were served in little portion pots (some items) and things looked pretty but not everything was yummy. some were really salty too. so the food in itself was nothing special nor was there a huge variety.. . dessert was pretty good though and their gelato was yummy! i think the gelato was the best part of the buffet.. . all in all, nothing crazy i thought.
I guess I'm just not a big enough of a fan for buffets.  It was a little expensive too, I think we paid like $44 after tax and tips for a Monday evening.  I can't imagine what it would be like on the weekends.  We came pretty early therefore there wasn't much of a line although it did take them forever to seat us even though the dining area was practically empty, which I felt was a little ridiculous.  As we were eating the line gotten longer and for the same reason, it takes them so long to seat people.  They should really have these girls wear flats rather than heels if it's gonna take them that long to walk and set up the tables.. . The food.  The food was good, although I didn't think there was that many choices as a buffet should have.  Although, I did like the fact that they were already pre-individually plated. Probably wouldn't want to do it again.
the buffet is average, the food did not taste with any special flavor, seemed as the food is cooked in a hurry without any special ingredients to help the food. they have plenty of options, omelets,french toast,pancakes,tacos,ribs,prime rib,chicken,fried rice(not that great),mac n.chs(tastes good, not great),pizza,salads,fruits, and dessetts that were okay. i expected to have an omelet,french toast and some cuts of meat and chicken since it was brunch and top it off with a great cheesecake, but it wasnt d case. I haven't disc,overed that awesome buffet hete in d usa, but over seas i have found great tasting buffets that leave u wanting more. so if u really enjoy a good dish go to a sit down restaurant and u will get a much better meal and for less$$.my total was $38 sunday brunch.  service was good, cant complain
Surprisingly I wasn't a fan. Maybe because I was semi-hungover and most of the food didn't appeal to me, or maybe because everything looked better than it tasted. . It was about $30 for the lunch time buffet. . . The presentation of all the food looked amazing, especially the desserts. I literally tried all the desserts. However, the taste wasn't quite there. The most satisfying was the gelato they had. Yum :). . I personally like the other Vegas buffets better. Maybe I'll come back for dinner sometime. We'll see.
We had brunch and I thought it was a great way to end a Vegas weekend since we practically starved the entire weekend. A buffet was just what we all needed. There was a good variety of food. You had the American section, Asian, Mexcian, Italian etc.. Great selection of desserts. Go for the gelato! The chocolate covered strawberries were huge but they could have laid off on the chocolate a little. Way too much chocolate (never thought I would complain about that). Overall the food was ok and the service was on par. I'm not a fan of buffet but this was ok.
Wicked Spoon seems to be one of the cheaper alternatives as far as buffets go. I'd give it 3.5 stars. They offer a pretty diverse selection of foods, and for an additional $8 on top of the $29 rate for brunch, you can also get unlimited mimosas! Heyyyyy! (:. . The food itself was mediocre, nothing really stood out to me. I did appreciate how many of the dishes were presented in smaller portions. This allowed me to literally try a little bit of everything, without feeling bad about wasting it if I didn't like it. . . I was pretty impressed with the dessert selection, having such a huge sweet tooth. A full gelato station, chocolate covered strawberries and marshmallows, cookies, mini cakes and pastries, and so forth, all presented so beautifully! I felt bad eating them because they were so pretty! . . Our server was very friendly and attentive, making conversation with us throughout our meal and quickly clearing our tables and coming back with more mimosas.
On my to-do list for Vegas, eating at one of the highly-recommended buffets was a must.  Since we stayed at the Cosmopolitan,  that was the buffet we decided to try. I must say that the buffet is definitely a lot better than buffets I've experienced back home; however, it didn't exceed my expectations. I might have either expected too much or it just wasn't that great. They had a dessert section, but there wasn't anything spectacular- chocolate-dipped strawberries, gelatos, cookies, etc.. I was expecting tiramisu, cheesecakes, pudding, macarons, etc.. What a downer. . . The food selection was OK. They had a ton of salads to choose from- but who goes to a buffet to eat salads? They also tried to be diverse by having Chinese and Japanese dishes (BBQ pork, sushi..) but we all know that non-Asian places never serve great Asian dishes. Their pasta dishes were pretty good, but it's not worth the price we paid.  I heard the buffet at the Wynn was better and wished I had tried that instead but after this disappointment, I avoided all buffets.
**Price**.        - $22.00 Brunch Mon-Fri 8am-2pm.        - $29.00 Weekend Brunch Sat-Sun 8am-3pm.        - $35.00 Dinner 5pm-9pm. **Thoughts**.        - Crab Legs (Dinner Only) - Warm crab legs next to the prime rib. A bit dry since they're just sitting in a pile..        - Shrimp - There were cocktail shrimps in mini cups (2 per). However, this also made the shrimps rather dry. It was amusing to see some people grabbing 8 little cups and loading up their plates..        - Carving Meats - They have prime rib, huge beef ribs, and bone marrow. First time I ever had bone marrow. It was interesting. Everything else, it wasn't bad nor was it great..        - Mini Pots - A good portion of their buffet selection is served in mini pots or mini frier trays. While the presentation is unique, this also makes them a little dry and not as hot as it should be..        - Atypical - They have unique foods like "Cavetelli With Roasted Chicken and Sun-dried Tomatoes(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=xiR7vw2PipY9vyyS9sTbIw)" and "Asiago Stuffed Gnocchi With Asparagus and Tomato Butter(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=vbE5zidz4UaMEYMFhQkmDQ)." Instead of just plain rice, they have "Wild Rice With Figs, Cranberries, and Smoked Almonds.".        - Tastiness - Though their foods were definitely different, the yummy factor just wasn't hitting it for me. I was disappointed the taste did not live up to the aristocratic names.. **Recommendations**.        - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for an interesting experience. However, if it's taste you're after, I'd go elsewhere.
My experience at the Wicked Spoon was mostly good, punctuated by a few moments of amazement.  While it's definitely one of the best buffets I've been to, I'm still not sure it justifies the $50 price tag.  Overall, everything I tried was good, but there were a few items that stood out as excellent...  The first was the steak & grilled onion mini-sandwich, which I devoured before even getting back to my table.  (This was probably due to the 2.5 hour wait in line on Thanksgiving.)  Another high point was the tortellini-like pasta, with a fantastic tomato cream sauce.  Finally, the caramel candy bar ice cream was the pinnacle of the impressive dessert selection.  Though not one of the mind-blowingly good moments, I did appreciate the made to order mac 'n' cheese bar.  With mix-ins like ham and shrimp, you can't go wrong.  For 10 bucks less, (and a shorter line) this would easily be a 4 star buffet.  If everything was executed as perfectly as the highlights mentioned above, it'd be a 5.
When this place first opened, they had a much wider selection of good quality food.  It was my favorite buffet for the full 5 months that I went religiously, it didn't help living in Vegas.  I left Vegas for 3 months and just recently went back to Wicked Spoon to enjoy that delicious cheesecake fruit tart that I ABSOLUTELY LOVE .. and was so disappointed with all the other food options.  The only few things that have stayed the same and is still of great quality is the prime rib and dessert station (although the dessert station is missing a few great items they use to have).  But that cheesecake fruit tart is still SOOOO delicious :)
Let's start with the name. It's trying way too hard. Wicked Spoon? At the Cosmopolitan? Trying tooooo hard. Like, whatever (that's what I imagine people who read Cosmopolitan to say at least fourteen times per hour).. . After waiting in line for over an hour (after being told that this is, by far, the best buffet in Vegas), we finally got seated. I was a bit annoyed, because I noticed that there were a TON of tables, cleaned off and ready to go, but they still weren't seating parties. Methinks this is some kind of cheap attempt tomake people wait a really long time so that they run out of buffet time and have to leave early in order to follow through on their other plans. . . Still, buffet's a buffet and I can't expect some perfectly-tailored experience... But I don't think it's too much to expect really good food. Some of the stuff was pretty good. And by "some of the stuff", I mean just the mac and cheese and the sausage. Everything else? About what you'd expect at any other buffet. Uninspired "Asian" dishes, decent desserts, downright nasty pork and turkey options, and various filler pastas and breads that (of course) turned out to be the tastiest. . . Is it worth the $30/person you pay at lunch? Well, yes. Service was friendly, the place was clean, and it didn't feel hectic and disgusting everywhere.  . . Is it worth the $30 and the WAIT? No way. Like, whatever.
This was the place we decided to smack our fat asses down for THE Thanksgiving dinner.  We had no idea how long the wait was.  Our journey started at 4pm from our hotel (we walked 1mi there), and ended around 9:30.  All this time, I was wearing heels.  I had to eventually take them off while standing in line sipping on some rum and coke from a water bottle.  There were two line.  One major one that wraps around the place.  This was the paying line.  Then there is another minor line inside.  This was the seating one.  . . Anyways, for $50 you get a choice of red, white, or champagne plus the large amount of grub choices.  The craving area had prime rib, turkey leg, turkey breast, and bone marrow.  There were shrimps/prawns in a sweet sauce and crab legs which were cut in half and drenched in butter.  The prawn was good but after removing the shell, it was too much work and not enough flavor.  The crab legs were easy to remove but too dry.  The sushiarea definitely needs work.  There was like three selections: cali roll, spicy tuna, and tempera shrimp.  Geez, either improve or just get rid of them.  If there is one thing I hate at buffets, it's fillers!  Other side things were all decent.  The dessert was typical-- just like other nicer buffets.  I liked the bottle of water per table but keep that stuff coming man!
Food was a variety and it was just OKAY! . Sucks because the reviews were so mixed about here. what I didn't like is they don't have a childs price so we paid for an adult for our 6 year old!
Came here on a Sunday night for dinner.  I LOVED walking through the Cosmo hotel, it is so shiny and glittery :)  The restaurant is beautiful and spacious.  Everyone working there was really friendly and our waitress was outstanding- super nice and attentive.. . The food was a bit of a disappointment.  Don't go here if you want a variety of Asian food- the sushi selection was lacking, there were only 2 types of rolls and they are tiny and not well made. The delicious looking fried chicken tasted off and was inedible.  Most items that should have been hot were lukewarm. The only two stand out items were the mac and cheese station and the pretzel roll (really good!!).. . People seem to rave about the desserts, and although they are so cute and pretty, there wasn't as much selection as I had hoped and all the little cakes started to taste the same after awhile.  I did make a couple trips to try all the flavors of yummy gelato though!. . I probably would not come back.
This is really a 3.5 spot, but not quite a 4. I came on Friday and the line was ridiculous! So my friends came back on Sunday instead, no line. . . I feel like because it was a Sunday, they skimped out on the variety of food selections. I was a bit disappointed with the range of what's available. There should've been more food! I was really REALLY surprised to see bone marrow though. I thought it'd be fabulous but it was too fatty for me. I felt my arteries clog up as I was swallowing it.. . Dessert was good. Not great. Pretty though.. . All you can drink wine can be added for $7. It's really not the best wine out there, reasonable since it's only $7. HOWEVER, all 3 of my friends that had the red wine ended up with stained lips, teeth and tongue for the rest of the night. VERY NOTICABLE. Gross.
Normally during Thanksgiving my mom and I go over to my sister and Tom's place to have dinner.  This year my sister wanted to mix it up a bit.  They really wanted to go to Mexico, but it's peak season there so cost was an issue and the whole beheading tourist thing was not optimal.  Viva Las Vegas!!!. . Service - 5 Stars. Cleanliness - Excellent. Price - $40.00/person for dinner.. Seafood - Yes, mussels, shrimp, crab, fish. Meats - Yes, chicken, pork, beef, turkey. Vegetables - Yes, salads.. Dessert - Pastries, gelato, cookies, etc.. Fruits - Yes. Other - (1) Located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel, (2) Cash and Credit Cards are accepted here.  (3)  Be prepared to wait so I recommend coming early.. . Buffet Summary:. . The Meats - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 stars) - I tried the lamb, prime rib, turkey, and bone marrow.  The lamb was excellent--very moist, tender, and flavorful.  The prime rib was really good too--perfectly cooked.  I really liked that they liberally let you have as much horseradish as you want since I love to slather my meat with the stuff.  The turkey is pretty standard and is good with cranberry sauce.  The unfortunate thing is that is cranberry sauce was extremely light and did not add much sweet & tangy to the white meat.  The bone marrow was the least to be desired--extremely oily and felt I was eating fat leftovers.. . The Seafood - A-Okay (3 Stars) - I had cod, shrimp cocktails, Cajun shrimp, crab legs, mussels, and sushi.  My favorite is the shrimp cocktail and mussels.  The shrimp were all a nicely sized even though there was only 2 per cup.  Shrimp tasted perfectly with the cocktail sauce--perfect amount of sauce per shrimp as well.  It is the morning afterwards and I wish I had another plate of mussels.  What is great about this dish?  It's all about bacon bits.  I'm not talking about bacon bits from the bottle.  I'm talking about bits that you could fling and take out somebody's eye.  Every bit of the mussels were tender and the pairing with the fatty and moist bacon got me all shooked up.  FYI - the sushi section is quite embarrassing.. . The Dessert - A-Okay (3 Stars) - My soon to be brother in law said "The dessert section looks dangerous."  If most of you know me, I do not have a sweet tooth--sweets ARE dangerous to me.  However, maybe it was the desert (or dessert) air that made me want some sweets.  Amongst the cheesecakes, cookies, chocolate covered strawberries, and pastries ... I chose the gelato.  I chose mango, biscotti, tiramisu gelato.  The server gave me three medium jawbreaker sized scoops per flavor.  The biscotti and tiramisu were good.  The mango had the taste and consistency of mango.  The sweet fix was over.. . I'm a season veteran to the buffet league and after a while everything seems homogenous.  Wicked Spoon does have several appeals though--sexy ambiance, free flowing water, and tapa-style individual portions.  The un-appeal is the wait--it took us +1 hour to get in.  Whichevers, it was Thanksgiving Day so I guess that is expected.  Wicked Spoon is A-Okay.  Happy Thanksgiving Yelpers!!  I've finally made it to 100 reviews.
I was expecting alot from this place. Ate here for brunch on aSunday, it was about $30/pp. We waited in line for about 30 minutes which is average. The place itself is trendy and is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel which is also very trendy. One of my gripes is they didn't have any fruit. I love having fruit for breakfast but it was absent here. I found the food to be average, nothing to rave about. Yes, some of the food comes in small bowls, but it just didn't wow me on the taste factor. What it does having going for it is the dessert bar, they have gelato which was pretty good. The hotel was located close to Aria which is where I was staying so it was convenient, but I wouldn't visit again.
Went for brunch the French toast had good flavor was hard around the edges guess it had been sitting the fontina cheese pizza was good boyfriend said the shrimp cocktail the guy at the omelet station was kinda of rude (no tip his bad) the gelato & chocolate covered strawberries were good too the place is just ok they don't have much a selection the dessert was good though oh and the chicken sausage
Walked over here from Planet Hollywood to check-off the necessary buffet lunch for our Vegas weekend.  The line was looooong.  You have to first wait in a line to pay, and then in a line to be seated.  We waited about 45 minutes to pay.  And SURPRISE, they could seat our party of 8 right away!  Yay!  Almost $50 for the lunch buffet with bottomless champagne, mimosas, and bloody mary's, including tip.. . Best selections: Mussels, macaroni and cheese, fresh berries, sweet potato/pork hash, shrimp cocktail. . Not so great selections: Sushi (but I guess I shouldn't have expected...), seaweed salad (bland and flavorless), my cut of prime rib (mine was tough, but my friends' liked theirs). ...and speaking of not-so-great stuff... No creme brulee :-(  I missed my Paris buffed creme brulee selection.. . The other thing that made this buffet a 3 star, was our freakin waiter.  Oh my goodness.  5 of us had the bottomless drinks, but he was SO slow, would only bring back half of our drink order at a time, favored other tables over us, and was extremely forgetful.  We wanted our tip back.. . I did enjoy the champagne.  The bloody mary's were just okay.  A little strange tasting.  I think I had 5ish drinks, so I definitely tried to get my money's worth in that way.. . But the ambiance, space, and cleanliness is good (except for one of the bathrooms - my friend said it was nasty, so I didn't go in it).  Paris buffet is still my favorite.
Before I found out about Studio B buffet...I thought the Wicked Spoon was one of the best buffets offered in Vegas.  . . Located in the modern chic Comso hotel/casino....the Wicked Spoon is a great buffet.  Its not awesome..but it is great.. The one thing that kind of sets this buffet apart from other buffets is that the serving style are mini plates just enough for one person.  This eliminated the urge to pile all the food on the plate (even though there are unlimited trips to the food stations) and also helped the waste of food.. Like all buffets there is a huge selection of cuisines.. We were given 1 complimentary mimosa....but only 1.    More than one means you have to pay!  . Overall it was a nice buffet.
I thought it was good.  I'd recommend a visit there to other people.  I loved the amount of selection of food.  So I guess my favorite part was being able to try many different types of ok food.  Nothing was really gross...accept the salmon I tried but I spend alot of time in Alaska so I'm used to not liking the fish at restaurants.  I don't remember anything really standing out to me as "wow that was freakin good".  One thing that needs improvement in my opinion is the chefs running the food need to smile a little more, it seems like everytime I took a piece of food it was like "crap now I gotta make another one of those."  Not everyone was bad but I just didn't feel very welcomed.  The only really bad one was the Gelato guy that night he seemed pretty grumpy.  When I asked for two scoops he looked like he wanted to throw it in my face. . . Overall I liked it and I'd go there again....it was a good experience and I left with an overfilled belly.
When it comes to decor and being a Vegas style eatery, this place does it's job. The plates are served in their own individual platters and cute pots. For the most part everything looks beautiful but tastes pretty average. I did appreciate that it had some international flare - pots of Chicken Adobo and some pretty great Chinese style pork. The fact that they even had a Mac and Cheese bar won a star in my personal book. . . But overall, some of the comments from myself and those in my party were that the taste of the food was not anything to brag about. Great place to stuff your face with some great meats but there are a couple dishes that did not appeal to the senses as much. For example, a cauliflower bake that I tried was extremely watery on the bottom and almost made me want to gag. Some of the desserts looked simply beautiful and I loved the chocolate covered strawberries - but some of the other dessert shooters just lacked taste. . . Our waitress was wonderful, except for the fact that our coca-colas were more like ice/water colas, we laughed at how much ice was poured and were forgotten about a bit towards the end as they were closing shop. . . This place definitely tries to match the wonder of the Cosmo, but falls a bit short with taste!
A better than average buffet. Food is served in small single serving plates that are often visually interesting. The restaurant itself actually looks like a higher end contemporary restaurant. Food was pretty good but still not "order off the menu" quality. I'd recommend it if you're nearby.
Wicked Spoon is indeed Wicked! . She pulled us in with her outstanding, beyond delicious, out of the world dinner, only to crush our spirits, abuse us, and kick us out the door with her Brunch. . Dinner Saturday night was AMAZING! Our server was so attentive, the food was delicious and we couldn't get enough! The stars of the show were the Prime Rib sandwich, the mac & cheese bar and the gingerbread gelato. 5 STARS! . On our way out of the Cosmopolitan I was awarded a free brunch for the next day, which I considered a tremendous blessing. . We returned for brunch only to find an hour long line, followed by another hour long line, followed by the WORST service in the world and food that we swear had been sitting in the bins since we had left the night before! The star of that show was the gelato scooper from the night before and his winning smile. Our server was so rude and  he completely ruined our experience. . The only advice I can offer is that if you go and there is a long line for brunch, to have half your party wait in the paying line and the other half wait in the "waiting to get a table" line. It will cut your time in half, and you will look incredibly rude. Welcome to Vegas. Enjoy your spaghetti.
I really want to give this a better review but I can't. The wait was 1h30min. I get it, the food is good and it's a buffet, lines are expected. I am ok with the wait. But we paid extra for the unlimited drinks package. Once we were finally seated, it took another 30 mins, yes 30 minutes, just to meet our server. Then another 20 mins to get drinks. So we are now 2h20min into the afternoon before getting our beverages. Fine, maybe service improves? not really. each time we wanted our table cleaned or a fresh round of drinks, we had to wait 15-20 mins. This seems really extreme. The food was pretty good. They had some very good dishes and some interesting twists that were delicious, mac n cheese with linguica was awesome. The desserts were subpar. They have so much variety but I couldn't find one that was even average. I almost chipped my tooth on a cookie, it was that stale. Kind of hard to believe until you experience it first hand. . . Either way, for $40 I would have been much better off going to a really nice restaurant. I could have got a great meal, a drink or two, but with top notch service and would have saved 2 hours time.
I wasn't overly impressed. No crab legs, no fresh sashimi, clams that were shut tight... Their prime rib was delicious... bbq chicken w/ cornbread had a kick to it which was a nice surprise, chinese chicken salad was nothing to brag about, dessert was okay- looked better than it tasted. The dishes are plated nicely on these minature pans with handles for you to grab. The decor was fancy and the place was nicely lit. Wait wasn't too bad for a Saturday. Overall, I would say I like prefer the Wynn much better than this place. The location of this buffet was hard to find to... kind of tucked away from civilization. Wicked name though!
Im in Vegas, of course im getting it in ... my tummy! ;]. . I heard from many people that this was the best buffet in vegas now--but i beg to differ. It wasnt bad (hence the three stars), but it wasnt great! We got there when the line first started to form for the dinner buffet. We waited in a line of maybe 20 minutes, which wasnt too bad. The layout for the buffet line was not bad, they had some great entrees that looked rather gourmet in their fancy shmancy little pans. What a nice touch! However, much of the food was not memorable enough for me to say that I NEED to go back. The food was good, but I wouldnt say great.
So I've heard a lot of rave about this place...and it's time to find out why....so bf and I decided to try it but we got there pretty late...almost 2pm and we got there at 1:30pm and there was a pretty long line....we thought we would be waiting two hours but it wasn't that bad after all...30 minutes tops. $23 bucks for brunch...and we just made it before they switched to dinner prices at 4pm which is $35....so we got seated around 3pm...and stayed there for like 2 hours... . So what's the rave about? Pretty good selection of dishes and I think the most appealing thing about this buffet is that they served almost everything on mini dishes so you could grab and move on instead of having to scoop it onto your plate...which takes up more time and when you have hungry ppl you want them to move quick. . . I really liked their smoked sausage mac & cheese, their cocktail shrimp, the buttersquash ravioli and one dish called the dirty rice...which was pretty tasty. Stay away from the green curry clams because I scooped up a bunch of empty shells.-_-". . They dessert selection was also pretty awesome.... miniature scoops of gelato of your choice...different miniature desserts but I would definitely stay away from the chocolate covered strawberries....they were pretty bad...the strawberries were sour and when you bite into the strawberry the chocolate breaks apart because it's so hard.. . I would give this buffet a 3stars and half....not quite on my top list yet...hah Kinda over-rated if you ask me but hey for $23 bucks for brunch it's pretty good...and you get a free alcoholic drink for each person in the party....not that that appeals to me since I don't drink but for those that do I would think it's a plus. =) my bf had his mimosa and mine...lol. . Would come back again...located in the Cosmopolitan hotel...which btw is a pretty blinged-up, glitzy hotel..lol
The food is good but not great, took us 3 hours to finally get seated.  The service was good but the food choice was very poor.. . probably will not consider to go back to this one again.. . If it is your first time, it is worth to try.
I visited Wicked Spoon 2x this year. Once in August for Sunday Brunch and once for the Monday brunch after Christmas. From what I remember, the Sunday brunch in August was SO much better than the Monday Brunch.  I understand that weekend brunches is when they have better food (and thus higher prices) but we were charged for a "holiday" price and it was not to the standards of a normal Sunday brunch but cost like $10 more! HMPH. . . The good: I think it's really cute that they put some of their entrees in mini pots and pans pre-portioned. And their mini macaroons are super cute! There were lots of gelato flavors and the guy scooping it was funny/quirky. Their smoked salmon was really good too. . . Things to improve on: they need to expand their salad bar and cut more fruit.. Make smaller portions of the pancakes? I felt bad cutting the pancake and taking only a quarter because I knew no one was going to get my sad leftovers. . Coffee was horrible.  I couldnt drink more than a few gulps. . Waiter services was pretty slow. We were left with empty drinks for quite a while until we saw our waiter again. . . Line wasn't too bad ~1 hr.
I really wanted to go to wicked spoon because of all the hype behind it and it is in the Cosmopolitan!  We got there around 1pm and waited for 30 min...They stop serving at 3pm, and we didn't expect that, so be sure to get there early so you can get your money's worthof buffet food!. . This buffet was ok... The entrees all looked really good, but the taste didn't match up.  I tried almost everything, they had pretty good variety with the different cuisines.  My favorites were the lamb and the smoked salmon.  The dessert buffet is prety much amazing!  There is so much stuff to choose from!  A full gelato "bar" where you get served scoops of it!  The chocolate strawberries were really good, especially the english toffee ones, be sure to choose the good ones!. . I think the Bellagio buffet is still the top in my list.
I really wanted to give this place 3.5 stars but since Yelp doesn't let us give half-stars, I decided to round down to 3 stars. . . Anywhoo, oh man, is the line for dinner here freakishly long. And I mean 1.5-hr-wait long. Stretch out your gams cause I was in pain after that wait. Thank goodness there was a pot of gold at the end of that wait. Er rather, several tiny pots of gold. . . My favs:. . 1. Steamed crab legs. 2. Bone marrow. 3. Short rib risotto w/ gorgonzola cheese (ohmygosh, so good). 4. Truffle roasted red potatoes. 5. Seared snapper . . Could've skipped:. . 1. Mac and cheese (it KILLS me to say this but my mac-and-cheese really wasn't THAT great). 2. Wild mushroom polenta (wasn't the biggest fan). 3. Molten chocolate cake (... that wasn't so molten). 4. Prime rib (a bit dry -- the one at the Buffet at the Wynn was much better). . Given the wait and the price for dinner here, I'm not sure that I'd come back here on any return trips to Vegas. On the plus side, if you do go, you come out full and with a ton of cute pics of their beautifully presented food (I'm nothing if not a sucker for cute packaging!).
2stars for the wait, 3stars for food, 4stars for the price. It was like 25$ to go for brunch and the food was ok. Nothing too impressive for for $25 I was happy. I would rather pay double and get food quality that's twice as good so hopefully I'll do that next time somewhere else.
Hip/modern decor with great people watching. Moderately priced but with moderate food quality. (I was soooo excited about the bone marrow; but it was cold and the fat was congealing....no bueno). . Someone definately took a dump in our servers Cheerios; he was in a bad mood and wasn't concerned with letting you know it!. . Great back ground soundtrack (if you are a product of the 80s like me)!  :). . The desserts were top notch though which brought up my overall ranking. Icecream was freshly made and the chocolate covered everything was great!. . Overall; you can do better for buffetts in Vegas!. . Cheers!
I say this every time, but now I mean it: "I'm through with buffets."  Why then do I keep coming back?. . Maybe I just can't shake the lure of quantity, even though I know in my (enlarged) heart, that the old expression, "Jack of all trades, master of none," is basically the rule at these feeding frenzies.. . Buffets are like the Dixie Chicks...at first, you're overwhelmed by numbers, but upon further examination, nothing really looks good close up.. . That being said, as far as buffets go, this one is pretty good.  With nice touches from mini Chinese food take-away containers in the Asian food section, to the cute milk servers for your coffee, Wicked Spoon hits the stage.  But, alas, when you're cooking for 1,000 people an hour, 'love' goes out the window.  Things are generically prepared and generally lacking in seasoning, but that's understandable when trying to appeal to so many varied tastes.. . If you're in your 20's and you and your buddies just threw on your fancy job-interview sweats and sandals to chow down in the waning moments before breakfast turns to lunch, this is the place.  But if you actually enjoy those subtle things like flavor, or of you think a chef preparing your dish the way you like it, is not just a Euro fad, take the advice I gave at the beginning and proudly proclaim, "I'm through with buffets!"
Food was good and selection was different from most other buffetts (duck, lamb, bone marrow, mac and cheese bar), but for some reason they had trouble keeping food on the buffet line.  Went around 530pm and the first trip through the line everything was well stocked.  But each successive trip back had less food available, especiallyat the carving station.. . Most items are also served in mini-pots/plates/bowls.  Which is kinda cool at first, but ends up getting in the way since you can't fit as much on a plate and all the little pots/plates/bowls clutter the table.. . Worth trying but go early so you can try everything.. . Also if your party is 8 or more, they automatically charge 18% gratuity.
I was kind of disappointed with this buffet after so many 4 star reviews. I mean it's just a buffet and they really seemed to be all the same in Vegas, mediocre food at not too expensive price. . . There was really nothing outstanding other than the bone marrow, which was a letdown. Otherwise, king crab legs, prime rib, lamb chop, fish, pasta, salad........... . The only redeeming quality was the dessert bar. Really good ice cream and sorbet., tasty pastries and cakes, chocolate cover strawberries ( which alone can cover the price of the buffet) and a variet of fruits. . . Buffet are all the same in Vegas and this one follows the same recipe. Oh, don't order the "all you can drink wine" option should they offer it, all I could stand was one glass.
2nd visit to the Wicked Spoon wasn't spectacular as the 1st visit. The food was lukewarm at best. I give Wicked Spoon the credit for food presentation but the food didn't taste as fresh. . . Service was consistent as before. Despite falling short of expectation, the buffet still ranks up there with Wynn and Mirage. My hats go off to M buffet overall and Wynn on the strip.
In terms of best buffet on the strip, this buffet is up there. It's not amazing food but the display and environment were. For the food, I like the variety. Out of that variety, the salad were pretty good and chocolate covered strawberries were good but a little too sweet. Everything else was ok and about the same standard from most of the other good buffets. The sushi was American and barely even had fish. Dim sum is a don't try. I'm Asian so I had to criticize that but I don't demand it to be good thou. Overall, the price was expensive for a good buffet if we weren't in Vegas but we were so it was a little pricey, about $35 a person.
The thing one should know about buffets in Vegas is that the best, cleanest ones are the ones that most recently opened. Wicked Spoon is the latest grand buffet, opened in The Cosmopolitan, so I would recommend going if you're looking for a buffet to dine in at Vegas.  I've heard people rave about since it opened last year, especially about their dessert selection; so my friends and I decided to give it a go on our last day in Vegas. Overall, I thought the food selection was mediocre; although their dishes were well-portioned, organized and various. I really enjoyed that most of the food were portioned out into mini steel pots and pans, making the presentation quite appealing for a buffet meal. It also prevented your food selection from forming one congruent blob. . . We visited during a weekday brunch, which is probably why I was a bit disappointed with the food selection (i.e. no king crab legs, lobster). The meat section looked very fulfilling, with the usual roasted lamb, prime rib, pork.  Their roasted personal lamb shanks looked quite juicy and scrumptious. They also had korean barbecue spare ribs, bulgolgi, which were apparently quite good. . . Personally, as a pescetarian, the highlights for me were the:. . -Artisan salad bowls (mini bowls to be exact)-their salads were amazing, crafted with various cheeses, fruits, nuts and homemade dressings (including strawberry balsamic!). -Thai green curry clams . -Classic french mussels. -Baked salmon . -Smoked salmon and caper pizza (their pizza are thin crust, strewn with loads of gourmet cheese and interesting combinations of ingredients). -Gnocchi: gnocchi is definitely not "fancy" food but I was impressed by its homemade texture. -Taco station: pre-made soft shell tacos with 3 different flavors, and a myriad of condiments . -DESSERTS GALORE, which includes huge chocolate covered strawberries, strawberry white chocolate fudge, countless french pastries, red velvet cookies, and most importantly---gelato!. . It could possible that Wicked Spoon was overhyped, because I do not eat meat or went during a weekday lunch...but overall, I thought this buffet wasn't that impressive. I, however, did like the modern decorum of the buffet; it was much more spacious than the other buffets on the stip, and there were little no lines! Also, for 8 dollars more, you have the option of having bottomless mimosas and other fruit cocktails!
Great assortment but the quality of the food was touch and go.  Bacon was terrific for example, as was their homemade Mac and Cheese.  But the korean barbecue was pretty poor.  Ambience is good though and meals include mimosas for brunch.
My party of 10 arrived around 8:00pm on a Tuesday night, we were told there was a 30 minute wait and they closed at 9pm and stopped serving food at 9:15pm.  Luckily, because we had a large party we were able to skip the line and were seated immediately.  If I had to wait in line the rating would have probably dropped to 2 stars because the food honestly was not that great.  . . As other reviews have mentioned, the food is portioned out into individual servings which sounds good in theory but if you're going to give me pots and pans to put on my plate, give me a bigger plate.  The individual servings were too large so I felt like I was wasting a ton of food.  . . The not so good: The snow crab legs were dried out and way too salty.  Most of the dessert was not so good; the macarons were terrible and the chocolate cake was so dry, how can a cake sitting in a liquid sauce be so dry?  Baffling.    . . The good:  The chef working the macaroni and cheese bar was super friendly, she really was awesome.  The truffled risotto and the shrimp with grits were the highlights for me.  The chocolate covered strawberries were big, juicy and delicious.  I also liked the PB&J gelato.  . . I still like the Wynn Buffet better...
3.5 STARS! But I'm rounding down because blehhh it was annoying. . . We were debating between the buffet at the Cosmopolitan or Planet Hollywood. Yelp don't make no lies. Cosmopolitan buffet it is. My group of 8 got there around 5:30 with little to no line! Yayyy! However, they charged us 18% gratuity on top of the $35 cost for the buffet. So we paid about $44 for this place. . . Now if I'm paying that much for the a buffet, I at least expect some decent service. Our hostess took our bill and said they would set up our table. We waited.. and waited.. and waited. No one came back for us for at least 20 minutes. There were obviously open tables everywhere throughout the restaurant, yet we haven't been seated yet. It was ridiculous. We even saw our table set up but no one had come for us. Finally, we had to flag down our hostess and she took us to our table, apologizing that she 'forgot' about us or thought someone had taken care of it. UGHHHHH!. . Even after we sat down, throughout the night, our waiter was kind of inattentive and MIA. We had to flag him down several times to get our drink orders and didn't look so happy to be here. I mean, yeah, we already paid 18% gratuity, but it was just ridiculous... tsk tsk Wicked Spoon. I don't endorse that message. . . But besides the service, the food does save my review. The prime rib was bomb and the assortment of hot dishes were great. I enjoyed the Asian section a lot, per usje. Loved that there was a DIY Mac n Cheese station. Love that cheesiness. My favorite part of the buffet was the dessert bar! 16 flavors of gelato/ice cream, cheesecake, bread pudding, chocolate cake, chocolate-dipped strawberries. The list goes on and on. . . Also, it's quite a walks away from the entrance to the Cosmopolitan on the strip. Just follow the hanging signs and the buffet is located on the second floor of the hotel. There are escalators you take to it. Enjoy the pretty lights and chandeliers as you walk through the hotel!. . Wicked Spoon has some wickedly good food and desserts, but seriously? The service was appalling for a place of this calibur. Maybe next time!
$35 for a weekday dinner. I thought that was a decent deal considering the reviews.... But honestly, its just average here. They have really nice tables, chairs, serving dishes etc... Presentation is great! But the food choices were very small compared to other buffets and the quality of food was just okay.. . The most delicious items there for me were the Crab Legs, Corned Beef and Bourbon Creamed Corn.. . Some disappointing items were the Pho, it just tasted like water... the Prime Rib, which was overcooked and dry... The desserts which had no labels and everything was overly sweet... . . Iono, its not a buffet I would return to. I guess Im still a fan of Rio, M, Bellagio and Wynn over this one...
A decent buffet but I dont think it is as good as M buffet.
The way they give out small individual portions was definitely impressive. It probably saves them a lot of food. I got tons of the shrimp+mashed potatoes. That was my favorite hands down... . Some disappointments were: dried prime rib. I had three pieces and they were all dry. I also got the chicken, which was also a bit dry. But that's expected from chicken..I guess, but I expected more from this place. Crab legs were very average - it didn't stand out me. They also had a cauliflower, which tasted too salty.. . They also made personal mac and cheese - which was again, AVERAGE. I shouldn't expect too much from mac and cheese again. But that's a sign of warning: having lower expectations and giving them the benefit of the doubt.. . I really enjoyed the service though. Our waitress was very attentive and kept refilling our drinks. I was really thirsty so it was great.. . Someone heavily recommended me the gelatos but I was not that impressed by it. It was just regular. Probably made from there freshly but I've had better.. . Overall, it was a bit too pricey for their average-quality food. Presentation was stellar but taste was not. A-OK in my books.
Quality over quantity! This is a huge buffet with lots of options and everything looks delicious, but most of the dishes are lacking in flavor and very under seasoned. I came here for brunch and there was a good mixture of light, breakfast food to heartier dishes like lamb and steak. They had a large section of Asian food including sushi, pho, etc. but the only decent thing is the sushi. Don't even bother with the pho no matter how hungover you are. It's just greasy, hot, under seasoned brother. . . It was also a bit annoying that things weren't better organized. Breakfast food should have been all in one area, but I had to walk back and forth looking for potatoes, bacon, pancakes, etc. because things were mixed in randomly with no cohesiveness.. . Maybe I came on an off day? I may come back especially since the price is appealing (under $30 for brunch).
I'm willing to give Wicked Spoon a second look at dinner or lunch but their brunch was just meh for me. I went for the champagne brunch (unlimited, champagne/mimosas)-the first couple of mimosas we got were made with freshly squeezed orange juice. So good! Once the crowd started to pick up though the fresh OJ stopped which is understandable but kind of a let down.. . The food was ok, nothing to write home about. I enjoyed the shrimp cocktail, mac and cheese with bacon, green bean salad with figs and some kind of Chinese pork. I really like their tapas style serving portions. Yeah, the plates were a little small, but I love a good presentation and I think they do that well here. That's a lot of work for a buffet! They had a pretty limited assortment of cheese and they were sitting under a heat lamp. What? Brie has a really low melting point and I could see it sweating under the glare of the lamp. Kind of unappetizing.. . Our waitress was great! Really friendly and personable. She was quick to clear plates and bring refills-very on top of it.. . Like I said, I'd come back again, but as a local, this wasn't a high note in my buffet/champagne brunch experiences.
I'm not quite sure why this buffet is as hyped up as it is. Maybe because it's "fairly" new and in the Cosmopolitan? Or maybe we just came on an off day. . . We went on a Saturday and got there around 1pm and waited for about 30 minutes before got seated. They told us that the buffet closed at 3pm and reopened at 5pm...so it was definitely stuff yourself silly time. I don't know if the food was subpar because we came towards the end of lunch and the food was old or the chefs were just getting lazy. The food presentation was excellent if only the taste matched; mostly just bland or dry. The dessert section was probably the best thing they had due to the gelato selection and chocolate covered strawberries. I especially liked the chocolate mousse with passionfruit syrup (I think it was syrup, but it was definitely passionfruit).. . To top it off the service was horrible. I know that it's getting close to their breaks probably in between lunch and dinner time. BUT, that's no excuse to not clean our plates off the table. It got to the point where we couldn't stack any more plates on top of each other at our own table. We had to start stacking plates on some empty table next to us because they were just not cleaning it. Seriously?. . .  I expected so much more out of it this place since it's a very nice casino/hotel.
Wicked Spoon, located in the Cosmopolitan, is definitely hyped up and was a disappointment since it didn't live up to my expectations. It was awesome that we didn't need wait in an hour long line because my friend was an invited guest of the hotel.. . The theme of the buffet is unique in that each item was already portioned in various "spoons" which were pretty much mini pots rather than in pans.. . Everything was a hit or miss and there were a lot of misses.. Hits:. Fried chicken. smoked salmon . Mac n Cheese. Chocolate covered strawberries. Strawberry shortcake. . Misses:. Prime Rib - Bland. Moroccan Chicken - dry. Eggs Benedict - ham was tough. Banh Mi - bland. BBQ pork buns - dry. Cod -overly cooked. Shrimp - impractical. 2 shrimps per mini cup with minimal cocktail sauce. . There were more items but I tried too many to recall all of them.
Great ambience and atmosphere, but the selection and taste of food was really just average.  How is the latter posible you ask?  Well, me and my boys stayed here the entire weekend, and we went to this buffet twice, but both times, the food selection was essentially the same.. . Don't get me wrong - the food is good for buffet food.  However, there is nothing special about it.  The line was also crazy long, and the service a bit less than Vegas-best.. . If you are looking for a good deal for food in the Cosmo, do do the Wicked Spoon.  Just don't come here with tempered expectations.
My high school friends and I came to Vegas during the holidays just cause. After being in Vegas countless times, I wanted to try a new place. The Wynn, Harrah's, Monte Carlo, and other buffets were tiring, and I wanted to try something new.. . One of my friends pointed out the buffet at the Cosmopolitan (a new hotel I hadn't gone to before) was said to be really good and I had heard about this buffet. We decided to trek the extra 0.8 miles and check it out.. . Wicked Spoon ($40) was more expensive than the Wynn Buffet ($38) when we went for the Holiday price, but it certainly isn't the same quality and food selection as the Wynn. It certainly is overhyped and was mostly a disappointment. Don't get me wrong, the food was really great, but there's so many other buffets nearby that deliver at a higher standard with greater value within a half mile radius.. . The only thing I found fascinating were the plates they were serving the food. It was in these metal plates with handles and it certainly set Wicked Spoon apart from other buffets, but it certainly doesn't live up to the hype that was set.
I usually do not go to buffet because low quality foods they make.. Wicked Spoon Buffet was just okay.. Buffet is buffet.
Went here with a larger group.  It was okay, but it wasn't GREAT or something amazing.  I think I probably wouldn't just CHOOSE to go there again.  It's just not worth it.  . . Food:  They have a very large selection and have a lot of food to choose from but it wasn't AMAZING.  There was only one thing that REALLY stood out to me: The pork shoulder.  Let's see what I got...Most of it wasn't too memorable, so it was just OKAY. . Prime rib: not great, kinda dry, not much flavor.  . Pork Shoulder: It was good.  This was probably the only thing that stood out to me.  . Gelato: ehhhh it was normal. Cookies: HARD.  Don't get these... They are very hard.  . . Service was good.  Our waitress was serving us very kindly and she was very nice.  I remember my drink always being full.  . . Other than that, nothing really memorable.  Probably wouldn't come here again for the price.  40 bucks and well, nothing really memorable.
No trip to Vegas would be complete without gluttony, so we settled on this buffet since it was newer and we had heard good things about it. We got  there for brunch on a Sunday and waited 45 minutes; anything longer than that and I would have not been pleased.. . Restaurant itself was beautiful and presentation was cute with the little pots and things like that. Food was decent, but nothing really stood out to me. I was surprised to see a lot of Asian foods, but their version of banh mi really missed the mark with too much of the pork style bun instead of crusty French bread and the thin, bland meat. The sake pork had nice flavor, but was a bit on the dry side. I loved that they had chimichurri for the NY strip though. . . Desserts were wonderful though, with their huge mutant chocolate covered strawberries. Basically, anything with chocolate was really good, but the macaron was the worst one I ever had in my life. I didn't get a chance to try the gelato since I over distended my stomach, but my boyfriend didn't think it was anything spectacular.. . It's kind of hard to compare since I DID go during brunch and most of my other experiences were for dinner, so I know there's less choices. But, even with the heavenly desserts, I don't think this would be a first choice for me.
Nothing special with the food and I wasn't really impressed with the selection either. I think it's pretty standard for a buffet this size to have at least a a pasta station, soup, and more fruits please. . . Overall, food was OK. I was disappointed in the desserts.. . I don't think I would do buffet in Vegas again.
Am I the only one disappointed in this buffet?  The food was good, but definitely NOT worthy of 4/5 stars.   At first, I thought the individual pots were so clever and cute but as I began to eat, I realized all the food was COLD!  It makes me wonder how long they let each dish sit out and how often do they replace them :T  And the king crab legs? utter disapointment! They were extremely dry! The meat would crumble and fall apart before I can remove them from its shell.  They did have a few interesting dishes that I havent seen at most buffets, including BONE MARROW and PHO (but sorry they failed on this as well: they used the wrong noodles and let it sit in a pot of cold soggy water and the broth was tasteless) .  The only thing I would say I loved about this buffet is their dessert bar -- great selection of ice cream, cakes, n cake pops.  This place is only getting 3 stars because of their desesrt bar.
We came here for lunch right after we landed from SFO.  It was noon on December 26, 2011.  The line was ridiculously long.  An hour and a half wait to be exact.  Actually, the wait was deceiving because upon observation, the wait time is only half of what it is actually.  It turns out that after the ridiculously long line to pay, there is another line curved around the register you stand in simply to be seated.  That line, which was invisible earlier, is just as long as the first line!. . My tip is for your party to wait in the second line while one person waits in the cashier line.  This way, by the time you pay, your party is close to the front of the line to be seated:)  BRILLIANT right?. . The food looks amazing.  Most items are in cute little serving dishes so you don't have to scoop them out yourself.  The variety is impressive too.  There is a good mix of food from all sorts of cuisines.  . . Sadly, when you sit down and taste the food that you have been waiting what seemed like eternity to try, it is disappointing.  The dim sum is dry and the har kow has thick skin.  The shrimp cocktail didn't taste that fresh.  The cookies from the dessert bar were hard as rock.  The experience was a serious let down:(  . . I hear the dinner is way better.  Now only if I could convince my boyfriend to give this place another try..... May be tough given so many other choices on the strip.
I am so shocked that this place gets so many positive reviews. I think the aesthetics make people think that the food tastes good. It has a normal wait like other buffets (1hr+). It's beautiful for a buffet (looks like a lounge), but the choice of food options are so minimal and really average in taste for how much it costs. The Wynn buffet by far is WAY better in choices, internationality, and quality. The dessert bar looks amazing also, but again, it's just looks. The chocolate-covered strawberries are good, but you can only eat so many. Are you going to pay over $30 for good dessert?
Ummm....I don't really get the hype.  I had high expectations for this buffet because of all the great reviews here on Yelp but when I came for dinner last month I was actually really disappointed :/ . . I was there on a Saturday night and didn't have to wait too long to be seated.  I was instantly amazed at how beautiful the place looked!  I loved the ambience.  Loved the decor.  Loved the furniture.  It was classy and elegant, yet still simple and modern.  They also serve you this really refreshing water that they leave at your table.  I might have just been kind of hungover from the early morning partying, but I couldn't help thinking to myself, "damn...this is the best f*cking water I've ever had in my life." Lol :x. . Unfortunately I can't say the same for the food.  We got there about 2 hours before closing and it looked like all the food was running out.  Most of the food on my plate was pretty cold and/or dry.  The only thing that was ok to me was their fried rice and the Mac 'n cheese station.  But the thing that disappointed me the most was the dessert.  They weren't as good as they looked, in my opinion.. . But I'll still give this place 3 stars cuz it was my first time and maybe I'll end up here again one day.  It wouldn't be my first choice, but I'd be willing to try it again. Hopefully next time I'll have a better experience.
Don't get what all the rage is about. It's a great buffet... So why the 3 stars. I'm very annoyed w the sushi part. They advertise sushi, but if you are a sushi lover like me a vegetable roll and California roll and shrimp roll does NOT count as sushi. But, I am a food lover and I want to say that the macaroni bar is AMAZING!!! I added shrimp and mozzarella and grilled red peppers!! YUMMY!!!! And my boyfriend probably had 3 or 4 plate full of the crab legs. We loved the deserts as well. It is a great place, just annoyed by the lack of sushi since that was such a big draw. Oh well!! Oh and prime rib is amazing!!!!! Service is okay, our plates stacked up a bit and refills were slow. Deserts were amazing too :-) very satisfied. Anyways, enough of this wishy washy review. I do recommend it, just don't go there for sushi lol!!!
So I've heard a bunch of good things and also bad things about this place. I'd say it's a balance, it depends on what you get. I love their Tacos al Pastor! It was so tasty. Their fish selections are fresh too but I felt like it was a little bland. The cheese macaroni was bland too, it looked good though. They also have short ribs, pork loins, fried chicken and other stuff too. It's decent. The dessert selection, my oh my, so awesome! They have a wide variety of ice cream/sorbet and their cake selections...so yummy. They have choco/white choco dipped-strawberries which was delicious. . FYI: Service was slow.
Went for the Brunch Buffet today.  The regular b'fast stuff was decent, the carved meats looked good but I wanted to try the other stuff.  The oriental stuff was a disappointment.  The sushi had cold hard rice, the pho was meh, the oongee was lukewarm and had no taste.  I tried the slab bacon and it was like a thick slice of ham.  I think the regular bacon is better.,  I did like the polenta with wild mushrooms as well as the mac/cheese.  The desserts wer pretty good - especially the pecan (or whatever type of nut) tart.. . Maybe I'll try the dinner buffet next time if the line is not too long.
#1 buffet? I'm not sure about that. The cuisine experience overall was just average. I thought the fried chicken could have used more flavor and actually be crispy. I thought the KBBQ short ribs could have used more flavor. I thought the al pastor tacos were the worst tacos I've had in awhile. Everyone really seemed to like the desserts but I don't have a sweet tooth. With that said, I'd take the $35 and spend it elsewhere.. . I've had better experiences eating at the Wynn, Mandalay or Bellagio buffet.
The idea was fresh, but the follow-through didn't back it up. Let's not kid ourselves, this place is a B-U-F-F-E-T. And like all buffets, it's all about quantity not quality. With that being said, there are a limited number of things that make this place stand out. 1) Roasted beef bone marrow, however exotic that may sound to a non-foodie, it's a simple thing do, and they do it right. Though, I can't see myself eating more than two 2) Made-to-order Mac & Cheese - homeboy working this station put waaaay to much cheese for my tastes. I was equally turned-off by the fact that they didn't not have lobster available to mix-in to your order; I'm sorry but shrimp just doesn't cut it. 3) Gelato/Sorbets - their selection of sorbets is pretty cool and definitely an upgrade from your run-of-the-mill soft serve ice cream.. . The hook at WS is that they offer "tapa" style entrees. From my experience, all that meant was that they pre-portion out the servings in cute little All-clad single-serving dishes or cute little Chinese takeout boxes. It's like they want you to forget about your high school cafeteria where some old lady with a hair net slams down a sloppy serving of sloppy joes slop sloppy joes on your plate. See: http://youtu.be/iP-dbTvwrYs
As far as Vegas buffet's go, it is among the best.. . That said, do not go here.  You will get a better meal for the price at one of the fine non-buffet restaurants nearby.  Less quantity, sure...but more quality.
I think that this buffet has a good idea/style, but the food doesn't live up to the name of the hotel. . . First of all, I think this hotel has a horrible system because of the fact that they have you pay in one area, and wait to get seated in another. Since you're paying first, you are tipping for service that you haven't received. That was my biggest thing.. . A lot of people have brought up that this buffet provides a lot of choices, Asian, Italian, meat carving, salads, and a mac and cheese bar. They pre portion a lot of the food so theres less waste/people don't over grab the food they are providing. I think it has a really cute idea, but some of the portions are still too big. The quality of the food I would say was just average; I left this place with nothing to rave about.. . The desert is a whole different story. Almost everything is edible! Cups of chocolate inside chocolate mousse with fresh fruit on top. They had a variety of bread pudding, gelato, and different types of pudding and baked goods.The best thing I had was the chocolate covered strawberries ( plain chocolate covered strawberries, chocolate covered strawberries with crushed oreos, and chocolate covered strawberries with toffee). . For the price ($35 for dinner) I was expecting a little more variety (sushi and salads), but it was definitely worth trying.
Las Vegas buffets are pretty dime a dozen these days.  Now with all the different ones and with the "Buffet of Buffets", 24 hours for $44.99, buffets are doing more and more to stand out.  WIcked Spoon in the Cosmopolitan keeps up with the theme of the hotel, a little naughty but in a good way.. . We went for "brunch" on a Friday, which was $22 for the meal with a complimentary mimosa or bloody mary.  We were seated promptly, another first for a popular Las Vegas buffet that I've been to, the line to get in wasn't bad in the first place.  Oranges and red are prevalent in the theme of the restaurant.. . The buffet is plentiful and the variety is great.  The food is across the different cuisines around the world.  Mexican, Chinese, Japanese, American, anything you want in a high end Vegas buffet, you can get.  Because it was "brunch" there were a lot more breakfast foods, the omlette bar and the usual breads and eggs but the "lunch" stuff was still good.  The tri-tip and the bacon at the carving station were highlights for me.  That and the deserts of course but the desert selection didn't seem to match the Wynn buffet which I believe was much better for deserts but also 2x the price of admission.. . -1 star for sometimes cold food, I know its a buffet but if it's been sitting out for awhile, why not throw it out?  Just because it's a buffet, doesn't mean cold food is acceptable. -1 star for ok quality food but not amazing, I might've also overhyped the place due to the reviews I've read and my friends reviews,. . Overall, its still just a buffet.  But rather than spend these prices, why not go to the higher end restaurants around Vegas?  Pay just a little more money for fine dining, great service and greater flavors in smaller portions.  Of course, if you want to pig out, this buffet isn't a bad choice.
I had heard great things about this buffet and given the limited lunch options at The Cosmopolitan I decided to try this out.  I visited during a regular week day and I liked that they were still serving breakfast along with lunch items.  A unique item this buffet had that I rarely see was Kimchi and had a nice selections of Asian cuisine, including Asian slaw.  I loved the variety but the actual flavor wasn't anything outstanding, I had the ribs, orange chicken, Asian slaw, and dumplings, and none of those were left on my plate but I wasn't inspired to go back for seconds.  What I did like most was that the service was great including a carafe of water available at the table and a bathroom location within the buffet.  I do like the decor and high ceilings since you can enjoy your food without having to smell everything combined at once.  I think I need to try this again perhaps for dinner in hopes of a more flavorful experience.
I have now been to Wicked Spoon twice, and my first time was wayyy better than my second time. I will say this, the place has a great set up, and everything looks great. The down side is that that's all that it is. The food looks great, but when you take that first bite the food is eh... I mean there are some great dishes in the buffet but overall, it was just ok. If you decide that you want to test the waters with the restaurant which I would suggest, only because you should try everything at least once. They have an "build your own omelet" station, their mac n' cheese is really good, and selection of meats and cheeses are yummy too. One thing I notice a lot of people do when they go to the buffet is go for Chinese, Korean BBQ, sushi, and pho, DON'T DO THAT! If you are from the San Gabriel Valley.. .go there!! not Wicked Spoon. Plus, the pho smells really good but tastes like water. Hope my review doesn't discourage you to try the food. ENJOY! :]
I went for both brunch and dinner. My first time impression of brunch was Wow, as presentation was excellent. They had macaron at dessert section. It was all about dessert for me since I love dessert...who doesn't?. . However, when I went for dinner recently, my whole impression of this place changed. I do not plan to return for dinner, ever, if anything maybe for brunch if it's suggested. Definitely over rated, over priced for what they offer. It was $35 for dinner and supposed to be gourmet but I couldn't find any item that can be considered gourmet. Almost no seafood (They had mediocre, lack of flavor salmon, cod, crab legs) and their overall selection was not good at all. I couldn't find any single dinner item that I liked. I'd rather spend $35 at somewhere else that eating mediocre food. However, I had at least hopes up for dessert as they left good impression when I went for brunch months ago... and it failed too. Their dessert was not as good as before, lack of flavor, everything was just so sugarly sweet. . . As mentioned not sure if I'd return here. If anything, yea, maybe for brunch........
I'm giving this place more like 3.5 stars. The food selection here isn't as big as other places but the quality of the food is good. It wasn't even packed when we got there at 630 on a Saturday night. I really did like the mac n cheese here but nothing else really stood out in my mind. . . You have to remember I'm Asian though, as long as there's prime rib and crab legs, I'll be happy.
They have delicious mashed potatoes, everything else is mediocre.
Oh, if only the service had been better!. . The food was absolutely outstanding. I'm salivating just thinking about the prime rib, mashed potatoes, pork loin, mac & cheese and pasta. The dessert station was absolute heaven: gelato in a rainbow of flavors, dozens of tarts and pastries and a stellar selection of chocolates and berries. I thought I could easily pass out, I was so full by the end of the meal. . . However, next to where we sat stretched a long, raised banquet-style table. It was dirty and empty for our ENTIRE MEAL. Well over an hour! Dirty cups, plates, silverware, half-empty bottles... All just sitting there, staring at us. No one came to bus it. No one came to clear it. They just left it there. . . Superb food on our plates. Delicate crystal chandeliers hanging overhead. Enthusiastic staff in the kitchens and at the buffets. . . And trash staring at us as we ate.. . I'm sorry, but I expect a bit more pride-of-place in a restaurant that's going to charge me $50 for a meal.
This was my first time at the Wicked Spoon Buffet and I was super excited to see what it was all about. $35 bucks for dinner during the weekend. . . Definitely 5 stars for the decor, ambiance, food presentation and service at this place - it is quite uncommon for a buffet to have individualized portions for their selections of food - mini sized pots...super cute & creative! I was definitely in awe when I saw the decoration and presentation of food from the moment I walked in. . . Like any other buffets, I always browse the selection of food choices one round before preparing my first plate. Everything looked delicious - even something as simple as Cesar  salad was served in small portions. . . However, the food that day was just mediocre so I'd give it a 3.5 stars overall. . . CONS: I expected prime rib like I saw on yelp but it wasn't served that day. Instead, they had the new york steak which was a bit on the dry side and kind of tough to eat. No accompanying sauce was provided to provide the meat any moisture. I also tried the BBQ pork which I did not enjoy, the first bite left a really strong aftertaste...I didn't finish my slice. The Asian portion of the buffet was just okay - nothing you wouldn't find at a typical Chinese restaurant or can make at home! Fried rice, orange chicken, crispy chow mein, and stir fried clams (wasn't a fan of their sauce). The other item from here was the fried frog legs - I personally don't know how this tasted b/c I contemplated on trying it. Sushi selection was limited and simple - California rolls, tempura rolls and a veggie roll. Ohh and DO NOT even try the so called "pho" - they used the wrong noodles & the broth tasted so watered-down. My bowl was left untouched after the first spoonful. . . PROS: Their salad selection and deli section was pretty good. A lot of variety to choose from which was different from other buffets on the strip. I particular enjoyed and remembered the spicy shrimp salad - it was very savory and flavorful. Their dessert selection was very impressive. A lot of sweets to choose from - chocolate covered strawberries, ice cream, petite cakes, cookies, etc. I was looking forward to trying the macacrons but too bad they didn't have it the day I was there. . . Overall, I was full but wasn't fully satisfied after eating here. Maybe my second time here would be a better experience. I wished the food selection was more consistent so that anyone's first experience would be the same. I would come back for a second try when I visit again! . . Gourmet presentation but lacks gourmet food selection. . . Happy Eating =)
I had never been to a Vegas Buffet before and did some extensive research beforehand through Yelp. It seems like Wicked Spoon is the highest rated Buffet in all of Vegas, beating out the Wynn and Bellagio. We arrived promptly at 5pm to avoid waiting in lines. In reality, if you arrive at 5:30pm, you will still not have a line and will not have to wait with all the other early birds.. . Although I thought everything was good, it just didn't meet me expectations. You feel like you are dining in a cafeteria, even though you are paying a pretty high price. There is nothing "gourmet" about the buffet besides the crab legs. Everything else is just your average food options, pizza, rice, some salads, other greasy things. . . I really liked how the food is presented. It is all pre-portioned out for you in cute ramekins. . . The dessert bar is where the "gourmet" plays in. If only the whole meal could be as delicately and thoughtfully prepared as the desserts this would be an easy 5 stars. . . They have a gelato station which was AMAZING; Super creamy and tons of different flavors. Chocolate covered strawberries were GMO at it's finest. Those were some MASSIVE strawberries!. . Would I come back? No. I doubt I will ever do Vegas Buffets again because it doesn't seem worth it for the price point. Especially when all my money is meant for the casinos!
Because there are thousands of reviews on here for one of Las Vegas' newest, most popular buffets in the very ritzy, sparkly, adult-Disneyland-esque Cosmopolitan hotel, I should really just sum up mine in one word: overrated. . . The plush decor and upscale presentation of everything in little individualized pots, pans, and bowls is aesthetically pleasing and adorable and all . . . but not only does the food fall a bit short and only serves itself as average at best, the novelty of that and first awed-impressions at the huge, huge variety of foods being served in different vessels wears off fast when you realize they've been sitting under heat lamps for hours, their contents being dried out. . . Definitely worth a try, if you haven't yet, though - just don't expect the creme de la creme of buffets. On the other hand, the desserts are decent (gelato, mini macarons, and a huge platter of chocolate covered strawberries - yum). . Though, I may mostly be disgruntled that I couldn't be as much of a fatty as I wanted to be when arriving to dine here thirty minutes before they were shutting down their food service and felt/looked like a dumb ass having to run back and forth to my table numerous times because their plates could only fill all of 2-3 pots/items at once. Whatever, first world problems are still problems.
I wanted to try this buffet, but had decided not to based on the mixed reviews. Then I won a complimentary buffet through spinning the wheel at the Cosmopolitan. The husband didn't want to spend $22 to eat breakfast, so I went and ate there by myself the morning we were leaving, because hey, I'm not going to turn down free food at a place I kind of wanted to try.. . I got there at about 8:30am on a Wednesday morning and there wasn't a line. I was promptly seated by a pleasant hostess, who said my server would be with me in a couple of minutes. I waited...and waited...and waited. Finally she came back and said he would be a couple more minutes and would I like some coffee or orange juice? I said yes to the orange juice and she brought it back. I continued to wait for the server, as I wanted to order something else to drink. After about 5 more minutes of waiting, I got sick of it and decided to get some food. A few minutes after getting back to my seat, he finally came over to take my drink order. I believe the buffet was supposed to have included a glass of champagne, a mimosa, or bloody mary, but this was never offered to me, and I didn't see that on my receipt until the end of my meal. Oh well.. . As for the food, some hits and some misses. There were some inventive/unique items, which is always nice to see. They had some delicious chicken apple sausage, which I really enjoyed. I was so excited to see salted caramel pancakes, but they were not good at all, unfortunately. I had some gelato (yes, I know it was early, but it looked good), and it was delicious. Also had a mini strawberry smoothie which was very refreshing. I had some other stuff too, but I don't remember what it was.. . Overall, this buffet had some high points and low points...I didn't mind the lack of service TOO terribly since I didn't pay for the buffet, but I would have been pretty annoyed if I had. I am not sure if I would go back or not.
Im a little confused with this place. When the Cosmopolitan just opened at first, I went there and I absolutely LOVED IT...there were so many choices, and everything looked "gourmet" and it was like every dish was thought of and prepared carefully....but the second time I went, I was disappointed...It was just different, there were many things I did not like, and it seemed the buffet had grown "smaller"...I dont really like buffets in general, but i had heard so much about the over the top buffet at the Cosmo that I went....first time = great, second ( like a few months later = not so much)....the dessert section LOOKS yummier than it actually is....the sweets are beautiful to look at :) I guess it is worth going at least once!
I may have had too high expectations for this place, or maybe I didnt realize how much the menu changes day to day.  After reading these reviews and looking at the pictures I was beyond excited to go here.  We went on a Sunday night around 6:30 and waited in line about 30 minutes.  It was due to shortage of staff though, not the amount of people there.. . I had many things I was looking forward too and sadly most of them were not offered on Sunday nights.  There was plenty of options but I had my heart set on a few items that were not available.  The presentation is the best part of this buffet.  It is absolutely adorable.  Everythingwas prepared with such effort, you could just tell.. . Some of my favorite items include: lobster ravioli, Chinese noodle salad, cioppino, and the salty peanut gelato.  My least favorite were the dried up Chinese dishes and the crab legs.  Def do not go here for the crab legs, they were small and not very tasty.. . I doubt I will come back, while it was reasonably priced there are just too many other places in Vegas!
I went back this weekend with a group of friends. Again in terms of flavor I think this place is a lot better than other buffets in Vegas, but it wasn't as special as I remember.  . . However, if you are like me... My review doesn't matter because I like to eat and try new things all time. So, JUST DO IT!!!
Came here for brunch on a weekend and surprisingly not that long of a wait. . . Unfortunately the food was disappointing. LOTS of options from pho to omelets, but the saying "less is more" definitely applies to this situation. Instead of offering a ridiculous amount of flavorless food, the kitchen should eliminate some dishes and focus on making the food taste better. I literally had a bite of everything and the only things I enjoyed were the lox bagels (unless the salmon is bad you really can't go wrong with this) and a few desserts.
Overall this place looks really nice, great customer service too. However, food selection is not as good as bellagio, I would prefer to back to the bellagio buffet
The presentation is quite adorable. Things come in portion sized pots, almost the size of kid sized toys. For the price it is a decent buffet. However, there weren't too many options that interested me for lunch. Few things that stood out for me:. . Angry Mac n Cheese - It has a hint of a spicy flavoring and not ridiculously cheesy. . . Gelato (Salted Caramel Peanut Butter, Blood Orange, and Mango) - You can get these in a waffle cone if you like or just get them in a small bowl. They even serve it in a smaller scoop so you can try more flavors. .  - Salted Caramel is nice and sweet. The peanut butter was not overpowering. .  - Blood Orange is tangy, but bitter at the same time. Reminds me of a grapefruit..  - Mango is delicious. It taste like real mangoes and doesn't taste artificial at all.
For about $29, you achieve access to a buffet of deliciousness. For around $40, you get the golden ticket along with unlimited bloody marys or mimosas!. . Came here last Saturday around 12:30 p.m. and waited an hour. First, you line up to pay; then, you line up for someone to bring you to your table. The good part about this is that you don't have to fight for a table.. . I'm not one to obsess over buffets, because I get entirely too full to truly qualify the food. It's like waking up with a hangover and trying to remember the best drink you had. Or maybe this just goes to show that Wicked Spoon was not truly memorable. Either way, the food was like traditional American food with a more delicious twist.. . PROS:. . *Omelet made fresh to order! The chef stuffed that thing with all the veggies and sausage, then layered cheese and avocado on top. Boy was that thing a meal in itself!. . *Angry Mac & Cheese: Your traditional mac and cheese with a fancy twist. It had a crunch to it, though I was not sure what ingredients they used.. . *Dessert! The strawberries dipped in chocolate and oreos were sooo rich, in a good way. Plus, you normally pay $4 for one alone, so this was a steal!. . *Food explanations: A TV screen flashes the different foods you can pick along with a description. It sure provides knowledge of what you're getting into!. . CONS:. . *The wait time. 1 hour on a Saturday? Should be expected, but still, I had to run over to Va Bene Caffe to suppress my angry tummy.. . IN SUM:. . Visit here, because everyone talks about it and you might as well try it yourself. It's a good buffet, though there was nothing I particularly fell in love with, but I'll come back for dinner to try their mac & cheese bar.
Although not generally a big fan of buffets I was a bit intrigued by the seeming 'competition' between Wicked Spoon, Bellagio, and Wynn for having the 'best buffet on the Strip'.  Ratings for all three seemed pretty similar, with each one having people who insisted it was the best of the three no matter what others say.  I'm pretty sure I am not going to visit all three buffets on this trip because I just am not that big on buffets, but I figured I would visit the closest one to my hotel, which was Wicked Spoon.  (Close being relative, it took 45 minutes from my room at the MGM Grand to walk there).  . . My verdict - it has a few gems, but I would still far rather eat at a nice regular restaurant because the average of all the items was 'decent', not 'great'.  This was at breakfast, there assuredly is a different selection later in the day, but overall I do not have high hopes that the quality was better then.. . Here's what I tried, from what I can remember -. . Very good:. Gelato (the Almond Joy is as good as people say). . Good:. Goat cheese ravioli (this one has mixed reviews, but I liked it). Spicy crab roll (not the best I've had but it had nice flavor, I must have gotten a fresh one). Cheesy hash browns. . Mediocre:. Angry mac 'n' cheese (bland and too milky). Spaghetti (bland). Kalbi (too tough, and the sauce had the totally wrong flavor). homemade italian sausage (too greasy). puffy pastry with fruit and cream on it (the fruit and cream was good, the pastry itself tasted stale-ish). Belgian waffle with amaretto ricotta(?) -- sounded a lot better than it tasted. . Bad:. Fried rice on the chinese buffet - took one bite and decided it wasn't worth it.. . Stuff I didn't try because it looked icky - mainly the pizza and other Chinese selections. . I never got a piece of prime rib because it was always being cooked, and I didn't have time to wait (or got full before it was done).  . . The server never refilled my soda, but there was a nice bottle of water on the table so I wouldn't have gone thirsty.  . . So as I said before, it wasn't horrible, but it really isn't great and if you can afford it your dollars are better spent at one of the many nice sit-down places in town.  If Bellagio and Wynn buffets are of similar quality, I doubt I'm missing much there either.  In retrospect, I think I actually preferred the buffet in the north side of town that I reviewed the other day, that was $9.99 and not pretentiously fancy.
This place was OK they have a wide range of desserts but the food was lacking. I felt like they didn't offer a variety like most buffets do. The food was very very mediocre nothing special standing out. They had food there that you could find everywhere else.. . However the dessert was heavenly, there are huge chocolate covered strawberries and other desserts that are ascetically pleasing and also delicious.
I was seriously thinking about giving this place two stars but my husband reminded me that the price was actually pretty reasonable for Vegas.  I compare all Vegas buffets to the Champagne brunch at the Bellagio, which is pretty amazing. But you pay for it. Really, my main problem with Wicked Spoon was that I wanted breakfast but they had mostly lunch/dinner items in their "brunch" service.  There was just one guy at the omelette station and he was working his a$$ off because at 11am in Vegas most people are just barely waking up and that was the only egg option in the buffet.  They also had some pancakes that looked like they had been sitting out way too long and some waffles which I tried but didn't finish because they were really soggy.. . I like the concept of the small individual portions instead of the huge trays like most buffets.  It is visually much more appealing. But don't fool yourself into thinking that they didn't prepare that dish in bulk and then plate it up and leave it under the heat lamps for an hour. You can tell that after the first bite. Some of the items were room temperature which is not good. They weren't too busy when we were there so maybe that's why? I don't know, I guess that's a problem for all buffets. It didn't stop me from getting some of the Mac and cheese in the cute little skillet or edamame in the chinese takeout box.
We made it barely before closing (no line!)- I didn't expect a Vegas buffet to close at 2pm, especially when that's when many are waking up after a long night. The brunch buffet comes with a complimentary glass of champagne or mimosa, which I thought was nice. . . The items here are much daintier and interesting that the Bellagio buffet. I'm personally not excited by waffles and scrambled eggs, and they had more lunch items on the line. There was a great (but salty) house cured thick slab bacon, cute little skillets of goat cheese ravioli, cold salads of asparagus with tarragon vinaigrette, neat individual portions of smoked salmon, and Moroccan chicken. . . The best part was the dessert section. The desserts were actually good! They had macaroons (yum!), little cups of desserts (the one that looks like tiramisu with crunchy bits in the middle was pretty decent), chocolate covered strawberries, and an entire case of gelato that they serve, not a machine. Don't be shy here- they give you a cute little scoop spoon, so you can try more flavors. . . I'd probably say 3.5 stars, but I rounded down because the carving station guy was terrible. He was grumpy and rude when asking people what they wanted. He expects your plate to be ready to catch the sausage... mine wasn't, and he ended up flinging the sausage at my shirt leaving a stain.
Whent there tonight at 4:05 pm for dinner and became the first in line.  The selection of food is only ok. . The good: the potato au gratin with truffle, salmon with risoto, tomato risoto, escola fish with grape, macaroni bar, gelato and the dessert chocolate cup with cream mousse.. The bad: New York steak from the carving station, bone marrow that taste like fat, lack of macaron.  The put the same dessert in two trays to make up for the lack of variety. . They have a wine card system that let you get different wines from a dispensing machine.  $15 gives you $35 credit of wine.  When I was paying, I asked them about  the ad for wine card on the wall and they told me that they ran our of the cards tonight and can't sell that to me.  Then, they call me back before going in and said that they've managed to find one card.  It was fun trying different kinds of wine, even though I probable only drank $15 worth of it.. . I got so full but I wonder perhaps other buffets can be better.  Or, the 3 of us should have spend the money at a good restaurant and be happier.
Went on a Saturday for brunch.  Thought the selection was great, but disappointed in the meats.  Tried the Korean BBQ ribs, NewYork strip roast, pork belly - all were tough, chewy, salty.  Eggs benedict and desserts were awesome.  Might go back again for dinner - not for brunch.
I was really excited to see such great yelp reviews.  I LOVE brunch and I LOVE dessert and from the photos I've seen here, I was super ecstatic to try this place out.  . . My boyfriend and I headed out around noon on a Wednesday.  Silly us, of COURSE there will be a SUPER long line, even on a weekday.  ARGH!  I walked up to the cashier to ask how long the wait is and she told me it would be a 45 minute wait to PAY.  She then pointed to me ANOTHER line where you wait to get seat. I'm looking at a close to 2 hour wait.. . You mean there are 2 lines I have to wait in not one, but TWO lines!?! This was worse than Disneyland.... . Well we were already there and we were hungry and I wanted to try this place out.  So I thought I was smart by having my boyfriend wait in line to pay and I wait in line to get seated (or vice versa).  . . I was getting nervous because I hear they stopped serving food at 2 and it was already 12:30ish.  So by the time I was in front of the line to get seated....and after letting some people go in front of me, my boyfriend finally paid!  But by this time my line was already super short...so my plan to split up into 2 lines didn't actually work.  Oh well.  . . I was a happy camper though by the time we got seated! . . DRINKS:. I got mimosas and since my boyfriend doesn't drink I got his as well!  So I had them get him an orange juice, hehe.. . FOOD - SAVORY: . The food was amazing! So much brunch foods to choose from and they were ALL yummy and very great quality!  I had the mac n cheese, the french toast, the eggs...probably more. . . FOOD - SWEET:. Beautiful deserts but they tasted mediocre.  I feel the deserts is just for show.  I had some gelato and it was ok.  However, perhaps the best desert that I had there was their simple chocolate chip cookie.  Dont get distracted by all the pretty cute deserts there!  HAVE A CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE!  It was warm and a bit crispy and it tasted fresh.  Simple, yet amazing.. . SERVICE:. Service was great!  The guy who served was was so nice!  I think we were limited to just one drink but he gave my boyfriend an OJ after I took his mimosa hehe.. . ATMOSPHERE: . It's FANCY here!  They have so crazy fancy chandeliers here!  This places looks so new and so nicely decorated!  Perhaps the most beautiful buffet I been to!. . Overall, even though the food was amazing I don't think it was worth the wait.  I remember waiting in line and peaking through the window and I saw LOTS of empty tables...place wasnt even packed!  Am I getting in line to get into a club lounge?  . . $22/person is not a bad price considering you get a drink too.  I don't regret coming here though, but if you're the type who needs to eat right away and don't like waiting...I don't rec. coming here :]
Usually the thought of buffets is enough to gross me out. I would rather have one perfectly conceptualized brunch item, than 100 over indulgent and poorly executed items.. . However, I was really impressed with this weekend brunch Buffet housed inside the Cosmopolitan.. . The wait was long on a sunday....like really long. 30 minutes to pay, THEN you have to go to another line where you wait to be seated, this second line took almost an hour. At this point, you couldnt turn around because you had already paid.. . We went to the Wynn earlier in the week, and I definitely liked this buffet better. I left the Wynn feeling greasy and cold. The wicked spoon however did a much better job with their offerings. Conceptually it was warm, modern, and inviting. . . The food. We had a large group, so I was able to taste a little bite of everything.. Since I believe you should alway start with dessert, shall we review first? A full gelato case....I love gelato! Also the chocolate covered strawberries, cake ball with gold dusting, and the apple cobble were very good.. . Breakfast foods: The french toast was to die for, but it goes fast! Also the eggs benedict was pretty rocking. I didnt try any of these, but they also have a full bagel and lox station, as well as, fresh omelettes, fruit, and biscuits/gravy.. . Lunch foods: Wasnt a big fan of the asian food offerings, but the Bahn Mi was okay. Sushi was weak. The lamb carving station though...hold on I need a second, just thinking about my perfect slice of lamb. YUM! The angry mac and cheese was too spicy for me, but the mini shrimp cocktail cups and the cheese station were nice.. . . Havent gone to the bellagio brunch so I cant compare...but for $29, I really liked Wicked Spoon (an extra $10 for unlimited mimosas and bloodies). Just make sure you have enough time to wait in line....
First off, my rating would be 4.5 for the food, but it is actually 3.5 (even though it only shows a 3).  I found them to be severely understaffed.  It didn't appear to be the staff's fault, they were doing what they could, but there were MANY dirty tables and a huge line outside.  Also, it took a long time to get drink refills and plates cleared.  If we would have been at the Aria Buffet, those things would have been taken care of on the spot.. . Again, the food is great, but I couldn't let the service go un-noticed.
Service: Good :). Food: OK.. . I've tried this place twice now... even though both times I was superrr hungry, I still didn't really enjoy it. The food is in cute little dishes, but none of them "tickled my fancy". Their selection isn't that great for the price. I think the only thing I actually liked there was the prime rib, but even so, it's sometimes overcooked.
Once upon a time when you tell yourself, F' it lets go to Vegas and party it out for a night. Next day wake up hungry as a hippoo ready to eat your heart out... . Ending up at wicked spoon with all the hype!.... Only thing that was really good there was the Ny Steak Strip.. and the Lamb leg... and Bacon! couldn't go wrong with that... not many selections after going through all of it... I do have to come back and TRY dinner though.. but i don't know if i want to cause of the selections they had for breakfast! not everything there was just as good... i'd rather spend my money on wynn buffet or rio or even the M buffet!.... much better choices... . . I gave it 3 stars cause of it being breakfast only!... dinner review some other time!
The strawberry shortcake is 5 STARS, make room for about 10 plates of those..and wanting more in the middle of the night.. . Food is pretty good. This was my third time here. . Had a girl name TENAJ or something like that seat us, she copped attitude at us like cray. whys it gotta be like that tenaj you pretty much gave us the worst service we had in Vegas.. . Anyway, when you eat here, remember the strawberry shortcake.
i honestly didn't find Wicked Spoon the BEST buffet- but it was definitely worth the trek and cost. the food was displayed well and in cute containers or baskets... the table service was horrendous. . . whatever happened to self-serve buffets? i miss being able to make graveyards and floats and drink what i wanted without having to ORDER it through an idiot. we were a table of 8 or so- the server kept forgetting drinks and at one point UTENSILS that we requested. ugh. . . the food- i was happy to see a few healthy options, but there wasn't enough. everything was deep fried, cooked too long or just plain unappetizing. if a buffet has a lame salad bar- i am turned off completely. yes, call me a boring veggie-loving buffet goer, i might as well go to Soup Plantation or Zoopa, right? well, i would if there were one in Vegas, buddy! . . the carving station was a bore to me... the sushi was disgusting and an embarrassment. WHY even have sushi? i was impressed to see that they had Pho at the buffet, so i had to try it. WORST MISTAKE EVER. the broth was bland, the noodles were cellophane (it's supposed to be a medium size rice noodle) and the soup/noodles were so cold, i couldn't even eat it. yay! for having breakfast/brunch items such as bagel lox & cream cheese (which was NOT that great tasting) and eggs w/ sausage and bacon. . . what i DID enjoy was the decor. the functionality of the tables against the buffet- it was too conflicting for me. i had to bob and weave just to get back to the buffet. the tables weren't set up in a way to allow a person in a wheelchair to get around safely.
Maybe I went on a bad night or maybe went to late but eh the M buffet was still better. I think that they went above and beyond to add some "fanciness" to the buffet concept by having pre-measured portions and bottled water at your table. I think it's great idea to serve food in these dishes because it reduces the food waste and does make the food much more esthetically pleasing however, it does become a pain trying to put all those dishes on your plate. Plus, imagine how many of those dishes need to be washed on a daily basis! Let's not forget to mention, that almost every dish I picked up was cold. Yay for cold food!. . Now I'm"m not really a dessert person but they did have stuff that looked interesting - chocolate covered strawberries. I will admit that I was sorta disappointed in their desserts. It was like the whole section was sugar-free.. . Paid $35 per person, waited in line for 35 mins, waited 15 mins for drinks, ate cold food, sealed the deal with sugar-free desserts, then paid $10 for a bottle of Tums.   Turned out to be a Wicked night after all.
I'm not a big fan of buffets, and have never had a good experience at one until I went to Wicked Spoon.  There was a bit of a wait to get in, but according some friends who have gone at other times, it would have been much longer.  I went for the breakfast/brunch buffet, and was fairly impressed at the selection, but was left a little disappointed with the quality.  . . The complimentary mimosa was a nice touch, and I really enjoyed that most thing were single serving and not slopped out of a warming tray.  I did find that even though the buffet was relatively uncrowded, restocking of items was slow, and it was pretty obvious that a fair amount of the food had been sitting under the warming lights for quite some time.. . My biggest complaint is the omelette station which was ungodly slow, and was not worth the wait.  The rest of the food was good, but not mind blowing.  I am definitely anxious to give this place another shot though.
I think I'm probably haten because I believe this place is overrated.  They serve a lot of perceived high-end quality dishes but the taste and quality just lacks IMO.. . It's like taking a very average looking girl, doing a full-out makeover to be a 10 but beyond the surface and disguise you uncover that her confidence and skills just don't match up.  Either you got it or you don't and the food quality just doesn't match up with all the glitz and glamour.  . . Wicked Spoon "tries" too hard to be hip.  Yes the food is plentiful and it is good but I would rather go to a buffet that serves stellar everyday American food rather than subpar food that with ton of lip stick and makeup all over to be cool.. . This review won't hurt a dime since there's so many followers.  For the price, long wait, and quality of food, I was very dissapointed.
I tried this buffet over the weekend. I expected to find a long line as you usually find at other buffets during the weekend in the Las Vegas Strip, but to my surprise we were seated right away. I wasn't sure if this was a good thing or not. The variety of food was a little limited. The taste and quality of the food was decent. My husband enjoyed the crab legs and said they were very good. I was too full to try any of the desserts. The chocolate covered strawberries looked delicious. They had ice cream too, but not as many desserts choices as I have seen at other buffets. Overall, I was happy to have tried this buffet, but I think it was way over priced. I don't think the food was all that. I think the food at other buffets around the strip, which do not cost as much as this one, have more varietyof food.
I came here during a business trip after reading all the rave reviews.  Sadly, I was very disappointed.... . The biggest disappointment is lack of selections.  The food is good, not great, for a buffet (which was expected).  For $5 less, I would definitely go to the Bellagio Buffet.  They have much better selections and tastier food!
So, my friend takes me out for my bday during brunch.  I heard a lot of great things about this place so I wanted to try it out. We wait in line for about 30 mins to pay and then wait in another line for 15 mins. to get seated. We finally get seated and I go to the different stations that they have. I'm pretty disappointed. It looked like every other buffet. I heard that they had a Pho station but they took it out. Overall, the food was good but it wasn't great.
Wanted to try this buffet b/c of all the wonderful reviews on Yelp.  But I have to say I was a bit disappointed with this one considering the number of great buffets in Las Vegas.  Sure the dishes look beautiful and are presented in small plates, but I felt like I was forced to eat the amount they put in each dish (since i don't like to waste food).  overall, the taste of the food was okay...for the price, i think i would rather go somewhere else in Vegas...
Presentation wise, this place gets the cake! All the food are on ready to go dishes and portions. And they are all present well and looked cute. We came during lunch so no crab legs here! Lol! I will say it was a long walk to get into tuis buffet....you have to go around and climb up the stairs, etc. It was lunch so the line wasnt long. But i can see it being a problem at dinner. You go into 2 lines.  One was to pay and I thought that was it. No, you have to wait in the seated line which took us 5 mins to wait and get a seat...when there was no one there expect my party in line.   All that is fine.  The problem I had was our waitress. Older woman who was very sarcastic to us.  She asked what we like to drink and we all wanted water....she said "really, that's it?" and then several times when she picked up our dishes she said, " You guys are the best people I have waited on." Now we barely talked to her or said anything that would make her act like that. One girl in our party made it a mission to be super nice to everyone that served us! Which she did! So I am not sure why this waitress treated us like that....
I had high hopes for this place given the 4-star rating here on Yelp, but at last it did not live up to my expectations. . . We went for dinner at 6PM and was promptly seated (the line starts around 7 so keep this in mind if you want to beat the rush). The restaurant is large, open and nicely decorated, so the dining atmosphere was very pleasant. There's a bottle of house red on every table, for $28, should you choose to accompany your dinner, otherwise, you can order what you want. Our waitress was very polite, quick with cleaning and refills.. . Now the food, given the $30 price tag, the food was decent, in terms of there were a variety of choices. But I'm the type of person who would happily pay twice as much for the same amount of choices, but better quality.  . . A few highlights for me was the Angry Mac 'n Cheese (reads spicy), very flavorful and cheesy; the mini chicken pot pie, creamy filling with a flakey biscuit; and chickpeas salad. There's a sushi bar, raw bar, carving station and make your own salad bar in addition to the pre-made choices. Wicked Spoon offers a large desert selection but to be brutally honest, I didn't enjoy anything. . . Overall the experience was positive, good atmosphere and great service. Food was mediocre. Price is great if you are looking to have a big meal to satisfy your hunger, but if you're looking for something more special, I would recommend recommend the Fountain Brunch buffet @ Jasmine (the Bellagio). Hands-down the best brunch/buffet in Vegas.
Hostess: -1 star, your best asset is your smile. Smile more. Service: 4 stars. Breakfast options: 4 stars. Lunch options: 3 stars. . As you can tell, my review is for BRUNCH only!. . Nothing gets me the way cute presentation does! For a buffet the options are OK.. no chicken/turkey options other than the fried chicken which was dried out.  . . Breakfast options I remember: . - oatmeal. - bacon & sausages. - waffles: ours were super dried out, it was so dried out it broken in half once we tried to prick our fork into it!. - made to order omelette's. - fruit, bread, & pastries. - french toast: which was my FAVORITE!. - portabelo mushroom benedict: this was yummy!  It went well together!. - baked egg whites w/spinach.. . Lunch options I remember: . - banh mi: it had ham instead of meat. - green curry noodles: didn't taste like curry at all. - pasta and pizza: these were OK, could've done without them.. - sushi: just OK too.  . - fried chicken: pretty dry.. . Dessert area .. they don't have a huge selection of things:. - tiramisu: wasn't fabulous, just basic.. - strawberry shortcake. this could've been cut in half, it's a pretty big portion compared to the other dessert options.. - gelato: i love pistachio!. - pecan pie: one of my favorite dessert options here, but the crust was really hard!. . Overall?  Cuteness doesn't make up for the quality of food - BUT i have yet to try this place for dinner.  I hear dinner's pretty good!
stayed at Cosmopolitan a couple months ago, decided to try this place for brunch.. . meh, just your average Vegas buffet. nothing special, nothing bad. Not much to say about this place either, had the typical variety of meats and seafood.. . probably wouldn't come back here unless we stay here again and it's convenient.
Don't come here during brunch if you want your money's worth. I promise you will regret it. There are no seafood and little options with meat choices. Everything else was too dry or tasted bad. Kalbi ribs were so chewy. Sushi were eh. Gelato tasted like straight sugar. I left here hungry bc nothing tasted good except for my rasberry iced tea and chocolate covered strawberries. This place is very beautiful for a buffet I must add. I came during a bad time obviously and the buffet has better days so I would consider returning for dinner time.
This was probably more of a 3 for overall experience and a 5 for food, but with the special memorial day pricing, I'd have to rate it a 3 :(. . . Went for a Memorial Day brunch before heading back to Los Angeles and brunch was 40 bucks! Usually brunch was 22 or something I heard so this was an unwelcome surprise, but we soldiered on and ate there anyway. It would have been better if I was 21 as drinks are included, but alas, I am not.. . The atmosphere and dining area are gorgeous and the amounts of food are copious, both in quantity and variety. I quite enjoyed the cocktail shrimps, which were endless, the spaghetti and meatball, and my second go at the tri-tip. The first trip was a little try as it was the end while the second time around was practically alive after asking for it to be a little rarer. . . The dessert section was huge and based on what I've heard one of the best buffet selections in Vegas. Overall food quality and selection were top notch as well as the serving mechanism which wasn't just shoveling food onto your plate. . . Service was dreadful though. At one point I had a plate with a lot of food on it and I have three of those little racks for picking up food and I went to the bathroom. While away, somebody took all my food! This is less disappointing at a buffet, but if it happened to you, you'd still be annoyed. Also, I had an empty glass of orange juice for half the meal even after asking three different servers for a refill. My server was on a break apparently. . . Overall, for a buffet, the atmosphere and food quality were exquisite and must try worthy but the service and extraordinary brunch price were too much to overcome. I just couldn't morally give this place higher than a 3. Plus I couldn't find the soup if they had any other than egg drop soup :(. If we had to wait in line this place would have been even worse. Hopefully, if I go next time, they can bring everything up to par with the food (except the price :)) and we'll have a 5.
Huh? Why is this one of the most raved buffets on the strip? The food selection was meh and the food was not that great. Fresh, but very bland.  I would much prefer a trip of the M buffet, where they have steamed & seasoned crab legs.
I would love to see the research behind the cost-effectiveness of ramekins over large plates. Dishwashing vs food waste. Seriously, I'll bet it's fascinating. No, I'm not kidding!. . Anyway, so, love the ramekins. And I appreciate the variety and uncommon takes on common classics. Like truffle scalloped potatoes. "Angry" mac and cheese (spicy). Prime rib next to bone marrow (which was surprisingly flavorless). And actually, I had that complaint about a number of the dishes. Looked great on the little placards, but a little bland on the spoon. I made myself a nice combo of a veal slider, a piece of underripe brie and some sauce from the aforementioned truffle potatoes. The dessert "shooters," while again, gorgeous, all kind of tasted the same..... . Which is not to say don't go here--it is by FAR the best buffet I've ever been to, and if you give yourself a little time, you can happily eat yourself into a food coma.
Came here for brunch a little before closing, but the host was kind enough to let my party of 9 to still eat here.. . The atmosphere is beautiful and the tables/plating is minimal but admirable. The foods I particularly liked were the shrimp cocktails, salads, pastas, pizza and the desserts.. . The Asiago gnocci, wicked mac n cheese were pretty good as well as the smoked salmon & capers, cheese/brie & grapes and lastly pizza. I didn't really like their KBBQ, the meat was super chewy and tough. This place is definitely for those with a sweet tooth, the Red Velvet cookies, Chocolate covered strawberries, raspberry cheesecake and gelato (Salty Peanut Caramel) were particularly delicious.. . It was a bit steep in price and didn't see much food that I would really eat like seafood and exceptional pastas. Do come for their large array of desserts.. . Service was okay, we were seated and served drinks. Although they were quite quick in taking away plates from our table.. . *During this trip to Wicked Spoon we spotted TimothyDeLaGhetto!
I write this thinking this should be a 3.5...... I have been to the Wynn brunch at least 4 times and it's always a go-to. When my group learned there was a new one with a unique theme we decided to try it! It definitely didn't disappoint...but I think the Wynn still wins this battle.. . What I liked:. *Clever packaging in unique containers. *Clever food ideas and unique food combinations (whereas Wynn features more of the classics). *Fav dishes - moroccan chk w. couscous, angry mac and cheese, chicken wings, french toast. . What disappointed:. *A handful of dishes were really blah. I've rarely had something at the Wynn that was blah. Eggs benedict was meh. Green curry noodles - I've never tasted curry so bland.  Corn with cojita cheese just ok.. . So while some of the clever dishes at Wicked Spoon were really interesting and clever and cute in packaging, when you factor in the blah-dishes it is only 3/3.5. . No don't get me wrong I definitely got my money's worth in the dishes that WERE good, but it needs to up its consistency across its offerings.. . TIP - go before 11a. The line gets crazy afterwards!!
Our Wicked Spoon experience started out a little rocky. We tried to go on a Sunday night - they were open until 9 pm and we got there at 8:15 to find they had closed the line down! And the line was not even that long, maybe 20 people? It was really off-putting.. . But we went back. Mainly because the sushi place we wanted to try wasn't open for lunch on our last day in town. We went for lunch/brunch. It was a Tuesday and the wait was long. We were told it would be 25 minutes by a manager, but it was more like 45 and I didn't feel like the line was that long. The kicker was there were empty (dirty) tables EVERYWHERE. We counted at least 6 as we neared the front of the line. They must have been understaffed or something because the number of tables that needed to be bussed was astonishing. We watched one buser take his sweet time busing the table by picking up each item (i.e. asingle fork) one at a time and placing it on the tray. It seriously took him about 15 minutes to bus a 4-top table. Another thing was, as a party of 2 - they sat THREE separate parties of 5 who were behind us, which made our wait that much longer. Again, frustrating.. . Three people recommended WS to us and I don't know if it was oversold, I was annoyed by the wait, or if they were having an off day, but it didn't live up to the hype. . . We paid $22 with 1 alcoholic drink included. Maybe a little pricy, but for Vegas I thought it was reasonable. I got the champagne and it was decent. . . For the food - Sure the presentation is cute (everything is served in individual dishes), and there were some very tasty things (mac & cheese, smoked salmon, asparagus salad, roasted beet salad, and desserts), but overall it's disappointing. The Tri Tip was fatty and still near bleeding, the Koren ribs were grisly and tough, only 3 types of sushi rolls and no wasabi. Several dishes were bland and just plain blah (green curry noodles, brown butter cauliflower).. . The desserts were definitely a win. Huge chocolate covered strawberries, and Godiva chocolate covered cake pops. There is also a Gelato bar, but unfortunately the gentleman serving didn't understand English and I didn't receive the flavor I asked for.. . If I was in Vegas again, and the wait wasn't long, I'd probably try it again. But I wouldn't make it a point to go out of my way to go back.
The theme for most of the Hotel Buffets seem to "let's present the food to make it look like 5 star quality, but the taste is actually 2 stars."  Wicked Spoon has a unique business model.  Individual portioned servings are set so that customers don't overplate their plates and waste food. . . The food is presented well.  What i noticed about WIcked Spoon was that they have higher end food items available then other buffets.  Roasted Bone Marrow, suckling pig, prime rib, lamb chops, and shrimp ceviche to name a few.  They offer different cuisines from various regions.  There's a salad bar, shell fish, meat, pasta, asian, italian, bread, antipasta, and dessert section.  Just by looking through the pictures on yelp shows you that the food looks absolutely great.  Just remember the taste isn't at par with the presentation.. . I've only tried Wicked Spoon and the Wynn Buffet, so i have no idea how Wicked Spoon Compares to The Bellagio or the Rio, but what i can say is that The Wynn fares slightly higher then Wicked Spoon.
Came here for Fathers Day... $40 a person!  $48 for unlimited wine.  Certainly a fancy place with a great ambiance and great presentation on the food... but that's about where it stops.  I don't find the food all that delicious.  . . The food I'll go for 2nds, 3rds... even 4ths:. Shrimp Cocktail - jumbo shrimps with cocktail sauce that has a wasabi kick to it. Crab legs - cut in half to make going through plates of them a whole lot faster. Gelato - I tried Pistachio, Coffee and Mango... all great choices, especially with a waffle cone. Chocolate dipped strawberries - triple dipped BIG strawberries. Mousse cones - light and yummy. . Food that was Meh... Prime rib - I've had better. Lamb - I've had better. Lobster Mac and Cheese - a bit too filling with the cheese and not much lobster. Stuffed Quail - I've had better. Caesar Salad - a bit too much dressing. . Service was slow, especially towards the end of our meals when I ordered coffee.  At times, I wonder if the server forgot our drink orders.
Service was great but I expected much more from the buffet. Not sure if I came with unreal expectations but after reading reviews and hearing from friends, I was almost expecting top quality restaurant food.. . For a buffet, the food is excellent! For a traditional sit-down restaurant, the food was average.. . But, you can't beat the bottomless mimosas at brunch for only $8 more
Definitely a high end buffet.  A lot of the food options were too fancy for this peasant.  They had some bizarre stuff like bone marrow.  . . With the food options that were Megan friendly, it was really good.  I liked how the crab legs were already cut for you.  I also liked how everything was divided into smaller dishes.  The mini containers that the food were served in were super cute.  The chicken pot pie was tasty and the peanut butter and jelly Gelato was AMAZING!!  That's about all I ate so I probably won't be coming here again due to non-Megan friendly food selections.  But I would highly recommend this buffet if you are adventurous with food.  Oh and the service was outstanding!  Best waitress I have ever had.
I have only been to the Wynn buffet in Vegas, as a comparison.  And the Wynn buffet IMO is so much better.. . The Wicked Spoon I felt lacked variety.  The Wynn definitely had more choices.. . Also I felt their food was not very flavorful, or special.  I distinctly remember the bone marrow - thinking this is something unique to offer at.  But then when I actually tried it, it was actually pretty bland.  It left me pretty disappointed.. . I would skip, hope to try Bellagio buffet next time!
I waited SOOO long to try this place!! TOO LONG. Since my friends are party animals. I came into this buffet on an empty stomach. On an empty stomach filled with tequila and vodka! . . Went there exactly at 4:45 and got in, in less than 15 mins. I was already feeling like pure shitfor not eating all day and drinking alcohol. Oh woe is me!. . The first thing I got was...BONE MARROW. I absolutely love bone marrow...but wicked spoon...all I tasted was fat! Just all FAT. I added some chimichurri, made it taste a bit better. I knew it was all pure fat but I ended up eating....5.... . This buffet wasn't up to par in my palate. I mean the design and theme is wonderful. It's super cute! the only food entree that stood out to me was the veal sliders. YUM! it was super soft meat. . . The dessert was just okay too. The chocolate covered strawberries were HUGE. Where the heck did they grow those? . . Later that night I still felt full and sick, and couldn't even drink anymore. :( Warning here is to not eat any of that fatty bone marrow...
Good thing I've been here many times becausevitherwise I wouldn't have came back. The food was the same, exactly, that I had 2 weeks before only it looked like they saved it from 2 weeks ago. The smoked salmon was all dried out as was the pasta dishes.. The salads were all freshly made so that is the plus and the desserts are always great.. Fruit was fresh also. We went to the Brunch. I recommend it just ask to look at the food before maybe but it was only $22 so still not bad!!!
I cannot handle buffets because I get full so quickly but this place was good. My favorites were the individual little pasta trays. Actually I think that was it. Nothing else really sticks out in my mind. The pork buns were just okay, the sushi was not very good. I couldn't try the desserts because I was too full... I think I still like the Wynn buffet the best!
Came here even though most of my friends told me this place was overrated, but I really came for the dessert bar and even that was somewhat of a let down.. . Now given that I thought pretty much everything was subpar to my standards for an upper echelon Vegas buffet place, I still went ahead and had about 7 plates of food with 2 plates of dessert (it's a fat fawk life).. . My favorites were probably the Angry Mac n Cheese (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tSZvaCoQu2cTw75q5Rmhlw?select=EiSasU6tfXS-jJGdcepmNQ#GMAVBsxVw4k3iWWXpWi6Jg). Delicious sharp cheesy flavor with a hint of heat. The French toast (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=rN_yB01fqiuOB2bH40u0bQ#rN_yB01fqiuOB2bH40u0bQ) was probably the only other thing I really enjoyed and that stuff is cheap and fills you up.. . Overall, the experience was just ok. I rather still go to Bellagio for their buffet.
Wicked Spoon is simply over-rated. The desserts are the best part and do leave a good last impression, but compared to the elite buffets of Vegas, Wicked Spoon doesn't have the quality, service, freshness, or variety to be considered 5-star. It's a-ok which is totally a-ok.. . Sunday night dinner: 3 - 3.5/5 stars. . There were no stations for fresh, made to order items like pasta, crepes, salads, etc. Instead portions are placed into small bowls like a cafeteria. There were no fresh sashimi or sushi offerings except two California rolls. The Snow Crab was average frozen fare. Salmon was meh. No XLB. Asian food looked like Panda Express.. . On the positive side, Bone Marrow was cool (though not spectacular). By far the most spectacular section is the desserts. 2 flavors of macarons were chewy fun and Red Velvet Cookies were worth a try. Save room for the Gelato and get a couple of the huge Chocolate-covered Strawberries.. . Service was fine. Our waitress brought drink (Mojito) re-orders and cleared plates as expected. She earned her tip.. . If you are at the Cosmopolitan or nearby hotel then the Wicked Spoon is an a-ok option when in the mood for an AYCE Buffet
Not sure what everyone is raving about. This place was a let down. "Best Buffet in Vegas"? - No, I don't think so.  The food presentation was nice, I give them that but everything else was just meh. I felt the buffet lacked variety and flavor and I regret choosing this place over the Wynn buffet (which IMO is so much better!).
I tried Wicked Spoon Buffet for lunch on a Friday, and I was pleasantly surprised that there wasn't a long line to get in.  We had the choice of complimentary first round of mimosas (DELISH), champagne, and bloody mary (I believe).  Mimosas were so good, I was wishing it was unlimited!  . . The atmosphere is really nice and we were seated near the dessert area.  I was slightly overwhelmed by the food options and everything I wanted was served in these metal bowls that took up lots of space on my plate so I kept going back for rounds.  My favorite dish was the Angry Mac and Cheese (I think that is what it's called).  It was cheesy with a nice kick to it.  The Tri-tip was next on my list of favorites.  The dessert options were not as exciting as I have seen at other buffets, but the gelato was absolutely amazing.  . . Overall, presentation of the food was very nice, but I felt like the food options were okay.  I was hoping for some seafood and meat variety and more exciting desserts like made to order crepes, fondue fountain, etc. like I have seen at other buffets.
My friends kept raving about this place being one of the best buffets in Vegas even more so than my all-time favorite; Studio B @ the M resort. I decided to give it a shot and see what all the hype was about. . . Priced a little over $31 for lunch, I thought the price was pretty decent considering it's suppose to be one of the "best buffets" in Vegas. When we got in I was really excited to see all the various dishes presented so nicely. I love the portion control on most of their items and how they come in these little metal containers with handles. . . I was thoroughly disappointed with how most of the items tasted. Everything definitely looks way better than it tastes. Normally the dessert bar is one of the things I look forward to the most at buffets. I tried almost every item at the dessert bar and was not impressed at all. . . The service couldn't have been worse. It seems like they have a lack of waiters/waitresses because it took forever for them to come by and take our dirty plates. It got to the point where we were piling plates on top of plates and constantly having to rearrange things so that things wouldn't topple over. On top of that, we never got a refill on our drinks! -_- . . If you do come here, I think the only few dishes that stood out to me and are worth the calories are: . . + Corn on the Cob . + Grilled Salmon. + Fried Chicken . + Chicken Apple Sausage . + Shrimp Cocktail . + Mac n' Cheese. . . Sorry Wicked Spoon, but you ain't got nuthen on Studio B!
Went for lunch (brunch?) on a Saturday; price was $29 and the line wasn't too bad. Had a decent selection of food- sushi (fish was good, rice was not), pizza/pasta, salad bar, meats, and they still had some breakfast food available. Don't think I saw much seafood, though. Not much of a sweets person, but theyhad a good dessert section that included gelato, mmm.... . Overall, I was satisfied yet not very impressed, their dinner buffet seems to be better so I'd go back for that.
Likes: Pretty on the outside, complimentary choice of mimosa or champagne, typical buffet food like sushi, tri-tip, desserts (sorbet mm), no pineapple but they had red and yellow watermelons which threw me off, chicken was a little dry, spare ribs, edamame came in cute little chinese takeout boxes but the sweet and spicy sauce on it I wasn't fond of. . Dislikes: I've eaten at better buffets.  I wasn't wowed.  AND they had no seafood!
Ambiance:. *Nice decor, but a little on the dark side and it's cold.. . Food:. *Really good for a buffet.. *They are known for their bone marrow, but I think it's way too fatty.. *Best food was the chocolate dipped strawberries, every thing else was good for buffet food.
The short version - skip the dinner and just get dessert.  Trust me.. . The long version:. We were super excited to try a new buffet in Vegas. Although we lovethe Wynn, we figured we should branch out with our most recent visit. The reviews on Yelp were all glowing, and the pictures were drool-inducing.. . But maybe we should have headed the signs the gods were sending us not to go.  We got lost not once, but twice on our way there as no one in that complex seems able to give good directions and it is way out of the way in the bowels of the beast.  Seriously, there is no way you would be able to find it without directions. The signage was crap.. . On to the food though.  By the time we finally arrived we were starving and ready to go. As per usual buffet routine, we each grabbed a tiny bit of everything during the first round (or as many bits as would fit on our plates). Here we encountered problem  #1.  Predetermined portions (unless small) should never be used in Buffets. particularly when they plate dishes on too big of plates and one can only grab one or two items on a trip.  For example, there were like three varieties of mac and cheese, none of which were good, yet we had to take three sizable ramekins to find this out. I hate throwing food out.. . Problem #2. Yes, fusion is fun, but not every dish needs to be a "wow, i never thought those two things would go together!"  Sometimes the classics are ok. Really. Dishes that fell into this category were so un-memorable I've forgotten them already, but trust me, there were quite a few.. . Problem #3. Sushi. I agree, sushi really should not be a sushi dish.  But if you are going to serve it, and you are in vegas, home of the sushi buffet for some reason, you need to keep it fresh. Blegh.. . And now on to the good things.... Awesomeness #1 Marrow.  I know people have commented it on it many atime, but crap, it's so good.. . Awesomeness #2 the dessert bar.  Oh my lord. Seriously. Next time it will be straight to this section. The sheer variety was awesome, but of all the pieces we tried, there was not one bad or even mediocre one.  The Lady Godiva Chocolate Lolis.....just think of super moist brownies with an amazing chocolate shell. And cheesecake with just enough lemon zest....dare I say it, better than homemade. And the homemade marshmallows will change your whole perspective on things.. I could go on and on, and am very tempted to, but that would just be cruel.. . Awesomeness #3 Best wait staff in a buffet. Glasses always full, plates always cleared and nice to boot.. . Overall, -2 stars for the main dinner, but the dessert alone is worth it.  We'll just make sure to hit the Wynn buffet earlier in the day.
Probably 3.5 stars.. . I was so excited for this visit. I read hundreds of reviews of dozens of buffets and this is the one place I decided that I must visit while in Vegas. . . I was under the impression that this was some sort of gourmet (and I use that term very loosely) buffet, but it turned out to be buffet quality food dressed up to resemble fine dinning. I think this place employs a little mental judo with their presentation, fooling people into thinking that it's better than it is with neat little individual servings.. . Don't get me wrong, this is better than a Home Town Buffet, by far, and its probably in the top seventy-fifth percentile of Vegas buffets, BUT, amongst a party of ten, having tried almost every item on the buffet, at the end, we were hard pressed to identify any stand out items. . . More times than not, we would bring food back to the table with a giddy excitement, only to be disappointed once we tried it.. . Contrary to many reviews, we found the desserts to be worst part. Very disappointed in every dessert I tried except the gelato, which isn't hard to pull off. . . Ps. We didn't even have to wait in line.. . *** I had a better meal at The Spice Market Buffet in Planet Hollywood.
This buffet just did not hit the spot. Although the service was great, the just lacked flavor. I believe the biggest issue with this buffet is what makes it so appealing. The amount of food, and the array of different dishes were truly amazing. It honestly shocked me to think how much works must've gone into preparing each dish. My only issue with the items is that lack of flavor, and simply terrible seasoning mistakes.. None of the items had any sort of flavor unless the item spoke up for itself. The best thing they had out there was scalloped potatoes and their mashed potatoes next to the prime rib.. The prime rib was good, but it lacked salt. There was no crust on the prime rib. But it was tender and delicious. As far as other proteins go, they were just OK. The crab was okay, the shrimp was not good at all. I was happy that I just needed to pop them in my mouth. But then you actually bite down into the shrimp and it was just not good. It just tasted chewy, no shrimp flavor, nothing. It's comparable to the shrimp I've eaten at Station Casinos. . The Asian station OK. Orange chicken was a good dish. The TO-GO boxes were a nice touch. Then we moved onto the bruschetta. You bit into it and it was like your mouth was full of salt. What a mistake. I spit it out as soon as I bit into it. The desserts were all bland and not tasteful. It's hard to screw up chocolate covered strawberries. (Although, I just wanted plain ones and not ones covered in candy or graham cracker) The only thing that actually was good was the Gelato. IT was delicious! Along with the coffee. . I think this buffet has its advantages with the amount of different dishes it serves. But I would rather have a few good dishes then have a hundred mediocre dishes. I personally think Wynn Buffet or Aria's buffet is a better option. Better food, better proteins, and better desserts.
I'm with K.P. 100% on this one. You can pretty much cut and paste her review here. (See her review below).. . Presentation +1. Pork belly pancake +1. . Otherwise, I expected just a bit more for Sunday brunch for $29 and I didn't even get the notorious free mary or mimosa. In comparison, the Bellagio Buffet is $25 on the weekend, $31 with unlimited champagne and mimosas.  . . I'm hoping it was justan off day and willing to try it again.  Maybe a weekday will offer more bang for my buck.
I'd been waiting to try Wicked Spoon for quite some time, and FINALLY,  my moment arrived!!  I went for Saturday brunch with a group of friends. First, Wicked Spoon is in the farthest reaches of the Cosmo, on the 2nd floor.  I guess they want you to work up an appetite by walking to the buffet.  We were pleasantly surprised that the line wasn't that long when we walked up at 12p, but they do pull a bit of a bait and switch on you- one quick line for payment, and one LONG line to wait for your table.  Gotcha!!  Luckily, we combined with a few other people to form a party of 8, and they seated us right away, just with a 18% automatic gratuity.. . The buffet set up is great, and the surroundings beautiful.  Bottles of water are already set up on your table, so you don't have to wait for a drink if you need one before the waitress takes your beverage order. I did not care for my OJ (too watery), but that's a minor complaint.  Let's get to the food!!  . . There were so many options... Really too many to name.  My favorite dishes were the French Toast (thick Texas toast, great batter), the eggs with cheese, the Wicked Chicken, the shrimp cocktail, the mashed potatoes (very creamy), and the gnochi.  The carving stations were very good as well. The raved about Angry Mac & Cheese was just so-so (no real kick to it, although it was creamy), the desserts were cute and tasty, but nothing to write home about, and the Korean ribs were extremely fatty.  I was very disappointed with the seafood selection too- it was minimal, at best. . . As far as the cute little individual serving sized dishes and pots and what have you, I'm not really a fan. I understand that it keeps everything separate and clean and portion controlled, but dammit, if I'm at a buffet, I WANT to be a glutton.  Those little dishes are hard to carry and take up a lot of room on your plate. I suppose that's the point, in WS's eyes, but it got to be really annoying. I generally want more than 2 shrimp, so having a little container with a shrimp cocktail with just 2 shrimp in it got on my nerves.  . . Service was pretty decent, friendly and efficient.  However, for the most bang for the buck, the M buffet wins, hands down.
The variety is definitely there. The line was short for dinner. The food was pretty good.   Overall not bad.
I came here with the expectation of just getting a $22 lunch, and this definitely was good value for that, but it's a good $22 lunch at most and nothing more. . . DO NOT come here expecting or comparing it to Wynn buffet or expect to see much seafood, lamb, crab, lobster or good sushi. . . one major pet peeve: don't put out wasabi and soy sauce when you are serving fake sushi, i.e. tempura rolls and crab rolls. You would think that Cosmo would know that these rolls are not real sushi. No sushi would have been better than these sad attempts of adding sushi to the buffet. The asian spread was also extremely lacking. They had fried rice, fried noodle, plain rice, edamame, and kimchee. HM...right, I imagine that any of those buffets you see on the freeway would serve a better asian spread. . . I also saw pics of pork belly buns on Yelp and put that on my try list... but for the whole hour that i was there from 12:30-1:30pm... there was no pork belly bun, i asked and the guy kept saying 5 mins, 5 mins..hm ok. whatever i give up. . . overall, def worth the $22 since lunch anywhere in vegas would cost around that much anyways
This place is a hit or miss. They only put their best food out during the weekends = you have to pay more = the line is longer = not so worth it in the end. There is one thing I will forever rave about in this place and it's the water. THAT DAMN WATER they serve in the bottle is like the BEST water in the world. And no it's not because I was hungover that I enjoyed being hydrated by this fancy water...it just tastes so refreshing! I even googled it to find out how I could purchase this water for myself. Unfortunately, it's only done in bulk for commercial use. Anyways, the strawberries dipped in choc. are pretty good and so is their pizza and mac&cheese. That's all!
After reading all the reviews about this place, we decided to give it a try. We came here on a Tuesday for lunch. It wasn't that packed. The line wasn't so long. We were a party of 8, and it took only about 10 minutes for us to get seated. None of the food I had was really memorable. The food here is definitely different from any other buffet. There's more of a gourmet edge to the food here. The presentation is nice; the food is prepared on individual plates. I don't know that I'd go here every time I visit Vegas. I would need to try out the other popular buffets. The only food here that I really enjoyed was the dessert. This is what I had:. . Udon. Orange chicken . Tacos al pastor. Pancake. Fried chicken. Chicken provencal. Asiago gnocchi. Pecan tart. Cheesecake. Tiramisu and strawberry balsamic gelato
Tried out the buffet haven't been to it since they opened. Wasn't very busy and the selection has changed.   They now have crab legs that are cut in half which were pretty good not salty at all.  They used to have whole shrimp prepare Asian style but not anymore.  They had a omelet section before but that's not there also.  If your interested in sushi don't get it here.   The dessert was very good.  Overall it's not bad but for 35 dollars the price is a little high
The food was decent, not great. I saw some great reviews from some so i was thinking this place would knock my socks off. But it did not $35 a person pretty steep as well. The preparations of food in its own little metal baskets or pans was new and sort of cool. But i for my taste buds still like Rio buffet best. The desserts and variety of them were very good.
Everyone has been reviewing this buffet as the BEST on the strip and I wanted so hard to believe it.  We even went there twice. My party of 9 was there on a saturday the 14th of july and the food was just not picking up.. . Here are some things I noted from my experience:. 1) They didn't refill the trays fast enough, if at all. . 2) Some of the food had already been sitting there for a while.. 3)  Some of the food were rather bland (pastas and even the chicken shawarma had no taste :( ) makes me sad. . 4) Presentation was what they were going for. Everything looked beautiful.. 5) The food containers made it impractical to have more than 2 -3 dishes in a plate. Unless you wanna play tetris with it.. 6) I liked the bone marrow and that was almost about it. . 7) The service was exceptional.. . After my experience here, I don't think I will be coming back. Unless someone wanted to treat me. hehe. I was so excited to go and had so much expectations especially from everyone's reviews, but was met with a disappointment as far as food selection and food taste went. Now, i wasn't able to try the mac and cheese line because it seemed that everyone was there. They probably have better mac and cheese than any other, but who goes to a buffet just for mac and cheese? it is a buffet after all. Maybe it was a bad night for them. I don't know but the only thing that gave a good impression was our waiter and the bone marrow. It was pretty though if that's what you want.
Read all of the reviews here on Yelp and thought we give it a try (normally I dont do buffets but since we wanted to try one in Vegas, this one looks to be a shu win).. Well, we showed up around 5pm and waited about 20 min to be seated (not bad)... Lots of dishes from all over the world, but los of them were carbs designed to get you full very fast, lots of breads, cheese, cold meats. the usual crabs legs and shrimp cocktail, their sushi wasa joke (imitation crab rolls) only a couple of selection. Some of the servers were very nice and the other half had attitudes? (I paid so cut me the meat I want and give a smile, this is also true with the sorbet guy,, kinda rude). Wine and sodas were included in the $35 price tag... Bone marrow was on the menu but I decided to pass.  The mild in the buffet was saved by the deserts and my waitress was one of the nicer ones. . . I think I'll stick with the restuarants off the strip!!
Compared to other Las Vegas buffets, Wicked Spoon is on the higher end of things - the seating area is more removed from the food lines and the decor is more upscale (beautiful blown-glass chandeliers!). The service was decent when we went, although Mirage's buffet service was better. The food selection here is smaller than other buffets, but that's not too big of a problem because those items are often better-madethan other buffets. The omelet station is delicious and the wicked fried chicken and angry mac-and-cheese was worth trying - even at breakfast time. I wouldn't make a visit just for this restaurant, but if you're staying at Cosmopolitan, it's a decent breakfast stop in the building.
I FINALLY came here for dinner!! On a Thursday evening, had it with my family (6) for 235!! lol. $35 each. . . - Use the Cosmo card and get $10 back in 24 hours! SLOTS BABY! :). - Come early. We got there at 6pm, 1st thing to do: GRAB the macarons! I guarantee that if you do not, you will not have any for desserts! lol. - Selection is a bit different than lunch. - NO FRIED CHICKEN? :(!!! BUT fish and chips..ehh okay... - CRAB! yum.. - BONE MARROW!? That must be an acquired taste. Taste greasy and fattening.. - NO KBBQ RIBS!? :(!! BUT spare ribs...Ehhh okay... - NO baked sashimi salmon!? BUT actual baked salmon...ehh okay... - YUMMY carnitas AND crispy tacos!!! (dinner only) :). - I didn't get to try the build your own sauteed shrimp and clams..long line :(. It looked REALLY DELICIOUS though... - Now being able to compare lunch vs. dinner, I'd say LUNCH.
Sorry Wicked Spoon you got downgraded in stars due to your buffet closing at 3pm, yet you still seat people at 2:15pm. We arrived later in the afternoon, come on... it's vegas, people wake up late and go for a brunch. Anyways we get in there around 2:15 and here we are trying to scramble to get some food and it's very overcrowded and you guys stop refilling the food around 3pm... it was kind of a bust. The food is unique but it's wasn't all that.
Very nice interior decors and embellishments providing an elegant appearance and relaxing ambiance.  . . My girlfriends and came here for lunch during our visit to Vegas. Luckily we didn't have to wait in the long line since we had a large party (but, we did have to compensate for gratuity!) Our server was well attentive and made sure our drinks were refilled! They serve the typical buffet food which tasted mediocre; nothing really too extravagant. I think my favorite was the dessert bar - their gelatos were sweet and delicious.. . I'm not much of a buffet person so I don't think I got my moneys worth at this place! :)
Reserving my final judgment of this place as I was ill at the time wehad eaten here.. . The concept is pretty cool, lots of dishes served in individual portions. Whereas most buffet experiences are you strolling around and around, this buffet seemed to have a lot of variety that you always found something different or new to try anytime you made your rounds. The sauteed shrimp station seemed to be the most popular. . . Some highlights (of what I could swallow):. - prime rib. - crab legs. - bone marrow. - udon noodles. . The service seemed a bit all over the place. The waitress slammed down a drink on the table and ended up spilling it on our table. Moments later, that same waitress did the same thing at the table behind us.. . Like I said, i will be wiling to come back here to give a better assessment of this place.
First impression was OMG their food presentation is soooo cute.  A lot of the foods came in little tiny pots, pans, skillets, and dry frying baskets!  I just thought that was so adorable and a great way for folks not to grab too much food because I always scoop way too much.. . As for the food, it was mediocre.  Now I'm not a big fan of buffets because I feel like I can never get my money's worth!  I almost always over stuff myself and I feel gross afterwards!  . . The buffet is quite pricey.  It was almost $40 dollars with gratuity!  I can't eat that much food!  I could've spent that $40 on a nice quality steak or something haha.  . . My favorite item from the entire buffet would have to be the pistachio gelato.
After luckily getting in line for only a 15 minute wait, my nineteen friends and I finally got to have lunch on a Saturday! The decor gave it a more modern feel (it IS in the Cosmopolitan, after all), and the area was neat. I was told that it was the most popular buffet in LV, but it still hurt to fork over $30 for a lunch. . . We were seated on two large round tables next to each other, and were served beverages in a reasonable amount of time. We then left for the food we had been starving ourselves to eat!. . It probably is worse at dinner time, but I did not find myself having to wait in lines for the food I wanted, which was nice. To give you an idea of the variety, I stuffed myself with the following items, among others: Korean Style BBQ ribs, asparagus salad, egg's benedict, shrimp tempura rolls, sashimi, smoked salmon with capers, mussels, pan-cooked udon, edamame, goat cheese with honey pizza, cut of lamb and beef shoulder, baked salmon, pork belly bun, and assorted fruit. Whew! Most dishes were separated into individual portions, such as cute little asian take out boxes for the edamame, and small wire baskets for some of the fried items. Many dishes were replenished regularly. There was an amazing display of delicious looking desserts that you can walk around, but I was so full at that point that it was difficult to fit the two half scoops of blood orange and pistachio gelato I got.. . I would have to say on the whole, this buffet did not live up to the popularity I was told it had. While there were some great dishes (creamy egg's benedict, crunchy shrimp tempura sushi, and mouth-watering gelato), I do not want to come across an average, possibly even BELOW average dish anywhere in the buffet for the price I paid for that lunch. The BBQ ribs were a bit salty, the steak was tough considering how rare it was, and the udon was a take-out basket of monotony. Sometimes used dishes got crowded in the middle of our table for a while.. . I may come back here if I can get a cheaper price on the weekdays, but I am convinced you can find better bang for your buck elsewhere in Vegas.
From all the hype I've heard about this place I was pretty disappointed when I actually ended up eating here for lunch. The presentation of the food is definitely amazing. But it isn't amazing enough to make up for the mediocrity of the food itself. The food is...average. Most of the food was overcooked/dry/poorly seasoned. Yea there is more variety here than most, but I feel like they focus more on quantity/visual appeal than the quality of food itself. But it is a good experience so I would recommend trying it at least once, but I probably wouldn't eat there again. Although I've come to accept that regardless of the price, buffets are buffets, so you can't really expect too much out of the food quality. . .  **I just have a weak spot for the cute individual servings they have here. Especially the little fryer baskets the fried chicken comes in...the fried chicken itself is meh. That's the only reason I'd probably eat here again. **. . I don't know, headed to Vegas again this weekend so maybe I'll decide to give it a second chance...maybe...this or the Wynn.
I came here on a Sunday afternoon during lunch. Cost was $29 and the wait was about 20 minutes to get to the register.  There was also another line to get a table but somehow we got really lucky and was seated right away.  Honestly, lunch is not GREAT. Food was ehhhh.  They had the usual pasta station, chinese food station, sushi station, omellete station, meat station, and breakfast foods station.  Maybe it was because I stayed up until 5am that morning and didn't have an appetite after eating $2.99 steak and eggs at Hooters, but very few plates stood out to me.  My boyfriend really liked their egg soup though and salmon sushi was very fresh.  Dessert was definitely something to rave about but other than that, it was just an ehhh experience.  I really wish we were able to go to dinner because I know they would have had MUCH better food! So if you can, I would definitely recommend splurging for dinner rather than lunch!
it was good. my iced tea was average. the bone marrow, which i was SUPER excited about, was super bleh. that was a letdown. the desserts were delish! once i went over to that block, i found myself wishing id only indulged in ginormous choc covered strawberries, gelato in freshly made waffle bowls, pecan tarts with fancy silver pearls, and choc molten cake. sigh. can you tell i RUV sugar!? . . their braised brisket was GOOD, as were the mustard greens that accompanied it. the crab, a touch salty, but eaten plentifully as is the role of the asian at the buffet. they had these watermelon tequila shooters that ifound intriguing and yum (although a piece of asparagus flew into my shot). . . the theme is quite cute. i fell in love with the mini fryer baskets that the fish n chips came in, as well as the baby to go containers that housed the asian dishes. i just wish the food selection had been better..... special shoutout to my lovely BIL for the meal!
As Vegas buffets go this is another one on the strip. What makes this one stand out is that it offers some of the dishes in their own container, like mini metal pots with handles.. . We had Sunday Brunch here, so I don't know what is on the regular menu verse the brunch menu. They were offering Personal Omelets, however I just wanted a thin layer of egg, crepe style. I tried to tell the cook that, but he thought that he knew better and proceeded to make it his way and then gave me a lecture as to how an omelette is made. What is the point of having a personal cook when they don't listen to what you want. I was so put off by this, I almost lost my appetite. Almost, but the thought of the dessert station help sooth my tummy.. . I would have given this place 4 stars, but I must remove one for the attitude of the cook at the omelet station.
3.5 stars.  I have been meaning to try Wicked Spoon for some time and I finally got the chance to!  I didn't find the buffet as great as Bellagio (though this buffet appears to have higher reviews) since they're both about the same price.  . . Not as much sushi, their meat was either dry, chewy (korean bbq ribs), salty, and the waiter never really bus-ed the table.  I eventually had to put away some of my dishes since they were cluttered.  I think having to bus some of my own dishes ruined my experience.
I am not much of a buffet guy so don't ake the 3 stars to heart.  I do recall going to the Wynn, Belagio, Rio buffet in my pre-yelping days.. . $40.00 entrance and everything I tried was fresh and prepared well.. . The stand out for me was the slab of bacon.  . . The Korean Style BBQ ribs were good but too chewy.
The food I had was amazing and the presentation was outstanding. However I dont think the selection was as good as other buffets. The Asian selection was by far the worst.
Great price for Saturday brunch ($30)! And almost no wait at 1pm!. . Delicious: French toast (thick, moist, nutty), artichoke and crab salad, strawberry balsamic and thai iced tea gelato, eggs benedict, smoked salmon (generous heaps on cute rectangular mini plates). . Not delicious: cooked green vegetables, Korean short ribs (heavily charred), grilled salmon (salty), the chocolate on the chocolate-covered strawberries (despite being coated with oreo or butterfinger crumbs). . The tiny plates and bowls some dishes came in we're adorable. But also heavy, space-consuming, and wasteful.
This review should be taken with a grain of salt since my group and I came here severely intoxicated. That being said, the food here was great from what I remember.. . Unfortunately, I dont recall everything that I had but what I do remember was that the prime rib and leg of lamb were AMAZING. Both were cooked to a perfect rare/medium rare and we so soft and juicy and they had au jus on the side too. . The sushi bar was somewhat lacking since they only had shrimp, snapper, and egg nigiri...from what i remember...I only paid attention to eating the snapper and shrimp haha and they were decently fresh but had tiny slivers of fish with a lot of rice. The wasabi was presented beautifully in the shape of a leaf and I dont think I was able to find the soy sauce...it must have been hiding from me cuz I might have drank the whole thang. . . What they need to work on is their truffle mac n cheese that wasn't very truffly and the duck ravioli that didnt taste anything like duck. They also had some veal meatball spaghetti but the veal was way overcooked and dry. . . For $47, I probably didn't get my moneys worth. However, the next time Im back in Vegas, I'll be back to really see how good it is haha.. . P.S. The waiting line goes by really quickly if your group is buzzing and having fun haha.
Presentation was what made it nice, each dish in its own little pot, pan or dish made it really fun & different but the food itself was just ok.  But the dessert bar was the thing that redeems this place for me to try it again.
This buffet is pretty sub par compared to others I've been to. And that's saying a lot, especially since I think the buffet at Rio is better than this one. . . Other than their food being portioned out in cute little presentations, this buffet doesn't have much to offer selection wise. However, their dessert selection looked quite good. I guess I should mention I did come here for brunch, so perhaps dinner would be a better option. The only memorable things here were their thai tea ice cream served in a waffle bowl and their korean bbq ribs. Seeing as how I was pretty hungry before eating here and I only picked at two plates of food, I would say this place isn't worth the price. At $30, I would've expected better. I would much rather pay $50 for a better buffet. And I've also never had a buffet charge me gratuity because of a large party before. I mean, it's a buffet, all you do is pick up my plate (which they didn't really do) and serve me drinks.
If I'd written this review soon after it opened, it would have had 5 stars. Unfortunately since then, it's raised the price and the selection has gone south a bit as well. Gone are the pre-peeled crab claws, and the macaroni and cheese bars hasn't been open on a few occasions I've been there as well. While the individual portions make for a more elegant display than at a traditional buffet, now the cute mini-pots are often left sitting on the the hot line and the quality has gone down a bit.. . That being said, there are still many things I like about this buffet. It's a good place for large groups, and they make my favorite gelato in Vegas: Salty Peanut. The cheese selection is pretty good, and the pork rillettes is superb. I'm a fan of the bone marrow, and the Brussels sprouts too. Their shrimp cocktail is the best I've had at any buffet.. . Service can also be slightly spotty if you're someone that needs a few refills over the course of the meal. They have an unlimited wine special for about $8 a glass, and the house wine is pretty good.. . Hopefully they'll either raise their standards and selection back to the quality of  this buffet when it opened or at least lower their prices-- because I would love to be able to amend my review and give the Wicked Spoon the 5 stars I would have when it first opened!
This review is an update.. . . I FINALLY went for dinner and was not impressed.. $38 for a buffet is an OK deal, but there are honestly not a lot of options for this price and a lot of the food wasn't even ready/plated when I walked up to the table.  The dessert area didn't have too many options either, and actually have the same stuff they have during brunch.. . Different items that were added for dinner include bone marrow and deep fried oysters, but other than that nothing really stood out for me... . We eat with our eyes first, and although Wicked Spoon is a pretty buffet - its very much lacking variety/taste.
Food: Overall, the food is tasty, but the some of the items are overcooked or dry. An example meat that was overcooked was the Korean dry ribs. The nice thing about water is that they had a nice glass water bottle on the table for you to use and refill your glass at your own leisure.  I would have liked more food with the plastic syringe containing a syrup or sauce, but that's because I like fun food. :) There were only two that had them. The small cheese platter was delectable. I love how the food was small and cutely presented. The stirfry vegetables (Asian) was very chewy and overcooked. They should have pruned the vegetables, leaving the parts that were still fresh and cut them into more bite sized pieces. Yes, you can cut it, but it was so chewy that cutting it with the provided knife was not useful. I also loved the gelato section. I got the Thai tea gelato and it tasted heavenly. The deep fried tofu was so dry but the peanut sauce was yummy. My three favorite dishes were the bacon and tomato salad with candied bacon, the strawberry shortcake, and the best one, the crostini with grilled peach on top (DELICIOUS). I  ended up eating a lot because I was trying all sorts of things, but it was a fun experience. The best food is at the dessert and cold food sections for me.. . Atmosphere: This place is beautifully decorated with a modern feel. It is located at the Cosmopolitan which has a modern interior too. We had dinner there on Wednesday night, so there was no line. Since there wasn't a lot of people there, we had a nice quiet dinner.. . Service: For a place that charges me more than $30 a person ($34.99 to be exact for a Wednesday night), I expect the service to be more attentive/quick. Our table for two did not have room for the plates we were actively eating plus the plates we were finished using. I expected them to sweep in and remove the plates. They were rather slow and took their time doing so.. . Bottom line: I give this buffet a 3.5 but am rounding down to 3 after having gone to the Bacchanal Buffet. :) You are welcome to check out my review of the Bacchanal Buffet on yelp too.
I came here for a post-bachelor party brunch.. The line wasn't ridiculous at that point, so it wasn't too bad.. . The food is definitely different from a typical Vegas buffet, they try to put items on small plates or small baskets. This is a nice touch but it does take up a lot of space on the plate. For example, two pieces of small fried chicken comes in it's own mini basket. That's cool and all, but it takes up a quarter of the plate. There were probably 3 sushi rolls (at least one was spider and it wasn't too bad), but that is just a tease for me. . . Overall the quality of the individual items are pretty good, but the selection is kind of a turn off if you are really looking for that. The drink service was a little slow as well. The novelty of the whole  things is probably worth coming here once, but that's about it.
I'm not usually a fan of buffets, but this one was different and the little details definitely stood out to me. I liked the small portions.. that probably helps with their waste of food from customers.. smart. I also liked the purified water bottles that are environmentally friendly and also cuts down on bugging the wait staff for refills. We came in for lunch and waited about 20 minutes in line for a seat... this place is no joke! I couldn't fully enjoy my meal after a wild, crazy night in Vegas.. but I tried. I really liked the mashed potatoes, mussels in wine sauce, their salmon, pastas, pizza and short ribs. For dessert there was some nice options, including massive chocolate covered strawberries, macrons and other various desserts. I also forgot to mention their wide selection of gelato. I'd definitely wanna come back to try their dinner selections.
Wicked Spoon Buffet is located in the back of the Cosmopolitan. However, I noticed that the hotel guest elevators were really close to the entrance of Wicked Spoon. We came to this buffet with a very large group. They were able to accommodate us in various smaller tables. We had the brunch which was around $30 a person before tax. Since we had such a large group, they kindly included the gratuity. We noticed that some of the other tables had unlimited mimosas. If you want the unlimited mimosas, it will cost you an additional $9.. . I love the presentation of the food here. However, this buffet is all about looks and not about the food. I was expecting the food to be better, but I noticed that their food primarily consists of carbs. I am not trying to fill myself up on carbs. There were so many pasta dishes, it wasn't really that funny. For the price that we paid, I would have preferred to have gone somewhere else. I wish that they had more variety of food. However, at least I could say that I have tried this buffet at least once.
Went to this buffet (gorgeous decor by the way) two weeks ago and although it was great, it's not the best buffet I've eaten at.  I do have to agree with the other reviewers that the options were poor.  The quality was good and the portion control in individual containers helped but other than that, I'd say this was more like a three star place.  Luckily I didn't do the weekend $40-/+ buffet that most mentioned.  We went on a Monday during brunch time and it was about $22 I think.  Not bad for an all you can eat place in Vegas as it kept me full all day, but I felt the lack of options bored me and was done within 45 minutes.  I expected a little more from a place that looks so posh!
Fairly disappointed in this buffet even though it is considered ont of the top 10 buffets on the Vegas strip. . . I think I came on the wrong day because everything tasted bland...the only good thing were the gelatos. Can't get that wrong right? Would I come back and pay $38 with the chances of it being better than the first time? Maybe not...
Based on the hype, I expected to be blown away by all the savory spoonfuls I would encounter here, but most of the flavors were just OK.  The highlights for me were the duck ravioli and the bread pudding.  These two dishes deserve 5 stars while all the others deserve 3.  Some of the dishes were so overwhelming or heavy that you couldn't eat more than a bite if you expected to sample many other things.  Some of the food was cold--like the calamari and other dishes looked like they may have been sitting there a little too long. . . In fairness, I ate dinner here the day after I ate breakfast at the Wynn's breakfast buffet.  Lets face it, the Wynn breakfast buffet is hard to beat. .  . In summary, I paid twice the money to eat at Wicked Spoon fora meal that was about half as good.   It would be very cool if they developed a concept of literally serving spoonfuls of their dishes on this buffet.
Nice lovely ambiance. Great service. For $8 more you can have bottomless wine. Many dishes are served in individual mini pots, bowls and baskets - which is cute! They have rare items in buffets e.g. bone marrow which had made me excited when i heard about it before i went. However it didn't execute well, taste disappointed with a full mouthful of grease. Japanese food selection is tiny - no sashimi, and only some types of simple rolls. King crab legs are not as big & fresh as the ones at Bellagio. They have big Italian section though - Mac n cheese, pasta, pizza etc. I do like their cook-to-order mussels in your choice of broth; the very fresh cocktail shrimps; and the pork ribs in BBQ sauce. They also have a large variety of desserts - macarons, chocolate covered strawberries, lots of different flavors of gelato and more! Overall worth a try, but it wouldn't be my #1 buffet in Vegas.
I have been wanting to try out the Wicked Spoon for the longest time but never really had the time to go to Vegas :( So I was very excited to finally get to try this place out when I went to Vegas with a couple of friends.. . I don't even know where to start..when I walked in for the first time I was in awe.. Everything looked fantastic! I grabbed anything and everything, haha. I honestly really wanted to like this buffet, but Ithought the food was just mediocre. In fact - they were quite bland. There were indeed a few dishes that were quite tasty, but I'd say 80% of the food didn't even taste very seasoned... . As for dessert - the chocolate lava cake is a MUST have. It was AMAZING! I've also heard that the Wicked Spoon is known for their delicious macarons but I found them very dry! They only come out with two flavors at a time (except during Easter), so I was able to try their Raspberry and Orange(?) macarons but I thought the filling was too sour and was just not as good as I had expected. I had high hopes for this place but it was a disappointment.. don't get me wrong, it wasn't terrible or anything, I just don't think it was all that great. It really did not exceed my expectations at all.
Overall a good buffet. We came for lunch and it was about $40/pp. The decor is really pretty, set up nice, location is HORRIBLE. Why is it so far from the center of the hotel?! It's practically hidden in some far corner in the farthest end of the hotel - at least that's what it felt like during our trek to the Wicked Spoon. Food was good, but the meat carver hated his life and showed it to everyone. Lol. My favorite - the dessert! They had Thai tea ice cream!
I checked out the Wicked Spoon last Monday and I have to say that it was pretty good. The food choices were good but many of the foods were very rich. I would have liked more of a mix of flavors. Some of the dishes were good like the fried chicken, kimchee rice, prime rib and shrimp ceviche.  The sushi was not impressive nor was the salad selection. It also seemed that some of the tasty dishes lingered under the lamp too long.  I know that it is a fine balance of keeping food fresh but some dishes were not popular and the staff kept placing out more of it instead of replenishing the other depleted areas. Overall, I'd give it another try but maybe lunch to save a few bucks.
Well I wish I could give this place a higher rating but unfortunately I can't because for the price, everything they offer just isn't so great.. To stay on the positive side, I will call out what we thought really stood out during our visit:. Chocolate/Toffee Covered Strawberries - Excellent, I could've overdosed on these!. Custom Made Mac N Cheese - Probably the #1 hot dish that they serve here, delicious!. Pizza - A very nice variety indeed. They had a French Onion Pizza that rocked!. Our Waiter was fantastic and right on the spot!
Simple is beautiful (sometimes) and this is where Wicked Spoon gets it wrong. . . Chocolate covered strawberries mmmm.. but wait.. chocolate covered strawberries with oreo crumbs?! Mm no thank you. What a disappointment. I came all the way to Wicked Spoon for the unlimited chocolate covered strawberries only to find them covered with all kinds of big sized chunky crumbs. If the crumbs were significantly smaller and crumbier, then maybe it would go better, but they weren't. Chocolate covered strawberries by themselves are amazing, so there really isn't any need to add anything else to them. . . As for the rest of the buffet, well, Wicked Spoon went simple with the selection, and that is why I added sometimes to my comment above. Simple isn't always best, especially when it comes to the selection of food at a buffet. There were very little choices. They had like one item from each food group, which I guess is fine for those who don't eat much, but um this is a buffet. . . Wicked Spoon should spend less time sprinkling crumbs onto their strawberries and more time expanding the food offerings.. . Tips for the lines:.      - They have two lines, one to pay and one to be seated. I'd recommend having half your party stand in the pay line and the other half in the seating line. That way when you're done paying you don't have to wait in line all over again..      - You could just stand in the to be seated line and say that you didn't know the two lines were different. We did that the first time we went here and they just let us pay really quickly and seated us. Though, we actually didn't know the lines were different.
Wicked Spoon, you guys need to change it up.  The menu has literally been the same since you guys first opened up and everything was overly salty this past Saturday.. . We only go here since we never have to wait in line.  I truly feel that Bacchanal is a better buffet. But I will give the edge in desserts to Wicked Spoon. . . BTW their prices keeps going up while their food standards slowly sinks.
There was a variety of different foods.  My one issue was that the food was not piping hot.  It was luke warm and then it was cold and not appetizing.  The mashed potatoes looked smooth and creamy, but were super salty.  I think they may have been boiled in salt water, then butter and salt added at the end.  I loved the look of the buffet area.  . . Our server Sally was great and attentive.  There was variety I just was not satisfied.
I definitely have mixed feelings about this buffet after coming here for lunch with the lady.. . WICKED DISLIKES:. . I found the carving station...seriously LACKING for a carnivore. Marrow...and bacon...and sausages...with a "chef" that tells people to wait all the time to the point that people grab stuff themselves? What a joke. [Look, I'm not complaining that there is no prime rib or slow cooked ribs or a rack of awesome hotness being unavailable...it's pretty sad for a meat carving section when I pass by more than 10 times to find the "chef" cleaning his area like he has OCD because he has nothing to serve]. . Salad and greens...where are thee? You are missing just like the meat in the meat section! Little-overkill-on-the-dressing-Caesars-salad-in-a-bowl is the only leafy green available?. . Chinese food...OMFG...you fall under the definition of CRAP. The packaging, which used mini-Chinese-paper-take-out-little-boxes was freaking awesome though.. . Korean BBQ [their version of galbi]...easily has the highest turnover for any meat at the buffet since I'm sure people are trying to get their meat fix one way or the other and have been clearing this mound of meat within 1 min after the "chef" piles it on...well, tastes NASTY [overmarinated, 50-60% fat...just saying]. . WICKEDLY AWESOME:. . Steamed clams. You'll find these beauties in a bowl...lusciously presenting the inner-selves to you with hints of tomatoes and garlic. This became my staple dish during lunch here...and I RAIDED that section (with the assistance of the lady as well)...they put 20 out, we grab 5 bowls...GANGNAM STYLE. It wasn't long before the "chefs" got the hint that their clams were a hit at 2 pm and replenished it repeatedly all the way to closing time.. . Now here's the thing that prevented me from DINGING the crap out of this place when it's priced on average higher than most other buffets.... . It seems like Wicked Spoon Buffet forgot to add one word to their name and that is DESSERTS.. . I don't even eat DESSERTS. I remind most people that I don't care about DESSERTS. But I found myself eating a LOT of DESSERT here.. . WICKING VERDICT:. . Definitely not a meat-eaters paradise...as this place was created for you freaking SUGAR ADDICTS.
I'm not a fan of buffet but heard this one was different. And it was. I have to give credit to the concept of serving 'gourmet' dishes. Visually it was impressive but once we started to eat we realize it was okay. I shouldn't be surprised that the crab legs tasted like they were defrosted, Korean ribs were tough and many other dishes over-salted. . . Dessert also looked so impressive but only the gelato was decent. All that chocolate wasted as it was tasteless.
In general, I do not like eating at buffets but this one was pretty enjoyable.
The best buffet for desserts. Unfortunately, I'm not a big fan of "sweets.". Service was good, except for the hostess who acted upset when I asked for a larger table than the tiny table for two. I'm not a fan of the small portion servings, because their containers make it difficult to carry. The food was really good, and a big variety for everyone. Might go back, have to try Caesar's new Bacchanal buffet in December.
From the outside the place looks great, but I'm all about the food quality more than the presentation and I've got to say Wicked Spoon still needs some improvement. . . I tried almost everything they had to offer, and I was glad they at least had crab legs and shrimp,  if I'm going to pay $40 /person I better be eating some seafood. The Korean short ribs were just ok, the quality of the meat was not that great. The fried oysters were cold when I got them, and when I tried a fresh batch they cooked it didn't really have any flavor. The mini sloopy joe burgers were pretty good, but I didn't pay this price to eat burgers. The prime rib I got to say was pretty tender and cooked well, but I'm not a huge fan of prime rib so needless to say I wasn't impressed by that either. . . Moving on to the desserts..the presentation looked all so lovely, but most of the ones in the little tiny cups weren't that great. The flan was pretty good and not too sweet. They had these tiny orange macarons which were pretty yummy. My favorite dessert was the ice cream,which I believe it was the caramel chocolate one I had. The ice cream was rich and creamy and probably by far the best thing I think I had at the buffet. . . So I was not impressed by them at all, I essentially paid $40 to eat really really good ice cream, which I could have gotten a whole bucket worth. I still recommend the M Buffet at the M Resort. Their buffet not only includes unlimited Wine and Beer, but their crab legs are Warm!! And all their desserts are yummy, especially the creme brulee.
I expected a lot based on the Yelp reviews. I was highly disappointed. The food was good, but nothing exceptional. There are many other buffets in Vegas that are better for the same price. The desserts looked better than they tasted.
Went here with my family for Thanksgiving, and through some ingenuity avoided a terrible 2-hour wait time. Considering it's part of a pretty ritzy hotel, the markup is understandably steep per head. As other reviewers have mentioned, the selection isn't grand--and usually a smaller menu comes with better tasting items. In Wicked Spoon's case, however, that sentiment holds only partially true. . . My personal favorite spot of the buffet was the macaroni stand. If you've ever eaten at a University lunch or dinner room, it's basically one of those tell-a-guy-to-make-awesome-things stations, albeit with better quality ingredients (I particularly appreciate the inclusion of feta and steak), but it's really nothing extraordinary. The cooks are awesome though, they strike up conversation easily. If you manage to get on their good sides, they pile stuff on for you. . . The seafood was surprisingly dull, but it was nice that all the typical elderly folk that camp the crab legs weren't around the few times I've been here. Maybe that's because they know there are better places? Who knows.. . Hot items were also a plus; the prime rib was nicely seasoned and none too tough, and pretty much everything that had to do with steak was delicious. . . I think the real winner for WS, in my opinion, was the infinite gelato. Nutella, thai iced tea, raspberry, stracciatella (basically vanilla and chocolate) -- totally worth the short lines to get 'em. The other desserts were pretty much "meh.". . Service, despite being a crazy packed Thanksgiving day, was very attentive and friendly--we even had a no-show to our dinner; but the waiters gladly refunded that charge without any hassle.. . All in all, a good place, but for the price-to-taste ratio, I'd make the trip out to the M for the Studio B buffet over this any day.
I'm not sure what the hype is about...they won best buffet a year or so ago, and USA Today in Sept 2012 rated them #5 on best buffets in Vegas.  . . We went on a Thursday...and we came right when they opened and were all set up for service.  No excuse right?  The food HAD to be done well.  Oh it was done well alright...3 hours ago.  . . On the plus side:. . - Warm molten lava cakes. - Great gelato selection (and some creative choices as well like Thai Tea gelato). - Foie gras chestnut macaroons. - Mac and cheese bar (made by a super nice guy who actually seasons food - huge plus). - Creative salad and cold station. - Dessert station was solid and one of the better ones I've had. - Food presentation was pretty nice. . Not a plus:. - Very weak seafood selection for a top-end Vegas buffet. - The carved meats were all dry (they needed some love). - The meatloaf tasted like a homemade meatball that I stuck in to a microwave for 8 minutes to dehydrate.  . - Food sat under the light way too long, and if I'm the third table to be sat at the opening of dinner service, that's saying something.. - Pig ear salad...total fail (you can't even crisp up the pig ears to add texture?). . Yea I get it...it's a buffet, but for $40+, I've had better.
Beautiful! Not the usual buffet. Great cheese plates and cold cuts but the hot food wasn't special. Tasty, but don't build it up in your head.
I came here for dinner with a huge group ofpeople (20+) and we ended up spending $50/person including Tax and gratuity. There were a lot of options and the food was gourmet but I definitely didn't eat $50 worth of food. I especially didn't like the crab legs were cut in half down the length of the legs. I also didn't like that most of their gourmet items were in their own little dishes and pots - look up way too much space on my plate and I had to get up multiple times to get the rest of the buffet. Because of all these obstacles that were in place, you got full quickly and couldn't eat your money's worth. I also didn't like that they left bottles of wine at our table, making us believe they were free, when they were only advertising the wine for us to purchase. . . On a positive note, the desert bar was amazing! They had a gelato station and the Thai Tea flavor tasted EXACTLY like the actual tea itself. It was awesome. There were a lot of delicate mini chocolate deserts. DELICIOUS! I had to make several trips to the desert bar because it was so good.
Food is ok. Some hits and some misses. Service was mediocre. Not real busy on Saturday night and lots of servers standing around.
Whoo-hoo! My very 1st Vegas buffet!. . Wicked Spoon is located inside the Cosmopolitan. Fortunately, there was no waiting line Friday before the Christmas. The price was $42 for holiday dinner. Once I walked into the buffet, I was simply overwhelmed by the elegant dining atmosphere. However, I wasn't particular pleased with the service I got. Not only did I not receive a bottle of water when I sat down, our waiter was slow and non-responsive when I tried to request for more water.  . . What a food selection! Pork ribs, kalbi beef ribs, miso soup, bone marrows, prime ribs, risottos, etc. Nevertheless, I was disappointed on how SALTY some of these food were (especially Asian food). For instance, miso soup tasted like salt water. On the brighter side, salmon was very good and gelato and kalamansi coconut panna cotta were not too shabby! Gelato was creamy and kalamansi coconut panna cotta wasn't too sweet.  . . Overall - 5 stars for dining environment and food selection, 4 stars for desserts, and 2 stars for service and salty food.
After waiting 2+ hours today for brunch for $37 this is the verdict.... . To be honest, I was underwhelmed. Don't get me wrong, the decor and the atmosphere of the seated area was lovely. It was just so pretty and nicely lit that sometimes you get fooled by how good your overall experience was just because the atmosphere was amazing... but decor aside.... the food was not up to par.. . Lets begin.... . Of course i was starving after waiting 2.5 hours.. who wouldn't be?. . I was expecting the selection to be much bigger and grander. The dishes were nothing spectacular.. a couple of Asian dishes here and there, several sushi choices, a hot meat carving station, salad/cold cut station, and a dinky little omelet/build your own taco salad station.. . To be fair, I love how they plated everything. With the individual cups/pots/baskets, that makes the experience a little more fun and definitely makes the food seem more appetizing.. . I was disappointed because after walking around several times, I only found several items that seemed appealing to me. Here are some of the things that were worth noting.. . -very fresh smoked salmon: can't really go wrong with this. -bbq rib: actually very tender and fell off the bone. -prime rib: perfectly cooked and just the right amount of fat. -asparagus and green beans with garlic: veggies + garlic = win all the time. -gelato: i had the balsamic strawberry, pistachio, and almond joy all very yummy and great in flavor. -chocolate covered strawberries encrusted with nuts: yum to die for..the nuts were the perfect touch. -pumpkin flavored flan: this was actually very good and not overly sweet. . The not soo noteworthy... and semi disappointing. -bone marrow: everyone raved about it.. but ours were dry and barely had any marrow. -sauteed shrimp: you can tell that the shrimp was not fresh and overly cooked, yack. -braised pork: it came in a little pot and was atop a layer of white beans.. very bland in flavor... -sushi selection: yellow tail nigiri.. omg, the slice of fish was sooo thin, what is this??. -seared salmon: bland, no flavor, what waste to a nice piece of fish. -pasta dishes: didn't look appealing to me, my friends said they were nothing too special. -braise pork ribs in little to-go containers: tooo salty!!!. -cold crab legs: i wished they were warm.. you can kinda tell they just defrost them. :(. . The Service. -actually very slow...and not that great. Took forever just to get our ice tea refilled.. . . Overall?. I would probably not return based on my experience today. I mean, their selection of desserts is on par and great... but their other food selection, or rather the lack of selection, really makes the steep price a bit hard to swallow.. . There are better buffets out there.
I had a mixed feeling about the place. I came with fairly high expectations due to the reviews on the Trip Advisor and Yelp. The place has its high and low notes. My tasting was focus on the dishes that other places do not usually offer in the buffet.. . In short, the high note is the service, food presentation, concept and some flavoful dishes.The host promptly greated me and lead me to the table. He made me feel comfortable through some small chat. The waiter then came to me and brings me some drinks. The waiters also clean the dishes very promptely.. . The low note is that a fair amount of the dishes are lukewarm and sometimes even cold.  There are some lousy dishes especially in the Asian Station.. . Salad/Starter station: This is probalby the best station to my opinion. It has variouse selections for salad, cheese,deli meat,breads, shrimp cocktail, chiveche.  I enjoyed all the salad dishes and think they are very well balanced and fresh. The bread is just okay to me.. . Sea food station: I only tried grilled salmon. It cooked fine (not perfectly), but it is only lukewarm, which is the best downfall for most of the dishes I had during my visit. I also tried the liver dish. The liver was cooked perfectly. . . Meat station: I tried the roasted leg of lamb. It has good flavor by itself and the sause is a also very good compliment to the dish.  The bone marrow is also good. I didn't not try to prime rib, but it looked to me a bit on the rare side. I also tried fried chicken. The fried chicken is disapoiniting. It is moist inside but the skin is not crispy. It is mushy. The braised lamb is also pretty good.. . Mac and Cheese Station: I skipped. Not a fan.. . Italian Station: A very good seleciton of pizza, pinini and pasta. I didn't have the room for any more food. Otherwise, I will defintiely hit one or two items in the station. They look properly cooked.. . Asian Station: I skipped most of the dishes. As an asian, they look lousy to me and typical selection of the Korean short ribs. The sushi looks more like what you can buy in your grocery store, which is the case for all of the typical buffet unless it is a sushi buffet. I did try the pickled ginger to test the freshness. It was okay and has a bit more acidity than I am used to. The reman is okay. It could be better if it were hot. I did taste a bit of sake in the broth. However, the broth does not have the depth. The fried squid is not good at all. Skip it. . . Dessert Station: A wide varity of the selection including French Macaroons, Opera, rice pudding shorts, eclair, dipped strawberry etcs.  I have to say though the selection is good, the tasting is so so for the delicate Macanroons. The ice cream is pretty good, though still not close to local specialized ice gream shops.. . In conclusion, the place offers some good flavorful dishes compared to typical buffet places. The tasting menu style serving size is also a plus for me. In the end, it still fall short primarily due to the lukewarm dishes.  It is better than most of the other buffet if not on par, but it does not have enough excelent dishes for me to go back to fork out $40 again.
i really wanted to give this place 5 stars the moment i walked in..... . but i could not.... . the server was too busy to take care of us and we were so thirsty since all their food were so salty...... . only highlight was the dessert section with some good cheese cake and great gelato selection..... . or else..dont come since the fat server guy was too busy to take care of you unless you look like you'll tip big i suppose. . oh and ps..dont get their shoyu ramen in the small bowl..the soup is just nothing but a mixture of water and soy sauce....dimsum that comes in the chinese takeout box...also no no..
I think my expectations were too high.. . It was ~$200 for four of us. That should indicate that the food and service is top quality, no?. . Haha, sure. But a few comments.. . 1. The wait/line was so long. It was about a long, mouthwatering hour before we were seated at 7:15PM. And the wait inside for certain foods is pretty time-consuming too.. . 2. The food was good, but not like money-was-worth-it-good. After a while, it seemed like they were limited on food selection. Also, they didn't replenish the supplies of some foods often. I wanted to try some ramen :[ But their Asian food sucked anyways.. . 3. Mac and cheese bar was awesome! I'll give them props for that because I definitely enjoyed picking out ingredients I wanted and the cheese melting in my mouth.. . 4. Desserts were okay. I loved the gelato and chocolate lava cake.. . 5. Service was slow but they were polite and courteous.. . Would I come back again? Probably not (unless someone paid for me). It's a good experience to go once, but otherwise, I'll save some money.
NOTE TO YELPERS: 3 Stars doesn't mean that something is bad. People give out praise FAR TO EASILY and are overly harsh ALL THE TIME on here, so let's all make  more of an effort to be honest with our reviews.. . First time I've been to one of the much talked about Las Vegas buffet's! After hearing that a co-worker of my wife's raved about it and a friend of ours that actually lives in Vegas say that it's definitely one of the best, I was pretty excited about eating here. We decided to drive down instead of walking or taking a cab. Trust me when I say, don't take a cab, just drive if you really wanna get there in a hurry. The Self Parking at the Cosmo is an absolute piece of cake. Well, enough about The Cosmo and more about Wicked Spoon!. . Perhaps I was ill informed about cost, because I went in thinking it was gonna be around $50 for two people. Oh no, it was $75! Granted this was New Years Eve and everything in Vegas seems much more expensive this time of year, but at this price I was seriously hoping that I was going to be blown away. . . We got in line and it moved fairly quickly, this is big spot and either due to the time of day or the fact that they have so many tables it just seemed to be a ten minute wait in line (if it was even that long). We were brought to our table and we both ordered orange juice. I would've liked a mimosa, but I didn't realize it was extra to get alcohol. Granted, that is entirely my mistake, but it would've been nice if they said something before we went in. . . The most important part is, of course, the food. It is without a doubt the best buffet I've ever been to! The stand outs had to have been the smoked salmon, the green beans, the fried chicken and the ramen noodles. Oh and the duck confit ravioli would've absolutely been killer, but I didn't like the cinnamon on it, just a little too sweet. The portions are just right, as you're able to sample a bunch of different foods without over doing it on the actual intake side of things. . . Would I go back? Probably not. Not that it isn't good by any means, it is. It's an above average breakfast and a great buffet. I just know that there is better food in Vegas and that I've had better breakfasts plenty of times in my life.
Went here for dinner, and i was disappointed in the $45 meal. They beef ribs, pork ribs, roast beef, bone marrow, crab, but thats about it for the highlights of the place. Everything else was so generic and cheap. Potatoes, Generic Chinese food, horrible sushi selection, various salads, and a bunch of fried foods. I think their dessert selection was probably the best part about this buffet, but after eating so much I didnt really get to try everything. I think this buffet is a little overrated.
3.5stars, rounded down. I had REALLY high expectations for this buffet and unfortunately, I was not wow-ed or impressed by much.. . the good:. - really cute presentation: i did love how MOST things are portioned out into really cute containers. prevents one from getting too much of every single item. - the standout foods: DUCK CONFIT RAVIOLI, kale salad, crab legs, chocolate covered strawberries . . the bad:. - PRICE! Omg, we paid $45 (not including tax/tip) for dinner on New Year's day, which I wouldn't have mind much but.... - SO MANY FOOD RAN OUT! No macarons, there were signage for more food but none was placed out. - LACK  OF VARIETY! there really wasn't that much special options beside the bone marrow & the made to order mac n cheese bar. Their Japanese selection was super weak, no salad bar, and their desserts seemed typical. . . We should've went to Bacchanal instead!!!
This is more like 3.5 stars rounded up. On my first trip to Vegas I knew I had to stop by at least one infamous buffet. We unfortunately stayed at the Luxor where the food sucks so we made our way down to Cosmopolitan to check out what all the hype was about. . . We got there at 11:20 AM (opens at 11 AM) for Sunday brunch and the line was already 30+ people long. Then we found out that was only the line to pay, there was another line inside to be seated. We spent about 25 minutes on the line to pay and another 35-40 minutes on the line to be seated, which is generous I guess, based on how long other reviewers said they waited.. . I'm a New Yorker and we're not exactly known for buffets so I can't say that I've ever experienced one like this. I loved that the dining room had more of a large restaurant feel than a buffet look, and that the portions were individual instead of shady looking trays of food that look like they have been sitting out all day. The restaurant-quality selections were well plated and tasted particularly good for having been mass produced. I tried everything from the salt and pepper calamari to the Angry Mac & Cheese and short braised ribs. I didn't see as much variety as I thought there would be, but I'm guessing there are more meat and seafood offerings for dinner. I do wish there had been more variety at the dessert bar though, I didn't see much I was interested in other than the gelato, tiramisu cups and a few other random pastries. . . Ultimately, I enjoyed my meal but I doubt I will return now that the novelty has worn off. I don't eat enough at buffets to constitute spending $35 for brunch, without even including alcohol or tax/tip. When we were leaving the line was all the way down the hall, at least a 2 hour wait. I can't stand lines so I definitely can't see me torturing myself on the dinner line for a buffet...ever
Good food, nice surroundings, beautiful desserts.  . But overall the place is under-whelming.  Definitely not worth the 3+-hour wait as some reviews describe.   Probably worth $40 that they charge for dinner.
I have eaten at Wicked Spoon Several times now. It is pretty much your typical Las Vegas Buffet. The food is decent but not extraordinary. Like most buffet it's about quantity over quality.. . My friends and I ate there this past weekend with a large party. In total we had 26 people. Dinner on Saturday night is $39 plus tax and 21% service charge added on for our party.. . Food:. The food is decent. The have selections pretty much from every genre: Asian, Italian, American, etc. My favorite dishes were the Kalbi Short Ribs and the Crab Legs. Let's be honest the only way to get your money's worth is to fill up on meet and crab!. . One thing I do like about this place is that some dishes are portioned into small servings. This helps me control the amount of food I take, which leaves space for the good stuff.. . Service:. Service is not that great. In, fact that is why I'm giving them 3 instead of 4 stars. . . First, our drinks were not promptly refilled. I only got one, while others at our table never got a refill. Glasses were empty most of the night. Might be because our party was already required to pay the 21% service fee. Kinda sucks.. . Second, My buddy anticipating that we would have a large party called ahead to make reservations. When he called he made reservations for 28. Ultimately only 26 of us showed up. However, they squeezed us into tables not meant for a party of our size. That was not the issue...... . When the bill finally came. They tried charging us for all 28 people. Seriously?! I understand the spirit of the rule, but we were only 2 short in a party of 26, service sucked and you charged us 21% gratuity. I would understand if we were 5+ short or something. After speaking to the manager and him calling someone else they finally agreed to charge for the 26. BUT definitely a waste of time. We sat there for like 30-45 mins while they figure that out.. . Overall its a decent buffet. My preference when visiting Vegas is to eat at a regular A la carte restaurant. However if you like buffets Wicked Spoon is OK. Just beware if you have a large party reservation.
Pros: Amazing salmon! Most buffets overcook salmon meat so that its tougher than it should be, but Wicked Spoon manages to get it right every time. The fish is always moist and tender- just the way nice restaurants cook it. They also have extremely fresh smoked salmon which is just as good. . . Large dessert selection. Our group was really happy with the dessert choices; they had chocolate dipped fruits, a bunch of cakes, macaroons, gelato, etc. I ended up getting the tiramisu and found it as a meal highlight.. . Great service. Our server was really nice and attentive. He always checked on us too see how we were doing or if we needed drink refills.. . Cons: Chinese food is salty and some of the italian small dishes were cold, which was disappointing cause that eliminated two major food stations for me. Also, the only cut for steak super rare, so I couldn't eat any since I prefer medium/medium rare. However, the boys in our group seemed to really enjoy it anyways (I guess meat is still meat. :P). . Note: I'm writing this review for lunch. Dinner is much better (4 stars worthy), although also more expensive.
Soooo my group and I Buff-failed.... . A Vegas buffet is definitely something that was on our list of things to do while in Vegas. We planned it so that we would not eat too much that day and be ready to indulge and make the most for our money. Found that Wicked Spoon looked like a great choice, and was decently priced ~$35 incl tax and tip. We arrived and it was quite crowded so to try and get seated promptly we split up into groups of three tables. We did not have to wait long and then it was on to the food!. . Most everything looked delectable - my favorites were the braised beef, kalbi, lamb, mashed potatoes, and salmon (a very meat-oriented person, I know...). Not just the taste, but the presentation also was great. Those to stay away from are the ramen (too salty) and sushi (they fall apart).. . Now, our plan was to do it like the Bellagio Buffet - come in later in the day and get in the buffet for lunch price, staying through when they change the lunch food to dinner food...waited and saved room in the stomach until 3:30 when I noticed happily that they were removing the hot foods. Expecting them to bring on the dinner foods, I also saw that the restaurant was emptying slowly and no new food was bringing brought in. Of course, then I had to ask and the waiter said that Wicked Spoon CLOSED AT 3...wut. Checked the website and alas, twas true...BUFF-FAILLLLL - it's NOT like the Bellagio and they have designated times for lunch and dinner. I saved my appetite for nothing but the leftover desserts they had.... . At least now my group know to check the hours next time, but a litte fair warning would have been nice...especially considering we came in at 1pm...gah...
Buffet dinner for 2 is is 79.99 and make sure to add the $9 endless wine or beer.  No lines on a Monday night.  . . The presentation of food gets 4 stars, the quality gets 3.5 stars and the taste gets 3.  The food definitely is my type of buffet, little bites to sample everything.  They do a very cute job of presenting their main dishes in little pots, dim sum in tiny chinese containers, ramekins, and shrimp cocktail in shot glasses.  They must go through a lot of dishwashing detergent. . . Salad/cold dish bar - the shrimp cocktail was OK, shrimps were large size, there were a variety of different types of salads and I love the different types but the only one I think was beyond par, was the caesar salad and arugula beet salad.  They also have a cheese bar - gouda, brie, blue, and cheddar.  Only 2 types of soups plus the ramen soup at the chinese bar which had potential but when tasted, it was soooo salty.  The only thing that was extraordinary here, was the rambutan fruit (something you don't normally get at a buffet or anywhere's else for the matter).  The ceviche was definitely worth tasting, it was a simple ceviche with bay scallops but flavors depicted a seafood melange with tomatoes & cilantro.  I've had better, but it was good compared to the other salads.. . Main dish bar - Some of the dishes had a lot of potential such as the bbq shrimp with grits, leg of lamb, prime rib and bone marrow but when tasted, it was just OK.  The grits were delicious and definitely did not need the shrimp, the prime rib was delicious according to my husband, and the leg of lamb was good and not too gamey.  All the hype about the bone marrow is soooo overated.  It really just tasted like a spoon of fat to me.  I've definitely had better.  I didn't bother with the comfort foods like spaghetti & meatballs, truffled potatoes, etc.. . Bread bar - They had a variety of mini pizzas which I didn't taste.  The grilled whole shrimps they made were not good, maybe the 2 shrimps I picked out where just bad - they were mushy like old shrimps when peeled but I tasted the sauce and it wasn't even worth tasting.. . Chinese bar - The korean bbq beef was really tasty.  I didn't taste the ribs but they looked good.  The dim sum spare ribs were yummy.  They had the usual fried rice but it didn't look good.  The ramen as I said earlier was way too salty.  They should not even advertise sushi here because it was all rice and there were only 3 types of rolls.. . Dessert bar - OK, so I thought since everyone raved about the dessert bar I figure I at least have to taste it.  The molten chocolate cake was one of the worst, the chocolate strawberries with health bar topping (my favorite) was nothing to write home about.  The strawberries were large but not sweet.  The mini parfait was eh, and so were the mini cakes like tiramisu & a variety of others.  The only I really enjoyed was the coffee white chocolate gelato.  My husband & I are now converted fans of gelato from ice cream.. . My husband enjoyed the endless 4 glasses of pinot grigio he had for $9 but the pinot was definitely better at the Rio Village buffet.  This buffet does not compare to the quality and taste of the Village seafood buffet at the Rio.  If there were 1/2 stars, I'd give this buffet a 3 and the Village one a 4.5 star.  Is it worth trying?  Probably, if you enjoy comfort foods that are boring.
Came here on multiple recommendations.    Tuesday night, first day of CES 2013..... . NO Fried Oysters. NO Steamed Clams. . They do have the following though:. . Chocolate Lava Cake. A1 Salted Prime Rib. Made to order Mac n Cheese. . Service was excellent!!!!. . I may come back and try it again, but most likely I'll be at Bacchannel in Caeser's.
***This was my first visit to a Las Vegas buffet in over 5 years; I had the breakfast buffet at Wicked Spoon (in The Cosmopolitan) and the quality varied with some items being surprisingly good while the majority of food was in the decent to mediocre range (a few of the items were below average)***. . In terms of Las Vegas buffets, I've only been to the Bellagio Buffet and that was just for breakfast.  Wicked Spoon in The Cosmopolitan became my second trip to a Vegas buffet (also for breakfast).  This trip though yielded both breakfast and lunch and dinner items (I do not remember the Bellagio Buffet offering many dinner items at breakfast, but that was a long time ago).. . There were a wide variety of lunch and dinner items.  There were several stations I did not try like the sushi and Chinese food.  I did try some more of their New American offerings though.  All of it was kind of just okay.  The crispy chicken wings were crunchy and crispy and well seasoned, but they had been sitting around too long.  The duck confit ravioli was not bad, but it was really kind of a just okay flavor--heavy and not that interesting of a cream sauce.  The beef short rib was decent--moist and tender.  The tri-tip (sliced to order) was just okay.. . In terms of breakfast, their selection was impressive.  They had several breakfast pastries, breads and muffins available.  Some looked better than others.  The pain au chocolat was not bad for a breakfast buffet.. . There was also a good number of cold items from fresh fruit to several salads.  For more heartier breakfast items, Wicked Spoon had about every dish you would expect to find at one of those all-day breakfast places.  There were many egg dishes (as well as eggs made to order), pancakes, French toast, and several breakfast meat offerings.. . The breakfast meats stood out the most.  There were two kinds of bacon.  The first was crispy strips of bacon (piled up in a traditional buffet serving dish).  For breakfast buffet bacon, this was pretty good.  The bacon was crispy but not burnt and there was a decent meaty chew.  There was also a smoked bacon that they sliced to order, which had a meatier and more tender feel to it (closer to braised pork belly than traditional breakfast bacon).. . The chicken apple sausage was good--moist and nicely seasoned with a decent amount of spice.. . The French toast was also good--light and fluffy (with a good flavor).  The pancakes were fine.. . The eggs Benedict was just okay.  The hollandaise sauce was too thick and the meat was thickly shaved ham as opposed to Canadian bacon.  I also tried an omelet made to order and it was not that good.  It was not that fluffy and the cheese was not melted at all.. . In addition to their many savory offerings at breakfast, Wicked Spoon also offers a wide variety of desserts.  There were cakes, housemade marshmallows, chocolate molten cakes (though not that molten), and gelato.  The flavors of the gelato were very good--a nice caramel and a distinct pistachio flavor.  The gelato was creamy and smooth but a tad too soft.. . Service was okay.  The staff was quick with getting drink orders in, but they were kind of slow in taking away plates.. . The price was right around $25.  I think that is about what you would expect to pay at breakfast buffets at similar Las Vegas hotels.. . The dining room is comfortable enough though I remember the Bellagio Buffet having more booth seating.. . The Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon Buffet offers a great variety of food for breakfast.  Some of their offerings (like their breakfast meats) are quite good, but most items fall in the just okay or maybe slightly below average range.  Still, if you like buffets because of the great amount of choice they offer, Wicked Spoon seems like a good option.. . I know The Cosmopolitan offers free valet parking.  I think this hotel also offers free self parking.
My boyfriend and I ate here after reading an amazing article about it online. The food was good fora buffet but nothing more. It wasn't the worst or the best Vegas buffet I've encountered. The $20 bottles of wine were awesome, just perfect for an all you can eat buffet. If you don't finish it you can take it to go! The service was good, above average for a buffet. Worth a trip but not my absolute favorite.
3.5 stars. Decided to have brunch here before hitting the road - $32 for sunday lunch. It was about 10.30am in the morning and already there was a line. Unfortunately with a slight hangover i couldn't eat a lot. . . The variety was pretty good - breakfast bar, omelette station, taco bar, a large meat section, italian pasta and pizza, japanese, dessert etc. I have to say the fried chicken was pretty wicked. If those guys went out and opened a fried chicken shop I think they'd be successful. The lamb was pretty good too and I enjoyed the pasta and dessert. I just wished I could have eaten more.
Was not impressed....sadly the food did look better than it tasted imho. However this review would be for saturday morning brunch buffet I guess...or if this was their standard lunch buffet for the weekend...I really wished I spent the $37.88 elsewhere.
The strength of this restaurant is the decor. The place is really a work of art and perfectly suits the hotel in which it's housed. I came here twice around Christmas 2012. . . The line can be quite long, but comparable to Bellagio or Caesars Palace. The price was also comparable to the other buffets as well. I saw a lot of other Asians (Chinese and Koreans) in line, which is usually an indicator of a good deal.. . The dessert bar was great and the gelato was the best I've had in Las Vegas/Boston/New York/Vancouver.. . The food itself was inconsistent between the two days. On busier days, they seem to have problems keeping up. The Korea BBQ ribs were excellent on the first trip, but was conspicuously missing on the second visit. The sushi was not great at this place. The portions of the food such as the duck ravioloi were small but very well done. I felt they made the plates purposely heavy to limit the customers' carrying capacity :(. . Overall, a good experience. Come for the dessert and decor.
I'm not sure what all the hype is about here. Yes they have a large selection (and tons of desserts), but the food quality and variety is somewhat random and not spectacular. I did not have a chance to try dinner here, but brunch left much to be desired. . . The omelet bar is nice to have, but the line was extremely long! I figured I would miss my meeting if I waited in line. Instead, I opted for the premade items. I would say the only outstanding items were the Kale Salad the Hash Browns (I have no idea how they prepare those potatoes, but let me tell you, they are amazing! They aren't greasy at all).. . The buffet was especially pricey on President's Day Weekend as well. I was expecting much more. Overall, I would say avoid the buffets in Vegas. While the idea is cool, none of them delivered or met my expectations.
Wicked spoon is more expensive than the buffet at the Wynn but is it better? I guess that's for your opinion... for me no. . . The food ranged from Asian, French, Italian, Japanese,  North American and Northern Thai inspired dishes. . . I tired a little of everything and wasn't too impressed with the selection. The risotto  I had was cold, and though it was spinach based the flavors didn't go well together. Though the Thai fried rice was excellent, light, and flavorful. For desert I tried a small chocolate raspberry desert topped with gold leaf which was fair, and a small dish of nutella gelato; both were really good.  . . The sad part about dining here is the lackluster prepared meatdishes, I dined a lot through my 3 day stay in LV, and while eating here I can only recall the cold risotto, and thai fried rice.... 3 stars.... Visit The Buffet at The Wynn.
Not many places are worth an hour and a half wait (in line), but Wicked Spoon is.. . Yeah there will be a ridiculous wait. First you'll have to wait in line to pay (about 45 minutes) and then when you're all stoked that you get to eat....there's another line to be seated (another 45 minutes). And the entire time you see people rolling out of the restaurant. Too stuffed to walk. The price was just under $40, not cheap, but well worth it. You can also upgrade to bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's for a few extra bucks.   . . So this isn't your run of the mill buffet. This buffet is whats up! It is a perfect hangover cure because it has got everything you could imagine. All sorts of brunch items (my personal favorites were the french toast and eggs Benedict). There were also vast quantities of bomb meats, chicken. pasta (the gnocchi was just wow), sea food, ...everything damnit! . . The service was a bit slow the day I went, but apparently they had understaffed that day. The waitress was also super nice and really apologetic. . . The weakest link were the desserts. The assortment wasn't great. The best part was probably the thai tea gelato. Which was crazy good.
MEH.. . I don't understand the hype about this place. Yes, the food is super cute (mini baskets of fried chicken) but what's more important than presentation? The taste! The food here was so bland and subpar. Unimpressed. Go to Bacchanal.
Came back here after 5 months but for dinner this time and I have to bump them up 1 star because food was a lot better (still not great but heaps better than lunch last time). . . Finally got to try the bone marrow and it was mmm mmm good! You get to sprinkle your own salt on top so you can flavor it to your own liking.. . The macaroons and gelato are still dessert favorites!
This place deserves 3.5 stars.  They do a lot more adventurous things than most buffets would, and they deserve credit for it. I mean, how many buffets have bone marrow or cow tongue as even an option as a star dish?  The standard buffet fare was slightly disappointing, with the Asian and pizza options being underwhelming.  Don't discount this as a negative review, as far as a buffet goes this place is totally legit.  I will be back.
Decided to give this place a try since I was on the strip that night. This place is beautiful I have to admit. The food looks really good as well but that's about it. Everything tasted blah. Too oily too salty no taste, since I was starving I had to eat something or else I would have just left. Service is average. Definitely not worth the money I wish I had gone elsewhere!
I ate here for breakfast and it was good. I gave it 3 stars since I gave Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's 4 stars and I believe they are a full star ahead of Wicked doing essentially the same thing. Wicked may have originated the "tapas" look buffet but Caesar's has improved on it. That being said this was still a very good meal with nice variety and some innovative dishes. It was a good value at $25 but for an extra buck I would go to Caesar's.
I was so excited to go to Wicked Spoon but left with a little bit of a disappointment.  I knew what the prices were for all the buffets in LV prior to attending and even read a ranking of the top #10 buffets in LV.  But, the price really was the disappointment...the price of this buffet...$35 for breakfast/brunch.  . . I thought there was an eclectic mix of food but I've been to Cravings at The Mirage and I remember the choices were MUCH more in variety than Wicked Spoon even though Wicked Spoon was ranked higher than Cravings.  Wicked Spoon had some interested concoctions of food and cute displays but I did not think it was worth $35 and neither did the person with me.  There was no line on a Sunday at 9:00am, we got a table immediately and the place was pretty empty.  . . I got chicken wings in a small cute metal basket, baked spicy macaroni and cheese in a mini frying pan, a spicy broccoli rabe, mini pizza slices, apple chicken sausage, Indian flavored cauliflower, and a couple of different desserts which I enjoyed more than the actual food.  They had sushi, Chinese Food, omelet station, and some other things that I thought were a little too hard to eat at 9:00am in the morning.  For dessert I had tiramisu in a chocolate cup, peach cobbler in a mini metal frying pan, gingerbread cake (it was a little hard, probably frozen and thawed out) with eggnog frosting and little pomegranate berries, chocolate marshmallow and white fudge.  My bf got the sweet potato flan and boy was that good!  They also had a nice mix of ice cream flavors to pick from.  . . The waitress was good and she got me a tea.  The mug was huge and the tea bag was really cool and something that I don't think they have in stores in NY-very organic.  . . Would I got to Wicked Spoon again?  Yes, I'm willing to give it a second chance most likely for their dinner menu but next time check out a different breakfast buffet somewhere else.
I've had Wicked Spoon bookmarked for the longest time.  I had plenty of opportunities to eat here, but promised my teenager that I wouldn't eat here without her. . . So it's set. She's in town for a couple of days and Wicked Spoon was on her radar this time around (I swear, she's a Yelper in training).  We purposely arrived about an hour near closing because I figured that the lines wouldn't be as bad then.  I was right, only waited about 20 minutes to get into our seats.  Overall service was great and for that I cannot complain.  I feel the ambiance and the decor.  I even love their tables and wish I had that pattern at home.  But this review is about the food, right? . . In my opinion, if you've been to one buffet in Las Vegas, you've been to them all.  The dishes here are served in mini-portions, which I think is great for pictures.  But lousy for a buffet.  When I think buffet, I think as much as I want.  Give their Fried Chicken Wings as an example.  You get two pieces presented in a cute stainless steel strainer.  But if I wanted 6 pieces, I would have to grab 3 of these bad boys, really? How about their Angry Mac N' Cheese.  The portions are small and if I wanted a little more, than I'm grabbing multiple tins of these.  Again, great for photos, but not convenient for eating.  This is pretty much the experience with all their mini-dishest.  By the time I was done, I've tried their fried chicken, roasted chicken, salmon, sushi (don't do it), mac n cheese, and their garlic pizza.  All were just about par with every one else on the strip.  Not bad in taste, not the greatest either.  . . Now for dessert...This is where Wicked Spoon has their one shining moment.  It's all about desserts here.  From presentation to taste, you really can't go wrong with their desserts. Their macarons weren't that great, but everything else disappeared once it made it to my table.  . . Overall, I have to give Wicked Spoon just 3 stars because it's just okay compared to the rest of the strip buffets out there. For $35 a person for lunch, I think I could get more bang for my buck outside of the strip.  I'm sure I will eventually be back.  Just remember, I'm not paying for dinner.
I wanted to love this place, but I didn't! It was good, but not great food, bland and average, I thought bacchanal was wayyyyy better, but table service was top notch!  The guy running the dessert area looked openly hostile as I pondered what kind of gelato I wanted...I took maybe, 7 seconds, with no one else needing help, and he looked so annoyed-boo.
I didn't think this place was nearly as good as the buffet at Wynn, or even planet hollywood. I came here for lunch and was disappointed by the mediocre selection. The best thing was probably the duck ravioli. I didn't think having typical mexican and chinese food really fit the image of a higher end buffet in Vegas. Their most "high end" item is probably the bone marrow but it wasn't prepared very well...almost like it was just for show.
Honestly, I don't think i would go back again. The food wasn't that great. For a buffet charging more than the Wynn buffet or bellagio, the selection wasn't as great. A lot of little desserts that weren't too good. The Korean short ribs were a good touch, however. We went when the buffet opened and everything was fresh. The crab legs got soggier as the night went on. The location of this buffet was so far inside the hotel that it was almost annoying. It seemed like it was tucked into the back corner of the cosmopolitan. . . One thing was that the server was a little over the top when he was talking and had a little spit control problem and also seemed more preoccupied with his tips than actually serving. . . I would give this a 3.5 since the decor was pretty nice.
Very pricy, not sure it was worth the price.....  The food was freash and the staff were very nice.   With a town that has so many buffets, the cost is high.....  Not a buffet we are going to go to a lot.  once in a great while!  Couple times a year, because of the cost.
this buffet was pretty ordinary. nothing stood out. . was pretty standard . . they had veggie sushi which was ok
I liked that the buffet was set up differently, with small portions of delicious things.  . . But a buffet in Vegas is a buffet in Vegas.  There are so many options, and for $49 a head you can definitely enjoy some other delicious things on the strip.
The ambiance, food presentation, and selection were promising for our Sunday brunch, but on final taste many of the items at our table were labeled "okay."  Bright colors, great lighting, and plenty of food to choose from.  A big group of us went and they offer creative sweet and savory dishes, exotic items like octopus and bone marrow. The prime rib was not tender and a little on the salty side.  I am a lamb fan, but one dish was so gamey and fatty I couldn't eat it. Customer service was good with filling our drinks and picking up old plates. The best thing I had was the gelato.  For $33 plus tax, it was okay but will try another buffet on my next visit to Vegas.
To be entirely honest, I'm not really seeing the hype. While the concept of a tapas style buffet sounds amazing, my excitement towards eating here didn't quite equate to a superb dining experience.. . My group and I arrived around 1PM and although the line didn't look super long, the wait seemed agonizingly slow. We didn't get seated until around 2:30PM. After we were shown to our table, my group dashed to the food to check out the selection. While there were many chic and modern dishes that you would find at a hip, fancy restaurant, there wasn't really that large of a selection. Compared to the Wynn and Bellagio buffets, the choices seemed barren. Oh well, I told myself. Hopefully the quality of the food will make up for the lack of selection. . . From the meat section, I tried the bone marrow, kalbi (Korean beef short rib), five spice pork belly and ham. Now I was ecstatic to try the bone marrow and I've never tried it before. However, it just tasted really...weird? I don't know how to quite describe it, except for the fact that I'm not convinced that the flavor was what people usually went gaga over. The five spice pork belly was AMAZING though! Layers and layers of greasy, fatty, pork goodness will lead to feelings of immense satisfaction. And perhaps a little guilt afterwards. . . Wicked Spoon had some of your standard buffet finds such as a meat carving station, crab legs, salad bar and pizza station. The Chinese station had a pretty cool concept, with some items stuffed inside a little Chinese takeout box or a dim sum basket. There was also a mac and cheese section that I didn't get to try because I thought it was an omelette station. For that, I want to cry a little. . . Dessert was definitely the best part of the experience, since I ended up stacking my plate full of macarons, chocolate covered strawberries, small slices of cake and double scoops of gelato. Everything was quite tasty and sort of made up for the rest of the food. In fact, the macarons were so delicious that the Asian in me compelled me to hoard a few macarons into a Chinese takeout box. Shhh. . . Overall, I'd give this place more of a 3.5. This wouldn't be my first choice upon returning to Vegas for buffets since I've been to places that had both great food and dessert. But the rest of the girls in my group loved this place, so whether or not you like it is pretty much based on your own experience. As for me, I kind of wish Wicked Spoon was a little more wicked so that it could've really unleashed the glutton in me.
Okay! I've been here for brunch and dinner. Let me tell you there was not much of a difference between the menu. I actually enjoyed it both times. I didn't really like my servers both times. I guest they're not very great with customer service. The food is okay. I've been to better buffets in Vegas. I have to say the asian food selection sucks! I barely even went to the meat section. I like the salad bar and their wide selection of ice cream is the best. I think this place is good to try out, but not come for a second time.
Went here with friends from out of town. Atmosphere & ambiance looks upscale, clean. Very nice. The food quality was pretty good. I know this place came before Bacchanal at Caesar's but I had gone to Bacchanal a couple times first. I had this feeling of deja vu. The two places had some similarities like how they portion some of their dishes in single servings with items like mini dutch ovens and mini fry baskets. Wicked Spoon felt like a smaller version of Bacchanal.. Would have been 4 stars but our waiter was a bit iffy. Our drinks were empty for awhile before getting any attention and same for empty plates. Still an ok time overall.
I had been looking forward to trying out this buffet for a while, but for the price (~$45/person for Saturday lunch), the wait and the hype it didn't exactly meet my expectations.. . Everything was plated cutely--I'm a sucker for miniatures--but mostly everything was pretty so-so.. . Dessert bar was pretty sweet (no pun intended...? Heh) but again, most of it looked better than it actually was. Highlight was def the Thai tea and Nutella gelatos though! Which I could go back just to get a couple scoops if those.
Came here at the close of my bachelorette party after a night of heavy drinking.  Not such a great idea.  I was feeling a little bit hung over and therefore could not enjoy the food as much as I would have liked to.  . . That being said, I was impressed with the selection of food and the presentation.  They had food served in cute little baskets and stuff.  I'm a sucker for anything miniature!  . . Some things to note: They had bone marrow, which was only okay.  Not very much flavor.  The desserts were pretty good, but they have hot plates out which totally melted my chocolatey desserts.  No bueno.  The breakfast foods they had were pretty good.  . . When I'm back in Vegas I'd be willing to give it another try.  Hopefully I won't be so hung over next time =)
Food was good, as others said, some of the beef that sat out was tough...the prime rib was excellent. I expected more selections than what was actually there. The sushi tasted decent for buffet. For $47 (for 1)  I would have liked a better selection of food.. . My waiter was super friendly. So service was good.
Came here on Sunday for brunch.... . Positives. - I like how everything is portion controlled so you don't end up getting too much of 1 thing. - House made Bacon! This thing was more flavorful than your grocery store kind.. - Korean BBQ Short Ribs. Tasted just like Korean BBQ in LA, I could eat this forever.. - BEST GELATO IN LAS VEGAS, I had to try 3 flavors, the nutella, raspberry, and stracciatella! stracciatella was definitely really good and worth a try. I also loved the raspberry cause it was tart and sour, just the way I like it! Next time, I'm trying ALL the flavors.. - Ceviche was very fresh and good also. . - There was a chilled bottle of champagne over ice on our table, and we did not touch it because of our endless mimosas. However, the waitress gave us to go cups so we could drink it walking back to our hotel :). . Negatives. - Price, paid $41 for brunch, and I'd say that it wasn't worth it, comparing to other Vegas buffets. You definitely pay more for presentation of food and because it's the Cosmo, than the quality or taste of the food.. - Lunch closes at 3:30 and dinner starts at 5:30 I believe, so you can't stay for lunch and then get the dinner price, unless you just sat around for 2 extra hours doing nothing.. - NO CRAB LEGS :'(. - NO CREME BRULEE :'(. - Only 1 flavor of macarons, orange. :/ . - Cakes that taste like any other cake at a Vegas buffet.. - Average selection of Asian dishes you can get from Panda Express. It was incredibly disappointing, I was hoping for more. They offered steamed white rice...really? . - Shrimp did not taste fresh. - Salmon over salted. - Chocolate cake was super super sweet. - Ordered the Bottomless Mimosas for $9 extra. Waitress brought us 3 mimosas at a time, which I didn't like because while you're drinking your 1 mimosa, the other 2 were not cold. Either she wanted us really drunk, or she was too lazy to keep checking in on our table. And she was very non-existent the entire time. . . Disclaimer: I am not a huge buffet person. Everything tastes the same to me no matter what buffet it is. They always have something good, something bad, and something average. Wicked Spoon isn't that much different from other Vegas buffets. I'll save my 5 star buffet rating when everything I eat is amazing. . . I would go to Wicked Spoon again, but I don't NEED to go. Maybe I'll try out the dinner buffet next time.
Yes, there are some delicious items here. Not everything is amazing, but there is a large enough selection that you'll likely find quite a few things you like. The line is very very long (depending on when you go of course); I think we waited almost an hour to get in. The place is also gigantic so some long-distance plate-carrying may be in accord :P Still, for the steep price, not sure if it's worth the admission. Good to try at least once, right?
Their brunch/lunch buffet on a Wednesday was very disappointing. Food selections were very small and more disappointed in their dessert selection. I'm a dessert kind of gal and quite frankly was bitter about wicked spoon today. . . The first two times I've been there for their dinner buffet and was pleasantly pleased both times. Guess dinner is the way to go!
My experience was for the lunch. The decor is nice and bright, the leather on the seats showed considerable wear. Our server was slow and not readily available. We waited a long time for his arrival to bring water. Pick up of empty plates was slow and we were running out of room on the table.. The food concept of small plates was a nice change from the traditional buffets. The overall food quality was good. Enjoyed the angry mac and cheese, nice tang. The pork in thebox was tasty but I had to cutoff the fat. One of the BBQ shrimp was overcooked. The short ribs in the small pot was very tender. I would have  given Wicked Spoon 4 stars if the service was better.
Don't get me wrong the food was excellent and even the waitress and floor manager was great, but what concerned me as a customer was the lack of professionalismfrom the hostess/cashier when I asked if there was a military discount. I am not hoarder of discounts when it comes to my brother and sisters in arms and nor do I think we deserve prefertional treatment when we on vacation, but I don't think that being disrespected is warranted. The hostess/cashier was rude and for that reason alone I gave 3 instead of 5 stars.
I don't know why people rave about Wicked Spoon so much.  I've come here for both lunch and dinner and the food is okay.  The kalbi ribs, beet salad, and bone marrow are the go to dishes.  I much prefer Wynn, or the new buffet at Caesar's
I've been here for dinner once and twice for brunch. Out of the three times, I would still give it a three star. I honestly don't think the food is that great here even when I come HUNGRY. But I have to admit, they have the presentation on lock-down.
This Vegas buffet definitely did not live up to the hype. I must say that the gnocchi, macaroni and cheese, and some other dishes were pretty excellent, however the selection is incredibly small! The buffet for lunchtime did only cost about $28 though so I guess you are getting the quality you pay for. The dessert selection also was not that impressive....wished there were macaroons! :(. . Overall, a good place for college students who aren't rolling in dough to come to. I'd rather spend a little more and go elsewhere though!
I was so excited to try this place because of all the press and photos I'd seen. Sadly, I ended up being a tad underwhelmed. . . I love the individual servings as opposed to big messy trays where people duel to the death for certain items or use whatever tongs they can get a hold of. However, there just wasn't enough variety to make everyone happy.. . Meat lovers have tons of enticing options, such as duck ravioli, bone marrow, and braised boar ragout. Seafood lovers have less to choose from. The menu was very shrimp-heavy-shrimp cocktail, shrimp ceviche, Spanish-style garlic shrimp.... . Maybe this is the Asian lady in me, but I was wondering the whole time, "Where are the clams? Mussels? Calamari? Fish?" There were one or two fish dishes, which were rather cookie cutter and nothing exciting. Crab legs were offered, so you might be happy if that's your thing. I never cared much for crab legs, so I was left wanting more.. . Vegetarians are even less well-represented, unless you count the salad bar. And vegans? Forget about it.. . This all-you-can-eat is pretty awesome for people who have a sweet tooth; I'll give it that. Desserts range from macarons to strawberry cream puffs to a dense chocolate cake. For me, the desserts were the highlight of my dining experience here.. . We came at dinnertime, supposedly when buffets put out the best of the best. And we were in Vegas, known to be a buffet heaven. Despite all that, I failed to be impressed by this newer restaurant. The Wicked Spoon, though it serves some decent (not great) meat dishes with decadent ingredients, didn't meet my definition of a great buffet.
The first time I went here I wasn't really impressed, but this time they stepped it up a notch. There was a pretty good variety from American to Asian food.. . Likes: Pork, the Salads, Egg Benedict, the Soups, and Gelato. . Dislikes: Cinnamon Toast, Sushi, and most of the Desserts.
I have tried just about all buffets in Las Vegas and I know the good ones from the bad ones!. . Here are the pros...great customer service, great ambiance, descent food, cute way of packaging food items (see pictures through Yelp), interesting and intriguing desserts.. . Here are the cons...expensive prices for what they offer (they raised the prices effective the date I went on June 14, 2013).  Lunch is $26 and kid's lunch is $16.  Not all the food is great.  Desserts are overrated!. . I personally believe that everyone should try this place at least once.  The style and layout are unique and intriguing.  I talked with one of the managers named Nicholas, who told me that this buffet is the first place to put items in individual containers.  Nicholas also told me that Cesar's Palace and Aria buffets have copied this style.. . Stay away from the Asian noodles, which tasted really poor in quality.  The sweet potato dish lacked flavor.  The pizzas were doused with salt.  My personal favorite item was the braised beef dish.. . The food did NOT wow me at all and there are tons of buffet places with better quality food.  Besides the food, everything else about this place wowed me, but I did not come to pay $88 for my family to be wowed by customer service and decor.  Its all about the food and I think this place lacks good quality.  My wife and I agree that half the dishes are good and half the dishes are bad.  That is 50%, which means the price should be at $13.  We will never be back, but it was definitely worth at least trying once in a lifetime.. . The location of the buffet is tucked away on the 2nd floor in the way back of the casino.  I believe as a result of this, the buffet will fail to thrive and they will keep raising prices to compensate for this.  I also think the cuteness of the way the dishes are packaged will die off and more people will enjoy going to Cesar's and Aria buffets more.
I felt the food was bland here.  Didn't live up to the hype after seeing this place on tv and a number of top 5 reviews.  Lunch was around $28 per person with tax.  The highlight of the buffet for my group was the watermelon non alcoholic shot drink.
Here's the order you should go for Vegas buffets:. . - your hotel.. - Wicked Spoon. - Bacchanal (Caesar's Palace). . Why? Because then you'll be working up to what is the best and what is just average. Wicked Spoon is, unfortunately, just average. My fiance and I went in the wrong order. I'm sure my review would be glowing if we hadn't hit Bacchanal first. But we did. And then when we went to Wicked Spoon, we were disappointed.. . The pros of it are that there are SO many good desserts. I could spend all day at the dessert area. There was duck ravioli (not great) and some Korean short rib (pretty good). I even tried their sketch lo mein. There was also some bone marrow that I wanted to try, but couldn't muster up the guts to do it. Something about eating the marrow kind of bothers me. But I'm not sure how I'm supposed to be a foodie without experiencing it at least once. So maybe next time.. . I would come back to Wicked Spoon because it was just, as I already said, average. It wasn't too pricey, compared to other places, and we could add on unlimited mimosas/champagne/bloody marys and make it the same price as some other buffets.
A few of us were in town for a work seminar and we decided to pay Wicked Spoon a visit on a Monday evening.. . First of all, the trek down the hallway past Marquee and Holsteins was kind of a hassle as the buffet was awkwardly isolated at the West end of the Cosmo on the 2nd floor. After you pass the paintings and the oversized high heel, you'll reach the beautifully designed, modern Wicked Spoon.. . The service was impeccable. Our waitress constantly kept our water glasses filled and our table was regularly relieved of empty plates. She explained the layout of the buffet tables and answered our every question.. . I tried the:. . -Salmon. -Crab legs. -Build your own mac n cheese. -Sushi. -Prime rib. -Pot roast. -Passionfruit macaron. -Mint chip gelato. -Chocolate cupcake. . Sounds like a heavy meal, doesn't it? Many of the dishes were served tapas style and it was a convenient way to serve individual portions.. . Sadly to say, the sushi was terribly executed. The options were sparse and the rice was stiff. The crab legs were, well, crab legs. They were tiny, chilled, and slightly sweet. The mac n cheese station was pretty awesome. You're able to customize your own dish so if you didn't enjoy it, then it was your own fault. I designed my mac n cheese with green onions, bacon, parmesan and gruyere. Delicious. The prime rib was tender, juicy, and definitely one of the highlights of the meal. However, the desserts were probably the star of the show. We could not get enough of the 18 different gelato flavors, the gorgeous macarons, mini chocolate cones, massive chocolate dipped strawberries, brownies, pudding, etc. But then again, we were a table of women. If we couldn't appreciate the gorgeous display of decadent desserts, who could?. . Dinner was on my boss so I definitely can't complain but if they worked out a few kinks, tossed in a few dishes that the M buffet offers, then maybe they would be worthy of 5 stars.
OVERHYPED. i expected better. nothing stood out to me compared to the other Vegas buffets. Its cute that they make their dishes into small portions but those bowls/dishes can take up alot of space on your plate. I mostly stuck to the crab cakes and beef. The asian food seemed too salty, I felt the pasta was overcooked.. . Mango icecream was probably the best ive had.
It was definitely worth checking out this buffet, but the Wicked Spoon is over-hyped for sure. . . It's not bad by any means... I liked many of their desserts and food presentations. I almost wanted to steal the little metal "milk carton" that the cream for my coffee came in :P. . I came here for brunch on a Sunday at around noon... It costs about $36 per person, which is pretty reasonable. However, they didn't offer many items that I would have liked to see. For example, there were no crab legs nor much sushi options. There were many cheap proteins like sausages & very tough roast beef, and the Korean marinated galbi was not so flavorful. Also, all the Chinese dishes were extra salty!!. . I would maybe come back to check out their dinner buffet ;)
I'd give it a 3.5 stars if i could.. It's a good buffet, but i don't really feel like i have to go back.
Man oh man, I really wanted to like this place. I've been looking forward to eating at this place for dinner for a few years! I loved the idea of individual little pans/pots- like a mini plate! But alas, I am craving for something more. . . I tried probably 95% of the stuff, including the salad bar. . Here's some of the highlights and lowlights for the dinner buffet service:. . The Good:. . Cool that they have different kinds of stuff, like bone marrow, shrimp and grits, gazpacho, a good selection of charcuterie. . . short ribs- yum. watermelon with goat cheese and balsamic vinegar salad. asian food as a whole was decent. lamb was yum. gelato! . kale salad- a little too much dressing though. i personally liked their crab legs! . make-your-own pasta. my friend made one with 2 cheeses, chicken and something else and it was...amazeballs. . salad bar as a whole. sweet potato gnocchi - YESSS. . . The Bad:. gazpacho was gross. too bellpeppery. go to serrano's for the BEST. . roast beef was not good. wings were BLAND! :( :( :( and i love me some wings!. Got the boar sliders- the bread was bleh and super dry. . The Decent/OK. . Bone marrow..just gotta pick the right one. Dessert was for the most part okay. They have chocolate covered strawberries! but for some reason, they tasted weird. I just took off the chocolate and ate the fruit! . . I think next time I should come for breakfast instead. . I think they can do better for dinner service.
If you are a fan of steak and pork you will love this place besides that they are a little pricey compared to the other buffets offered in Vegas.  I mean when I saw the whole BBQ pig being displayed for people to eat.  I was disgusted.
I ate here last week for lunch. It's expensive, but you can't expect less for a buffet in a nice casino located on the strip. If you're not used to paying this price, don't go because you still have to remember that it's a buffet.. . The portions are beautifully crafted (my initial take was to control portion waste) but its brilliant for reasons that you don't get people stirring around in the food, it gives it more of a high end feel and allows you to try everything! Just brilliant!! . . The selection is smaller than what I'm normally used to though. A few of the Asian dishes were on the salty side but that may work for some people. Fried chicken wings (comes in 2 in its very own basket) was amazing--perfectly crispy, seasoned and freshly made. Salmon: good, salad: good, dessert: awesome, even for someone like me who doesn't have much of a sweet tooth. Seriously though, you can't go wrong with all you can eat gelato, right?! Right.. . It appears there's a lot of hype about this place so you will have to wait a little to be seated and to get in your drink refills.
I'll keep it short. Bonus = bone marrow. Best gelato in a vegas buffet I have had, especially the pistachio.  Additional $10 for unlimited wine ($45 for the buffet dinner). Good variety of "lighter" food fare (think cheeses, salads, breads). Mac and cheese bar (made to order with ingredients you like). Best mussels (cooked in garlic, butter and white wine)!  Quite strange to me that there aren't a lot of pasta/itlalian options - only an asiago gnocchi dish (can't eat more than 3 bites of this), meatballs and some other dish I can't remember. . . Overall, Just okay for me, I'll stick to the bellagio or M for buffets.
I don't like buffets.  There... I said it.  Long lines. Mediocre food. IKEA tables.  So why review Wicked Spoon?  Because I can do what I want.  This is America, pal.  I also visited several buffets while on a recent trip, so... I'll give you my worthless feedback.. . I tried the lunch buffet at Caesars, Cosmo, Aria, and M Resort.  Wicked Spoon had a lot of hype.  "Sooooo good", they said.  "Divine."  Yeah.  It was ok.  It wasn't bad, but Bacchanal at Caesars was much better (bigger, better food).   The line moved fairly quickly (about 30 minutes).  The tables are set up with a giant bottle of water (nice since they don't have to keep coming by to refill your glass).  The fried chicken was delicious (better than Bacchanal).  They had a few other dishes that I enjoyed (the bangers and mash, a chicken sausage that was the best I've ever tasted, and the "angry mac and cheese").   It just didn't offer as much variety as Bacchanal and, for the money, I expected more.  It's decent, though (or as Yelp says, "A-OK").. . Would I go back?  No.
What happened?  Had I written about this place last October when I first went, I would have given this place 4 stars.  But it seems like their standards dropped.  It could have been because we were there before the rush, but there were lots of food items that sat stale under heat lamps.  . . The "angry" mac n cheese tasted like part of the cheese came from powder.  In fact, some of the items downright tasted like school cafeteria food, just presented nicely in little plates.  I appreciate nice presentation, but it doesn't compensate for lack of quality.  Bone marrow tasted disgusting (like a blob of fat).  I guess that appeals to some.  The figs and the banh mi sandwich were great though they were one of the very few things that were memorable.  A lot of the desserts were cute, but tasted like crap, except for some yellow cream dome cake looking thing.  Gellato was good, but really hard to mess up that one.. . If you haven't been before, I say it's worth checking out once if you're in Vegas since this is the buffet that started the latest trend in serving food in little dishes.
When you show up on a Sunday and there's not a single line here for Sunday brunch than you know something is wrong. What's wrong with Wicked Spoon is the price of $40+tax for brunch.. . Sure if you are one who judges the book by it's cover this buffet looks decadent and everything from cutesy portions and little pots and dishes looks splendid indeed. I was able to try a variety of the food and I was surprised it didn't taste as great as it looked. . . Most of the food here tastes bland. Although, I did enjoy the Bangers n' Mash which seemed to a be a popular dish among our table. The dish was pretty much mashed potatoes with gravy and spicy sausage. It seems like such a simple dish but it was flavorful. I had about three of these! The dessert and aqua fresca (watermelon juice) was probably the second and third best things I've had during brunch. I really wish there was more options available so I'll probably come back again for late lunch/early dinner. The brunch price doesn't justify the option of food they had set out.
Forget the casino where your wallet takes a pounding, this is where your body takes punishment. But look at yourself in the mirror, man, you did it to yourself. Leg of lamb, prime rib, wild boar, kalbi ribs, spicy shrimp, mac-n-cheese, gnocchi, cheeses, salads, breads, and then the... OK stuff, which is too much too mention. Eye in the sky sees you eating like a gluttonous pig. Pace self with sanctity. #foodslut
The epitome of blind gluttony. There is something about being in Vegas that makes it justifiable to over indulge and shamelessly stuff your face. I arrived at Wicked Spoon at 11am and by the time 11pm rolls around I was still full. So maybe I over did it a little but I felt obligated to eat my money's worth since I already paid $42 and I also had practically starved myself for the previous 3 days in preparation.. . There was barely any wait when we arrived at 11am but by the time we left at almost 1pm, the line was quite significant. The service was good and they were fairly attentive. There were a lot of people working so you can easily find something to ask for things from. They also have optional bottomless champagne/mimosa for just $10 but we were sufficiently libated the night before and opted out of it.. . This is going to sound a little crazy but I was disappointed in the lack of selections. So they did have 5 stations of food but each station only contained 5-6 selections. I did enjoy the small plates they presented everything on because it's pretty but it's not all that practical. If it was in one large pile, I would have taken 1 piece of fried chicken and not the 3 that the basket contains. The same goes for the pasta dishes that came in a miniature pot. I ended up wasting a lot of food.. . The taste was just okay for most items. I really wasn't impressed in the dishes that the reviews and my friends hyped up like angry mac n cheese, fried chicken, and bone marrow. The salad bar was also salads in individual cups. I enjoyed the wedge salad but the caesar salad was quite disgusting.. . The best part has to be the dessert section. There is a large variety of desserts to pick from and a full gelato selection. I really enjoyed the dulce de leche cheesecake and the chocolate raspberry tart. The gelato was also amazing. I had the salted caramel and it was creamy and delicious with the right amount of saltiness. My friends had the Thai tea and that was great too. I'm a little sad they didn't have a hazelnut flavor.. . You can ask for coffee, juice, or gelato in a to go cup to walk out with. I asked for an orange juice with ice and the girl was extremely nice in saying that it's of course something that they do. Love the awesome service.
To be honest, I was a little disappointed with this buffet - maybe it was because I had high expectations for Wicked Spoon.. . Came here on a busy night and waited for about an hour to get seated. By the time we were seat, my friend and I were already starving since we both haven't eaten anything for the whole day. After trying a little bit of everything, I thought many of the dishes were a little bland. The most memorable thing there was the desserts. Although they were a little too sweet for my taste, I really really liked it! Overall, I don't think this buffet is so bad if you happen to be near the area but it definitely isn't a place I'd go out of my way to get to either.
I was a little disappointed with this buffet, especially after hearing so many great things about it. I even heard this was the 'best buffet in Vegas' from several people! Well, definitely not!. . Seating was easy. We had a party of 8 and they were easy to accompany us. We only had to wait around 10 - 15 min to get in. Brunch on Monday was not too crowded surprisingly. It was only $24 a person. Service was excellent here! Our server Lisa kept coming back and asking if we needed anything and if the food was good. She even had some recommendations for us. . . Food-wise was a different story. Looking around, the selection was not as big as I would have hoped. I had a taste of most, if not all, of their dishes and none of them were absolutely amazing. The whole time I only really enjoyed the agua fresca, polenta, French toast, and the pork ribs. I don't recommend getting anything in the Chinese take-out boxes. When I went they had riblets in them which were disgusting. Make sure to have bread handy if you're going to eat the bone marrow. Dessert-wise, I only liked the carrot cake. Everything else was either bland or too sweet. . . I am willing to give this place another try...maybe during dinner where most of the more expensive goodies come out. It's just that I'm not sure that I want to pay the cost of it since I've already had a mediocre experience here. Maybe it wasn't great because it was brunch. Or maybe this really is the best buffet and I just had a higher standard. The world may never know.
The food was lacking flavor and taste, we were there for the ACF Convention. The service was lacking and non existing bussers.
I was expecting a lot since this used to be the best buffet in town before Bacchanal opened. The prices were recently lowered so I was already expecting it to be not as good as it was in the past. Came here for brunch on a Tuesday and it was only $25. Pretty affordable I must say. First things first I walk the buffet and check what they have to offer. No crab legs, I'm assuming that's only a dinner option now. Fine with me. The sushi selection was pretty weak too, veggie roll, California roll, and shrimp tempura. No prime rib, although they did have the Korean short ribs. One of the tastier options. Chicken wings were good too, but if I really wanted chicken wings I shoulda just went to BBW. I also had a few breakfast items like pancakes and the eggs Benedict. Pancakes were delicious with the strawberry compote. The eggs Benedict was nothing memorable. The variety of desserts were good, but no macaroons. The gelato offerings tasted standard, but my favorite dessert was probably the cheesecake. All in all, the presentation of mini offerings was nice, but nothing tasted spectacular enough for me to come back. I'm just glad to have this buffet off my bucket list.
This place is great! i love the food and its one of the best buffets i have had in vegas or anywhere for that matter. There is a problem though and i will get to that in just a moment.  But on with my review the selection is great and the food is so good! i love to go to this place! i use we can eat here everyday however my parents like to try other places and cause of the high cost of the buffet they say its to much to eat all the time and i can see there point! this place is so awsome however the prices are so much and alot more then last year! it keeps going up and up and cause of the extreme high prices i give it 3 stars if the price was better it would have got 5! But still if you want a great meal so much better then circus circus buffets and others alike you need to come here! but be sure to bring plently of money dinner is over 50$ a person!
This review will be an example of how the service staff can ruin a dining experience.. . Let me start by saying, we love the Wicked Spoon!!!  We try to make it in for a meal everytime we're in Vegas.  The food is great and they always have a new suprise on the menu.  The way they set up smaller portions in those cute little crocks is perfect.. . Unfortunately, on this visit, we got a grumpy old server with a bad memory.  Everytime we ordered drinks, she either had to be reminded of our order or she'd put the drinks in front of the wrong person.  We'd order a couple of cokes and a cup coffee.  She'd bring back 3 coffees and tell us "Oh, someone at the table will drink them".. . But the biggest buffet party foul of all is not clearing the plates quick enough.  We literally had to stack our plates at the edge of the table, while we watched her clear an empty table next to us.. . Wicked Spoon, there are a lot of good people out of work.  Review the quality of your people and bring back the "A" level dining experience.
I'm typically not very big on buffets but this is definitely one if the better ones I've been to. I really love the variety they had for dessert!
Sure, the food looked like gourmet.  However, it was an underwhelming experience for me.  I liked the rib eye and lamb, but everything else was overcooked or left cold for too long.  Desserts was good, but I'd rather get my desserts fix at Jean Philippe. If this is the number 1 rated buffet in Vegas, I really don't wanna try any other buffets.
I've been to Wicked Spoon a couple of times, and while the first visit was spectacular, my most recent visit left me unsatisfied.  Every Vegas trip, we choose one brunch buffet to visit on our last day.  Our last two trips, we chose the Wynn buffet, but since we were gambling at the Cosmopolitan, we decided to stay local.. . $25/person for a brunch on a Friday is totally sensible, especially for one of the more highly rated buffets.  The 15 minute wait was also very reasonable for a Friday at around 11:00AM.. . Wicked Spoon has a wide variety of foods separated by stations: breakfast (omelettes, biscuits and gravy, french toast, etc), meats (italian sausage, prime rib, bone marrow), spanish inspired, asian inspired, light appetizers, and desserts.  The variety plus the creativity offered in a lot of the dishes are much to be admired, however this visit, I felt like Wicked Spoon delivered more simplistic and stale foods.  The chocolate covered strawberries though, omg.  So delicious.  In my opinion, the desserts alone are worth the price of the buffet.. . I'll probably skip Wicked Spoon on my next Vegas trip, but will return soon after for a follow up.  Hopefully I just came on an "off day".
not bad, but i was definitely underwhelmed after looking at all the delicious pics on yelp. they were out of a lot of items and didn't have that much of a variety (weird, i know). i walked around for a long time trying to find something appealing, and actually had a pretty hard time. i thought maybe it was just me, but a majority of my party couldn't find much they wanted either. although i will say a few of my friends did get around four plates during the meal!. . they also didn't ask us if we wanted alcohol with our brunch-which my entire party did-but didn't realize it was an extra fee until we got to the table. after standing in the line for a thousand years, we obviously weren't go to go through that again just for booze. either way, it was kind of a buzzkill. . . the best things i had were the thai tea gelato and the mini ice cream cones.
Used to be one of my fav LV  buffet.  Looks like the quality of the food went down and some of the items from the past are missing.. . the crab legs were tiny too.    Sushi was weak.  Dessert was the highlight.   The Service was great.
Been here twice during my visits to Las Vegas.  I must admit it was pretty awesome that it was located inside the Cosmopolitan and the buffet itself was very eye catching.  The wait can get bad at times, I had to wait in a 15 minute line once to go in for dinner time.  The customer service was decent, very easy to get a hold of them if needed.  When it comes down tothe food, the selection was plenty and the presentation of it looked outstanding.  In my opinion the quality of the food was mediocre, I think I really payed for the venue itself and how appetizing their food looks.  I still ate plenty and got my moneys worth at the end.  The quality of the taste for such a nice buffet was disappointing in my opinion , I'm sure I could've payed that price for a quality tasting restaurant elsewhere in the Cosmopolitan.  This place has a lot of big hype about it so it's worth checking it out just to say you've been there.
Wicked Spoon is really really upscale and clean, inside the Cosmo (one of Vegas hottest hotel). Food presentation was gorgeous, little plates and mini pots holding all the scrumtious looking food. This is def a place for MEAT lovers (sausage, salami, ham, chops, steak, Kalbi (too tough and salty)...just to name a few) However, for seafood lovers, there are less choices. Shrimp is pre-pealed (which is great) and served in a shot glasses by three pieces so you would have to grab a ton of them and carry all the way back to your table. Sauteed shrimp was yum but gone in 60seconds! Same with the mussels.... Oh and sadly, we arrived around 1-ish in the afternoon and had to wait till 3pm for the crab legs and by the time that happened, i was already too tired to eat =(  Mimosas are bottomless for ten bucks. Not bad.
If I could pick one word to describe this buffet, the best I can say is that it is "fun." The buffet quality is great, but not 41.00 great, I have a feeling this place is all hype. Overall, the quality is there, the atmosphere is really nice, and the service is perfect, if service at a buffet is really a concern.. . Food selection is unique, got to try things like marrow, roasted goat leg, and a custom Mac and cheese station, made a bacon and shrimp Mac and cheese.... . I'll say give it a try, your experience and thoughts might be better than mine, but I feel I won't be back.
Meh.. . $47 for dinner buffet? I expected better.. . Pros:. - Portioned food to help with food waste. - Mac n' cheese bar!!!. - Crab legs. - Good range of different foods. - Large selection of desserts, including gelato. . Cons:. - Food for the most part tasted mediocre. - Bone marrow was highly over rated. - Presentation was sloppy for some dishes. - Serving stations were not cleaned frequently enough / Plates dirty / Food was sparse. - EXPEN$IVE. - Ambiance was whatevers. . I wasn't impressed. But hey, to each her own, right? At least I tried it.
iPad review*. . Dear ladles and gentlespoons,. . My last biz trip to Vegas was my first trip to Wicked Spoon.  It was a treat that lived up to its hype -- a beautifully appointed setting, with a wide array of culinary offerings that were presented artfully and executed deliciously.. . The scoop on this year's return to the Spoon however deserves some dishing of the wicked (or at least not the most flattering) kind. To echo a few other reviewers: what happened, Spoon? You've raised your prices but have had a very noticeable drop in food quality and quantity from last year. A few service stations were completely closed. Much of what was left was hardly in the higher-range quality that was the resto's hallmark of the last visit. And, of the few higher-end items that remained, most seemed to fall a notch in quality, like with the skinny crab legs or overlooked shrimp. . . (I know ... not exactly third-world problems). . Beyond this ... this trip's buffet offerings vs. last year's seemed to show a mere shadow of, what could best be described as, a loving attention to detail in presentation.  . . When my server came at meal's end to ask how my dinner was, I was earnest and said that the food offerings seemed better last year. They said they hear that a lot. Maybe lunch or brunch is a better value?. . Last year the rating danced between fiveand four stars; now it's between two and three. It's still a beautiful setting for a buffet, and the service is friendly and earnest, so rounding up to three stars. But I won't be making a third visit unless this Spoon gets a handle on its current tarnish. For over $50 before tip, don't we deserve a little more polish in our cosmopolitan buffeting?. . *  i.e., two-finger reviewing is better than none.
Wicked spoon, yes. It's a pretty cool fusion-y buffet with a HUGE selection. Hmmm what can I say..It's honestly not mediocre. They have some FANCY stuff like shrimp ceviche, crab, etc. But if you're tryna OD on some fresh oyster, shrimp, SEAFOOD...not really the place. All the food doesn't seem like it's worth $50. I probably ate until I almost passed out, but I filled myself with maybe $20 worth of food. They got macarons though! My friends and I TOGO-ed hella haha...to use up the $30 I wasn't able to accomplish with all the chinese food and italian food, which isn't really worth that much money. I think the buffet at Caesar's palace is way better.. They change up their menus and sometimes they don't have certain stuff so BE SURE TO CHECK.. . The second time I went, I REALLY didn't get my moneys worth. They kept running out of EVERYTHING. They had NO MACARONS, so goodbye $30! They seriously had nothing but King Crab legs, which became tiring after a while to crack open.... . I just don't think WICKED SPOON is worth the money. Its super fancy schmancy and pretty. High quality? yes. But they don't have the BIG stuff like OYSTERS, SHRIMP..etc. They had salmon, but it was danky and AITE... . . Dessert selection is AMAZINGGGGGG and super well presented in their decor, but taste wise it was aye-okayy. . . Good for the whole experience since it is in cosmopolitan hotel and it's super nice. Saw Matt Barnes DOEEE which was pretty cool ;D
Came here for brunch while staying at the hotel. Pretty disappointing experience relative to the hype of the buffet, how nice the Cosmo is and the price. . . The food, dessert and overall selection was really mediocre. And I'm pretty sure you can't call yourself a real Vegas buffet without serving shrimp or crab legs (caveat - these were only missing from the brunch lineup but I was told are usually included with dinner).. . It's not that bad but there are much better options in Vegas.
After reading all the positive Yelp reviews and looking at the photos of the food, I wasn't impressed with their weekday brunch.  I had a BOGO coupon that United Airlines passed out on a flight from California.  So Brunch was only $25 for the 2 of us.  They were located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas.. . The Brunch selection was very limited  There were only 2 juices on the buffet.  One was a coconut pineapple and the other was a strawberry juice.  There was hardly any sliced fresh fruit for brunch.. . For 8 am, I would have preferred to see more breakfast selections.  I did not want to eat sushi for breakfast.. . The cheeses and salami were good.  The Fig and Goat Cheese in a bowl was our favorite item.  It was like eating dessert.  The desserts were below average for brunch.  It looks like dinner has a wonderful selection of chocolate covered strawberries and decadent desserts.. . I preferred the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace breakfast over the Wicked Spoon brunch.
hmm I know alot of people rave about this place but does not hold a candle to Caesar's buffet. They have a wide selection based on small servings however I found that the dishes were mediocre. It reminds me of when you go out on Valentine's Day and everything tastes pre-made. I know kinda expect it from a buffet right but you don't get that over at Caesars. Also the dessert offerings here is pretty small. Overall IMO this was just ok nothing special.
Had high hopes for this buffet. Only buffet I would consider going to is the one at Carsar's. Would honestly rather just do a menu restaurant.
I was impressed at the variety of foods available on the buffet. The Sushi was delicious. . The plating on the salads was beautiful. Service was great.. The downside is the price- I thought it was expensive for a buffet.
We arrived here for Brunch on a Saturday afternoon. There was no wait to pay for the buffet but we waited about 40 minutes to be seated. That was somewhat frustrating as you could see empty tables in the dining room.. . This place is hyped up by fellow Yelpers & foodies, but I don't know that it's the best buffet in Vegas. I would say it's on the same level as the Wynn and a step below Bacchanal.. . The food isn't bad, but it could have been better. I wasn't able to fully satisfy my intense pig-out session, because personally, I didn't see that many foods that I wanted to reach for. They had all the basics like meats, pasta, dessert, etc but nothing too exciting.
After hearing about the eclectic offering at the Wicked Spoon, I had to visit. The dinner buffet is very expensive -- $41 -- but it is totally worth it. They are famous for their bone marrow, which I appreciated but didn't care for.. . Compared to the Wynn, I found this place to have a more exotic selection and the Wicked Spoon was possibly larger, but I found the quality to be inconsistent. Some items were the best I've ever had of that specific item, such as the Korean BBQ ribs. However, many things, including their mac & cheese, didn't cut it for me.. . I'd come here if you're looking to try something new on the Vegas Strip, and for only that reason. I'd recommend The Buffet at the Wynn as my favorite buffet on the Strip.
I think this was my third time here last time was more enjoyable and the fee to get in was much less. . This time a 50 dollar fee to get in during the holiday they say. and the food was just not as good. Not to say the food was not good. It was! it just was not as good as before. . . Also the service was much slower and our overall experience was not as good a previous times . The fish and meat was more dry this time not as juicy as last time. . . Perhaps next time i will try the Wynn buffet if my parents takes us there.
I would rate this 3 1/2 stars. It's good, especially the ceviche and small plates, but we went late in the evening, around 8:15pm and they start clearing the food at 9:15pm so I don't think we got the cream of the crop or even all the dishes they offered for the night. And it was $44 a person. The sushi was so-so, think they might have had more selection earlier in the evening. Desserts were plentiful, with gelato and ice cream, pastries and mousses, and chocolate covered strawberries. Maybe for a cheaper price and more selection, it would be more impressive.
I was told by a friend to give the Wicked Spoon Buffet - at the Cosmopolitan Hotel a try, so when I was in Las Vegas this past week, I decided to take my cousin, & dad to try this place............ . I must say, the modern decor of this place was quite beautiful.........but as for the food I consumed, I'd give it a  solid "3.5". . For me, some of the items I ate was either a - "hit" or "miss"......... . . A lot of the items they serve here are in a "small bite size portion", perfect for the eater to just try a little of this & that.......... . . What is bad about serving a "small individual portion" for a buffet is that sometimes the item can go cold, therefore when you eat it, it may not be of the right temperature to consume, loosing the benefit of how it was actually meant to be served.. . The buffet was HUGE! Lots of different dishes............I probably didn't even get to try 2/3 of the buffet, as I was pretty full after eating two plates of food, then having a little salad on the side & deserts.. . A few items that I ate, which were a "hit" for me, and stood out  -. . 1. Prime Rib - Not bad.............it was done right, but the meat was not of the best grade. I've had prime rib in Wisconsin where the meat was so soft, I could cut it with a fork.. . 2. Kalbi Ribs - The Marinade was out of this world! Only bad thing was the meat was a bit tough & chewy.. . 3. Bone Marrow - Not much to eat, but I don't know of any place that serves bone marrow. Something very unique.. . 4. Mussels & Oysters  - This was done right.........ate a lot of it too!. . 5. Fried Chicken drumstick - Served in a small individual basket..........chicken was done perfectly, as it was crispy and flavorful.. . 6. Waldorf Salad - An all time 1st for me...........never had it, but I liked it. Probably cuz it had grapes in the salad, and I like grapes.. . 7. Cheesecake & Chocolate covered Strawberry - All deserts were served "bite size" portions. The cheesecake was outstanding! I really loved the texture of the cheesecake. As for the chocolate covered Strawberry..........I just love strawberries, and when you dip it in chocolate...........how can you go wrong???. . The service was outstanding! Our waiter was very friendly, & he was quick to remove our dirty plates after we had finished eating. . . Lots of free parking at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. The place gets pretty packed during the prime times, so go early if you don't want to wait. $38.00 per person during the weekdays for dinner. $41.00 for dinner on the weekends. Check 'em out!
As the saying goes you get what you pay for. After hearing all these good things about wicked spoon I was slightly (very) disappointed. For reference my favorite buffet is the one at Caesars. So from the beginning here we go.... . Came with a group of 9 and after paying we had to wait for about 45mins for them to get a table for us. This is around 100, the latter portion of the brunch period (it's a Saturday). You would've thought that they were clearing out and putting tables together and making room for us. Turns out there were plenty of tables open and it was just your standard round table to fit us all. Slightly confused about the wait but whatever i'm hungry! They have a wide selection of drinks to choose from ($10 more gives u endless mimosas/Bloody Mary). . Food wise it's a lot smaller than I expected a Vegas buffet to be like. Selection is pretty small for actual food. Their selection of sweets was amazing. Huge dessert section and section for fruits/breads was pretty formidable as well. . . Side note: they had like this fruit shake with like strawberries and some other stuff.  Wooooo it was glorious. . . Back to the food though large selection of meats including sausages, prime rib, bone marrow and more! everything here was pretty good but I've never tried bone marrow before so I have nothing to reference to... But I don't see what's the big deal about em... Maybe just me. The mac and cheeses are  DELICIOUS 10/10 would eat it again.  The Asian section consisted of Asian styled meats and sushi. The only one they did right here was the pork belly. Had a good ratio of fat and meat but everythig else was pretty much garbage. Marinated Korean short ribs were super salty. The sushi was just embarrassing  Was so surprised that they even had the courage to put it out. Even the whitest guy could've seen that it was bad sushi. . . By this time it had transitioned into dinner and you can tell the quality of food got a little better. The crabs are served cold here and are pre-sawed which causes it to have all these little shavings in the crabmeat (yuck). . . TL;DR: don't come here for brunch and avoid the Asian area. The place is affordable and the food is good if you're hungry.
I guess when you grow up in Vegas it's hard to be impressed with buffets. I've never been really into going to the strip for the buffets, but my friend was visiting and thought I might as well try it because I've heard good things from people. . . I thought the buffet was okay. The interesting thing about those place is that they plate some of the food, but that just makes it harder to carry. I felt like I was going to drop my plate cause it was being carried with a bunch of other plates.. . I really liked the macaroni and cheese and polenta though! They're also a buffet that has a better selection of dessert.. . It was an interesting first experience but I probably wouldn't bother spending another $28.
Meh. Just "alright" in my book. It was overpriced for the selection of food. I expected more. The crab was overcooked so most of it stayed in the shell. I gave up fighting with it. The Korean short ribs were tough. The skin on the suckling pig was not edible. I was sad. Very sad. The desserts were better than the entrees and salads. Hence the 3 stars.
We decided to try the buffet while staying at the cosmopolitan. Lack of carved meats, seafood, desserts and a variety of food stations. It was ok, but i would recommend the bachannal instead, its worth the xtra $10
Despite being one of the best buffets I have been to and especially in Vegas, there was not too many things for vegetarians although some would say what they have will suffice.  For the price?  Unless you want a lot of dessert, I suggest only go if your meat eating friends want a buffet.  They do have options for us veggie.  If you're a vegan, I would not suggest this place.  There is hardly anything for vegans outside of steam rice or salad.. . Here's the thing, if you ask your waiter to help you with vegetarian items, they will actually ask one of the chef to give you a private tour explaining all the food items you could eat.  Funny enough the chef pushed a few seafood items at me, so be aware of that.  Iam guessing some of these chefs still think vegetarian means fish and other seafood as well.  Maybe if you go and you are a vegan, they can point things out for you too.  From my tour though, most of the stuff included dairy or eggs.. . Would I go back?  Yes.  Only if my friends really want to go.  Will I go back if it was my choice and my choice alone?  Nah.  I rather spend money at a place with more veggie options.. . The best thing: the macaroni and cheese bar!  I got all the veggie with extra jalapenos.  Too bad I cannot eat too much of that cause it was heavy cream and cheese based, but dang was it good!
Going to Vegas buffets is always a pleasure, can't think of any city I have been to that has better buffets. But comparatively, as I've gone to a majority of Vegas buffets, this was just average for me. I thought it was a rather small buffet and I was expecting a larger selection of  unique foods. But I found a lot of the same kinds of foods I commonly saw in Vegas buffets. But did end up stuffing myself - a bit too much for my own good I'd think.. Servers, staff and cooks were great and friendly though, for the most part. And oddly enough, when I went on a Saturday night at 7, there was no line; but that could be due to the fact there were protests by employees (or ex-employees) outside for some reason.
The place has a nice ambience but was over rated. I'll go over my thoughts on the brunch. They have a huge dessert section which contained gelato and many other pastries. I found this section to be the most robust in flavor and selection. . . Then There was an Asian section that consisted of noodles, unlabeled sushi and stir fried options. Another section was the pizza and Mac and cheese which happened to be the smallest but my wife found it to be her fav. Since she doesn't like pizza it's safe to say this might have been their strong point.  . . They also have a meat section with sirloin which was medium to medium rare without an option for further cooking your streak. I was disappointed because I wanted well done and it wasn't available. The other meats were chicken, sausage. . . Finally there was a breakfast section for eggs, cereal, toast and everything in between. As usual you can't really do wrong with breakfast due to its simplicity but they did not have any type of jellies except for strawberry. I was kind of irked that they wouldn't have a basic breakfast staple available. . . Overall it wasn't what I expected, it was quite small and got packed very easily. I advise coming when it isn't packed, you'll def save yourself sometime in lines waiting for avg food. For 36$ a person I expected better.
Went for brunch.  It was good, I liked it, but I wouldn't go back.  I didn't think they had enough breakfasty items and they had some odd choices for 10am.  Like Chinese food, and Poleta with pesto, etc.  . . I liked that their were individual servings of things so that you didn't overeat.  Dessert choices were pretty darn good.
Seafood : 4 star. Beef, lamb , pork , chicken : 3 star . Mexican , asian , pasta , ... : 2 star. Appetizers , salad , ... : 2 star. Dessert : 4 star. Service : 4 star. Price : 2 star. . OVERALL : 3 Star
We went there because of the review and photo~~~ . We went Sat night at 7ish. Didn't wait in line too long. That's a good thing.  It's $41 per person.  . Not too many selection. They cut prime rib and lamb as thin as paper~~ . Seafood is not too fresh~~~. Dessert bar probably is the best selection~~. Don't think we will come here again~~ Wynn or Cesear are much worthier the $$ we pay for~~~
I was really excited about this buffet with all the good reviews and consistantly on top five in most lists, but with high expectation comes high disappointment. the varieties are over hyped. We paid forty bucks per person, almost fifty when everything was added. The Asian section was the most disappointing, youd think with a high end buffet they should hire some great chefs and helpers, artists if you will. but half the section was dried up pieces of crap in a little asian takeout box, and the only soup available there is egg drop soup? the most lazy, inauthentic of soups found in the worse of chinese buffets. They also manage to mess up kalbi! how do you mess that up? i didnt believe it when my friends said they didnt like it but when i tasted it, it was too salty.  The crab legs were cold, first time having them like that, dont know if its their intention but it definitely wasnt as good. I stopped eating because I ran out of variety....really not as much choices as hyped. half the choices were some kind of bread and carb. Most of my group didnt eat much and complained they were disappointed.
Wicked spoon was very mixed for me. . . The asiago gnocchi and polenta were both fantastic. . . The curried rice was dry from too long under the heat lamp. The leg of lamb was mediocre. . . The carnitas taco was fair... Right down the middle. . . The deserts were amazing! I could have just eaten those. . . The walk through the cosmopolitan was great too. Modern style and interesting art. . . Was it worth $41 per person? I guess that depends on how much desert you eat!. . . Considering a burger, fries and a coke will cost you $30+ at most restaurants on the strip, I think it was worth it.
For me 3 stars means A-OK...I would eat here again with no problem though I may not rush there or rave about it. In fairness I am not a huge fan of buffets and this one is certainly one of the biggest I have ever seen. There are at least 5 or 6 different stations - salad, dessert, seafood, meats, eclectic mix, Asian.. . Like any decent buffet, many of the dishes were very good, lots were okay and some were not for me at all. I felt the food was kept fresh and replenished often, I enjoyed seeing the staff behind the food as I could ask questions, get recommendations etc... One of the things I liked best was the small size of certain dishes - enough for a bite or two which encouraged me to try lots of things I may not have tasted otherwise. . . The best station for me was the salad area, the staff was friendly and very attentive. Dessert was quite disappointing. A little pricey for a buffet but you are in Vegas!!
For $34 a buffet isn't bad. The prime rib was delicious with the mash potatoes. The sushi was disgusting. It's been sitting out for a long time and was hard and had no flavor. We came during brunch and the long was way too long. The service isn't very good. The waiters did not clear our table nor did they clear out the table next to us. Our used plates were sitting at the table the entire time we were there and were still there when we left. The bone marrow they had did not have anything on them, it was just plane bones and was just sitting there the entire time even though a chef was there the whole time. They are very stingy with their prime rib. Just because I'm a girl and I look small does not mean I don't know how to eat. He gave me a tiny little piece and did the same with my bf. Their chocolate covered strawberries were good but they didn't have any plain chocolate covered strawberries just the Oreo and Heath ones. The gelato scooper would mix up the flavors. I asked for the scattellini flavor or however you spell it and he did not clean his scoop so the pink sorbet gelato was mixed with mines and did not taste very good. Overall this place was ok. Idk if I'd come back.
I think this place is a little overrated. They do have a good variety of different food but I guess it just didnt really fit my taste all that much. . . Ive been here twice, for brunch both times, and even though I ended up being extremely full, I feel like the food quality could be a little better. I do love breakfast food a lot but I feel like they are missing out by not serving all the normal staple breakfast food. . . Also, I hate it when my food is not hot when it is supposed to be. I know it is a buffet and all but if you are serving ramen, you have to make sure that the broth is hot!. . I had a great time dining here. Service was great and the food isnt bad. The dining area is beautiful too. I also like how everything is already portioned out for you and in their own little plates/dishes. Its really cute!
At $42 per person for brunch, it is simply not worth the price. I have been to several buffets on the Las Vegas strip including the buffets at the Bellagio, Wynn, Bacchanal, M-Resort, Rio and the MGM just to name a few, so I think I have a pretty good perspective.. . The food selection and quality is definitely good, but their service leaves much to be desired. Our server took it upon himself to shake my hand and the hand of every person in my party. Great! There's nothing like beginning a holiday brunch with a germ swap! The person at the meat carving station was about as friendly as a rabid caged animal. I wanted to say something to him about his horrible attitude, but he was holding a very large knife. I figured I didn't stand a chance if it ever came to blows especially since I was only holding a basket of fried chicken and a bowl of watermelon and pear salad. As the old adage goes, "Never bring a watermelon salad to a knife fight." So I kept my comments to myself and endured his horrible attitude.. . At this buffet, you can expect to enjoy four-star food and two-star service.
We ate here on a Saturday in early October' 13. We were both excited to eat here having read glowing reviews.  However I'm sorry to say we both left underwhelmed. . . We did have a short wait and the service was friendly.  However we both considerd the food to be just ok. Perhaps we needed to visit later in the evening, however there was only a fraction of the choices available compared with what I've read in the reviews. . . I can't say it was a bad experience, we just didn't feel the hype was justified.
Had brunch here on Thanksgiving Day. Went in around 11:15 am and the line was short, only waited about 20 minutes to get a table. However, by the time we finished, the line was very long, so be aware and plan ahead. . It was very crowed, and we were placed in a weird spot that people constantly trying to slip by us to get to the buffet table. The service was good and quick. The food is like any big name Vegas buffet: good quality, huge selection. . . My experiences with Vegas buffets deteriorated over time, mainly because I become older and can't eat as much as I used to, and the wow factor I had during my first few visits to Vegas buffets evaporates quickly. . I've tried many Vegas buffets (Bellagio, Aria, Wynn, Rio, Cosmopolitan) during multiple visits. The overall experience is very good, and my recommendation is you should try Vegas buffet at least once. There's no BEST buffet here, I would say you can't do wrong with any big name buffets here in Vegas. They are all vast and they all have a huge exotic food selections.
I wanted to try this place after seeing good reviews trom yelp, so I was there for a brunch the day after Thanksgiving.  Ummmm....a big mistake.. .  ONE WORD: disappointeddddddd !. . Negatives:. - variety of selections, but they were mediocre, nothing special or outstanding ( no good sushi selection, and fried chicken in a cute basket was nasty! How can you go wrong with a fried food?). . -this place is pretty big and i was sitting near desserts.  by the time I got my foods and came back to my table, they were cold.. . -my waiter...."Will", took almost 30min to come to my table for a drink. . -water from fancy water bottle tasted like bathroom, yukkk! So dont get fool by the fancy bottle. . . -overpriced,  definitely not worth $39 for brunch. . . Positives:. -good dessert bar. . -good salad bar. . -nice decor/interior. . I just dont understand why others gave this place such good reviews. :(
The first time I went to the Wicked Spoon, I was so excited and happy from the food and experience.  I feel like now the quality has gone down.  It is good to try at least once because of their unique way in which they present the dishes, but the food quality is definitely not as high anymore.
So many of my friends raved about how Wicked Spoon is their favorite buffet in Vegas, so I was excited to finally try. On the weekdays, lunch buffet is only $25 per person. Score! The decor of this place is AH-MAZING! The food presentation is AH-MAZING-ER (Is this a word? Well, now it is.) However, the taste of the food is just okay. Although there are a million choices - breakfast, Asian, meats, salads, seafood, and desserts (oh gosh, the desserts!) - nothing was too satisfying for my taste buds. . . This restaurant is definitely a buffet to try for the experience and pictures, but if I wanted to make my taste buds dance, I'd go to another buffet.
I was so excited to finally try Wicked Spoon after hearing so many great things about it. I went around 7 on Saturday night (in December) and there was no line or wait. The decor was great and all the food looked amazing! . . I dug into the crab legs immediately which we're sliced in half so you can just pull te meat out. Crab was great. I then followed it with some bone marrow and kalbi meat which were both just okay. kalbi was comparable to a 3 or 4 star Korean restaurant in San Jose. . . I was most excited about their dessert and they had a wide selection, although I think Bacchanal Buffet at Ceasars Palace had more. I had the strawberry and Thai tea ice cream and the chocolate dipped strawberries which were all very good. . . Overall, not sure if it was worth the $41 and I would recommend Bacchanal over Wicked Spoon.
The food was 50/50 half of it was great and the other half was gagged back onto the plate.. . Basically everything to the L of and including the prime rib / bone marrow station was very tasty and worth several trips back for.. . Was hoping the saving grace would be the dessert station but that was HORRIBLE I mean how do you mess up a brownie or a cupcake...... . The price was decent at 38 pet adult for dinner but there are many more better buffets to choose from
Don't go here on breakfast/lunch.  They serve the same menu. . Seems like leftover from the night before. I know since I ate dinner last night and then breakfast the next day.  I like the little serving dish idea:)
I flew into vegas on Saturday and landed at 2pm. Promptly decided that it was worth it to skip lunch and go for an early buffet dinner to 'skip the line'. Well, it was pretty much dead at 4:30pm, a good time to go guys! haha The only thing is, with the room so empty and decked out in dark wood and amber, it felt dark and danky. Maybe it's better to judge the atmosphere when it's a bit fuller. . . Food was okay, I expected a bit more selections. For example, they didn't have any oysters, cooked or raw, nor sashimi. Some highlights:. . - ceviche - so good, I had two!. - seared scallops - yummy, perfectly cooked. - roasted pork belly - this is in the asian aisle and we didn't see it until near the end before dessert time. I literally gasped because I love pork belly and this was delicious. Saving grace for the rest of the buffet really.... - great selection of gelato. . You can skip:. - the bucket of fried chicken. Looks so cute but it was dry and not seasoned. . I'm afraid you misunderstood my last sentence. I don't mean under seasoned; I mean NOT seasoned.. - the king crab legs. Maybe I'm spoiled because I'm from the pacific northwest and we eat seafood like fast food here. These crab legs taste like salt water. Just imagine salty water that has a texture and you've got the crab legs served at Wicked Spoon.. . When we left, the restaurant was starting to fill up but still no line yet. That was around 6:30pm. I think that the rush would have started anytime after that. All in all, for ~$40 for buffet, I would come back again but would probably try their brunch/lunch.
Nice place! BUT the food was very salty! Great selection of deserts!!!! ( Tasted great! Including many flavor of ice-cream). Service was great! Food selection was okay. Very pricy bout $50 a person. Will consider again for second time for possible changes.
The ceviche was great,  and the mini shepherd's pie was tasty too. The price is high,  and the selection isn't quite as good as the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace, but this is still a good choice. . . Definitely try to find out ahead of time what the wait looks like: we were in line for about an hour or so.
$35 for lunch buffet (was here on 12/22/13). . everything here is great. I enjoyed many of the items here. I only wish that they have crab legs. For $35 i don't expect to see king crabs, but at least snow crabs; plus it was a holiday weekend that I visited. . . everything here is presented "cutely" which makes the food looks good, however it actually tasted good. The fried chicken here was much better than Bacchanal's. The chicken actually had taste and it was not dry.. . i really enjoyed the sirloin, it was perfectly cooked and was juicy.. Most of their pasta dishes were good, from their mushroom risotto to angry mac and cheese -- all tasted way better than Bacchanal's, i thought.. . Their cured meat selections were just meh. I liked Bacchanal's way better for that. . Sushi section was sad; all cheap sushi rolls and no nigiri, just plain regular sushi rolls with fake crab meat (not even california rolls). it's like the korean version of sushi. I didn't eat anything from that section. . . Desserts were decent: their chocolate dipped strawberries were big and to be honest i did find Bacchanal's dessert section much better.. . Overall the experience at Wicked Spoon is how i expected. It was good and different - a place for those who cares about presentations.
Spend $50 on brunch here the other day and I'm not sure it was worth it......granted gratuity was included but it was still a $40+ price tag just for the meal itself. They were running a holiday special menu at the time, so i guess i had pretty high expectations.... . On to the food itself, I really enjoyed the risotto and the bone marrow that they had. As far as other dishes, I think they were just average at best. (REALLY hoped for more sushi selections...)
WARNING: I'm about to go into full detail of every aspect of Wicked Spoon so if you just want the quick version skip to the bottom!. . I kid you not, I sampled almost everything. So here goes.. . Asian: Don't be lured in by the ridiculously cute takeout boxes. The ddukboki, or Korean spicy rice cakes were horrendous. Any Korean who tried that probably swore shibal because they were absolutely horrible. I don't ever eat rice or Panda Express type dishes at buffets, that's just dumb. Sushi rolls looked unappealing. Nigiri had a lot of rice but the salmon was fresh. Kalbi short ribs were pretty decent, tender and marinated well maybe a little under seasoned. Star of the section was pork belly. I really had to stop myself from eating a whole block. Slather on the hoisin sauce, how did they know it would complement the fatty cuts so well?!. . Italian: Bleu cheese and short ribs pizza was a no go. The meat was tough, under seasoned, and dry. Mussels had no flavor even though they were swimming in sauce. Risotto was rich and creamy but I'm no connoisseur. Pasta cavatappe next to it was yummy. Meatballs were tender, nothing spectacular. Rice was bland. Brussels sprouts were not good. . . Meat station: Shepherds pie had a really funky taste that I didn't enjoy. They were really cute served in a mini skillet though. Candied yams are my weakness. I mean marshmallows and yams, hello. Prime rib was sooo delicious. Get two slices minimum. Bone marrow intrigued me but I didn't like the texture. It was just really fatty and oily in my mouth. Not pleasant at all. The huge ribs next to the prime rib were sad. Not tender, not seasoned, overcooked. The fingerlings in duck confit were not good. I didn't taste anything unique or duck-like. Fried chicken was ok. Not super crispy or spectacularly seasoned, once again. Man, I think the head chef might have been sick cause I'm now seeing a pattern. I'm Asian, we like our food well seasoned!!!. . Salads: Watermelon with balsamic dressing was a nice, juicy, and refreshing bite. Kale salad was worth trying. And the soup, which was unlabeled, was ok. Nothing else worth trying except maybe the ceviche. . . Seafood section: Get the Mac and cheese with prime rib. Those were like little nuggets of gold swimming in a cheesy pool. Tender and a little fatty and oh so delicious with the cheese sauce. Salmon was cooked perfectly with this tangy white sauce and buttery butternut squash bed. . . Dessert: This was the absolute star of the show both in taste and presentation. See the picture of my plate to see how much I enjoyed myself here. Two words: pistachio gelato. Hands down, the best pistachio flavor I've ever tasted. Seriously like eating a mouthful of toasted pistachios in every spoonful. It was so nutty and creamy. This is how pistachio gelato should taste. Strawberry balsamic was unique but I didn't get that much of the balsamic flavor. Salted peanut caramel really fell short for me. The apple caramel puff is really deceiving to the eye because it looks like a toasted meringue sitting on a little tartlet. The puff is filled with this tangy and slightly sweet green apple custard on a thick, gooey caramel. It was a beautiful sensation of flavors and textures in your mouth. Skip the molten chocolate cake (and most of the chocolate desserts actually) and go for the warm apple crumble. That warm apple crumble was heavenly, I couldn't stop eating it! It was warm and cinnamony with the perfect crunchy topping, ugh, magical. The white chocolate mousse cone brought the child out in me. It's like the bottom part of the drumstick cone that's filled with the surprise chocolate nugget but instead with yummy white chocolate mousse. The carrot cake was perfect. Orange macaron was too crunchy and sugary.. . Final verdict: Wicked Spoon did not wow me as I had hoped for. Maybe I had my expectations set too high but if I'm going to be paying $50+ for a buffet it better be damn good. I think I really expected for this buffet to be filled with unique and innovative dishes. There was mostly traditional dishes that they attempted to revamp but failed to execute well. I would not wait more than 30 min on a normal weekend and 1 hour on a holiday weekend. If it's going to take longer, go somewhere else. If you are looking for lots of variety and amazing seafood, this is not the buffet for you. However, this buffet is worth checking out if you love dessert and appreciate beautiful presentations of food. The ambiance is gorgeous and hip. The staff is friendly. But the food is just ok. This buffet is slightly overhyped. A cool scene to hang out in since it's in the new Cosmo hotel and all, but overhyped, definitely overhyped. My advice: Do the $18 express take out box deal if you're not willing to commit $40+ on the buffet. You get to sample as much as gourmet food you can fit in a Togo box (without overeating too much) for less than 20 bucks. I don't know if you get to forgo the line but it's a pretty sweet deal if you ask me!
Just left and I'm extremely full. Please note, the food deserves at least 4 stars, but I had some issues with the workers. . . I enjoyed the foods from the Italian, salad, and sea food stations. Everything I tried made me clear my plate. But, my issues (and lower star rating) come from the lack of an interesting Asian station, and there was no one at the Mac&cheese station... Disappointment. . . Also, there was a lack of professionalism at the dessert station, for 2 employees were arguing loudly. F-bombs flying and very poor choice of language for an area with children!! . . I highly recommend the wicked spoon and it's food. Hopefully it can get its employees under control.
