Had breakfast buffet twice here during a recent stay. They offer a wide range of cuisines - from American-style to Chinese foods (though, it wasn't very Chinese-y). Overall, the food quality was pretty good, but for the price ($23-$28), it is a bit pricey.. . The staff was pretty decent - the waiters were pretty prompt with refilling your drinks. The dining room looks out to the pool. Depending on who's swimming out there, could be a nice view, or it could cause you to lose your appetite. ;)
Food was just alright. Nothing special. Service was ok. King crab legs were frozen. Carving station chef needed attitude adjustment. Overall probably wouldn't be back for how much they charge.
Loved the style of the place, typical Vegas service though, always replacing your drink a bit too often... even after it being half full *sigh*. . Crab legs were not up to Vegas standards though... they had been cut in half and were pre-buttered... I know the convenience of having crab legs pre-cut benefits those who cannot open crab legs. I like to argue that part of the experience of crab legs is to open them up.
The food is adequate for a Strip restaurant buffet... but why is it that most all buffets (even in upper end resorts) have all the style and atmosphere of a average mid-city cafeteria... (and at Aria even more so).. At some of the most gorgeous properties in town, where no upscale detail is spared... why is it not possible to make the dining experience more than what's being offered... (guess the philosophy is feed em quick, and get em back out in the casino... nothing more).
Had breakfast here for $15.95 per person and convinced my wife that for the amount to eat at a cafe or coffee bar was going to be as expensive.  I really can't complain since they had an omelet bar, and the best hash browns ever.  We had refills on coffee and OJ and although there was no Salmon and only whitefish everything was aok.
The food was so so. I had better. The dessert section is quite lovely though. They had almost everything including 4-5 different types of ice cream. I am a sucker for ice cream!
What's a trip to Vegas without an all you can eat buffet?  (Insert random Vegas joke of your liking here.). . $24 brunch, $31 unlimited champagne or bloody marys on a Saturday morning.  Considerably less selection than most other high end hotel buffets, but I agree with Jonathan W in that you'll pay twice as much at Wynn and Bellagio and most likely won't eat double the food. This place is just enough. They had all the usual buffet meats...prime rib, ham, turkey, etc. and also had chicken rope sausage that was pretty darn good.  . . No wait for Saturday brunch.  Oh yes... +1 star.. . Excellent service.  Quick turnaround.  No stack of empty plates on our table.  Champagne filled before it was empty.  Oh heck yes.... +1 star.. . Really decent crab legs.  I'm not the type that loads 10 plates with only crab legs and doesn't eat anything else, but I had a few, and they were pretty tasty.  Fresh, and pre-split.  Oh hell yay-a...+1 more star. . . Desserts...fuggedaboutit.  I had a scoop of butterfinger gelato and that was it.  It may have been an off day, but considering I'm a dessert whore, you know there was something wrong if that was all I walked away with.
Great service with plenty of staff who are very friendly. We tried both the brunch and dinner buffet. To make it more simple:. . Dinner:. $38/person on a Saturday night. Includes choice of wine and a lobster. . . Wide selection of food. To name a few:. - snow crab legs, alaskan crab legs, shrimp cocktail. - salmon sushi, spicy salmon rolls. - prime rib, roasted lamb. - pizza, pasta. - chinese food. - variety of different ice cream flavors and toppings. - creme brulee. . Brunch:. $26/person. . - crab legs and shrimp cocktail. - roast beef, ham, sausage carving stations. - italian sausage, bacon, eggs benedict. - pizza. - fruits...and much more . . Not that impressed with the brunch. I ended up with the stomach flu a few hours after having the brunch buffet. I felt sick for a few days. The dinner was well worth it to me though.
We opted for the $35 buffet plus unlimited mimosas/bloody mary's. This place is ran poorly but the deal is unbeatable.  $35 buffet plus bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's.
The Aria is one of the nicest casinos in vegas. I have lived in las vegas for twenty years now and have tried them all. I walked into the buffet and it was beautiful, especially where they sat us facing the pool and garden area. The silverware, glasses and the dessert plate where those of a gourmet restaurant. The shrimp where excellent and the crab legs where just ok. I got there for lunch at 3.30 and dinner started at 4.00, so i took my time to see what new food they would put out. The only thing that changed were the crab legs went from snow crab to king crab. The snow crab were much tastier as the king crab legs were very small and dried out. As i searched for food they had nothing much to choose from.The salad bar was very limited but the desserts were very nice. The service was very good. Lunch was 20.00 and if your into eating alot of real good firm shrimp it's worth it, but i will never return.
I went to the buffet at Aria not long after the hotel first opened. It wasn't busy at all that night and service was great. The food was replenished pretty quick when items were running low, but some of the items lacked flavor. While it was a good meal I wouldn't necessarily make a point of returning to this buffet out of all the other delicious ones in Vegas.
With all of the buffets on the Strip, there isn't a lack of destinations to choose from.  However, considering how much I like Aria, I figured that their buffet would have to be on my list of spots to check out.  After all, if their buffet can match the hotel, then it must be pretty decent right?  So, after checking out their menu and being decently satisfied, some of my friends and I ended up coming on a Thursday night to give them a shot.  . . After paying and making our way in, I already started to get an ominous feeling though.  Now, I don't know about you...but I generally get worried when I start having doubts before I even make it to my seat.  Why so worried?  Well, although the spaciousness of the dining area might have had something to do with it, the buffet seemed pretty empty to me.  Though I didn't expect it to be a madhouse like how it is at some Asian buffets, I figured there would at least be a steady stream of people shuttling back and forth between the food and their tables.  In this case, not so much.   Refreshing as it was to be able to reach for the serving utensil without someone right on my ass waiting for me to finish, it made me wonder if all those missing people knew something I didn't.  . . Like most Vegas buffets, they have a decent variety of selections to cover just about every diner that should pass through the place.  From the usual buffet staples to Asian selections to Mexican food, they cover a lot of territory.  The question isn't so much what you want, but what is worth eating - like your choices, the quality varies as well.  For the most part, the food is fine - nothing terrible, but nothing that drives you back up there for seconds or thirds.  The Mexican food was pretty bad, though I like the chips and guacamole/salsa bar.  Then again, at a Vegas buffet, that's probably not the sort of thing you want to be chasing.  . . Among the few things that were of note, I thought that the prime rib was better than average for a buffet.  The seasoning on the outside was pretty good, and it was still juicy and tender.  The star though, if you're a fan, is the fresh crab legs they have.  Haven't seen all of the buffets in Vegas, but it's one of the few that I recall seeing crab legs at, and it's certainly the best that comes to mind.  They were very fresh and tasted great, and it's always handy when they slice it all the way through so it's easier to pick the meat out.  Hassle free crab legs?  Sign me up please!. . All in all, the buffet isn't terrible, and it's definitely worth checking out if you like crab legs.  Just that in Vegas, with so many other choices (relatively) close, you're probably better off heading over to Cosmopolitan or Wynn.
John, I am right with you on this one. . . First off the Pros: . Bottomless wine, lobster(although limitedto half a lobster/ person), clean, wait service was real good, and the desserts. . . Cons: . Food was par at best, bland and greasy, a bit pricy for the food that was served. . . Straight forward, the food was ok.. nothing special although they had crab legs, lamb, and prime rib. There were both pretty dry and I'm not usually the biggest fan of au jus. I had a plate and a half of random foods and nothing that especially peaked my interest including their crab legs. So I decided to go straight to dessert, I mean truthfully no one can screw up anything with sugar in it right? Because of my huge sweet tooth, the desserts definitely hit the spot after a standard meal. . . The banana foster was yummy, some chocolate cake was also really good, I also got some of the ice cream or gelato (don't seem to remember), and a number of their cookies. If what you need is dessert, than this place will indeed suffice. . . I would rather make the drive to M resort where prices are cheap and food is better than Aria and the desserts are also bomb!. . Or the Wynn/Bellagio buffet. Spring the extra cash wouldn't be much in this case as we paid about 35 a pop at Aria.
This buffet is very strong with food quality and comfort. The buffet has a great feel to it and doesnt look like a buffet when you are seated and see big windows. The good is good and has a big meat and cheese section. However the selections are fairly limited and it is a little smaller compared to a lot of other places you will see in town. The deserts are excellent though.
Because I wasn't expecting much it was much better than I thought.  Set your exceptations low and you won't be disappointed.  . . Redeeming qualities of the buffet:. . I love crab legs and did you know you can ask them to steam them at night??  So I had two full plates of warm crab legs.  Yum Yum Yum!  . . They give you sub par lobster but its still lobster... . . I am Korean and the kimchi was actually really good.  So kudos for authentic sour kimchi!. . Not so redeeming qualities: . . Service was horrific no fault to our waiter... he worked his ass off but he was covering a large area by himself... . . . Overall the dinner buffet was meh.... the breakfast brunch was a little better... It wasn't bad... wouldn't say it was earth shattering yumz... but like I said... set your expectations low and you won't be so disappointed... . . . Brunch much better than dinner.  I would give Brunch a solid 3 stars and dinner maybe 2 and a half stars...
Everything was good, but nothing memorable.  May stop in again if it's convienient and the Bellagio buffet is closed.
So- So. .  It's our first stay here at Aria so the next thing to do would be to try the buffet. Dinner price is usual around 40 bucks per person which includes half of a lobster lol. The buffet seemed to have 50% salad items. There's about over 10 kinds of salads and not enough variety for other things. I guess the best way to get your money's worth is loading up with the crabs. The sushi is buffet quality,( not the greatest)  rice was a little hard but I am very much fond of the dessert counter. Lots to choose from, but the best one would the banana cream pie. . . TIP* I guess in any buffets here Vegas come a little early and beat the crowd. Preferably around 5:30- 7pm. Who likes to wait in line when you're starving right?
it was alright, it had plenty of food to choose from but the lobster was pretty bad. I recommend getting the king and snow crabs over the lobster. the sushi was a-little dry. however the desert section of the buffet was the best it had alot to pick from fruits to pies to cake to ice cream to cookies and brownies. I would suggest trying this buffet out! :)
The Buffet at Aria was nice. I went there for lunch. It was 24.95 for Sunday Brunch, but we stayed at a M Life venue and was able to have $20 covered by the hotel. Thus, $4.95 plus tax and tip is pretty darn good. Ask for the deal. . . I enjoyed the crab legs which were pre-sliced. I first tried it cold with melted better. Then I had the crab legs steamed slightly and that was much better because you could taste the sweetness. The cocktail shrimp was good as well. The eggs Benedict was yummy. The chicken soup was pretty good. The desserts were yummy. The rest of the was only okay.
CRAB LEGS. . SHRIMP.. DESSERT BAR.. BREAKFAST BURRITO.. BACON.. . I am still full and its been 2 days. Also none of my clothes fit anymore, so tyvm. . . Probably would check out the Mandalay Bay one or Paris next time. I mean, the food wasn't life changing. Except that breakfast burrito- holy crap what did you put in there??
Nothing to rave about, nothing amazing to talk about, to me it's just typical average buffet in Vegas, but for 30 bucks I expected more.. . Here for Sunday Brunch.. . My highlights worth noting:. - An omelette station where you add whatever your heart desired however as most buffet omelette chefs fresh out of culinary school, my eggs were overdone.. -Oh, the carving station, surprising the turkey breast was juicy and moist that caught me off guard, but the beef top round was tough and dry like shoe leather.. -Sushi - no raw stuff wtf...for 30 just sushi rolls...again wtf.. -Snow crab legs - pretty good once you squeeze a little acid and dip it in warm butter, it's so money that I had a second helping and opted out of dessert.. . My overall opinion, it's just blah!
Very disappointing dinner. In a city known for its delicious, extravagant buffets, and in this brand new hotel, for $37, I expected much more.. . We mostly went for the unlimited wine (chardonnay or merlot) and lobster. No line at 5PM and our party of 11 was seated right away. We were also made to go back to the line and pay a separate 18% gratuity charge when they realized we were all in the same group. Sure, we are served wine, and we probably would have left something anyway, but a forced gratuity for a BUFFET is just ridiculous in principle. That meant we had no intention to leave anything else. . . Our waiter, who turned out to be awesome, started by bringing small carafes of whatever wine we wanted. He ended up bringing 4 or 4 at a time and just leaving them on the table. You definitely won't go thirsty here. . . The food was not as much of a selection as most other buffets I've been to. Not many desserts and they weren't as good as other buffets. The rest of the food consisted of carved meats (including salmon), sushi, crab legs, peeled shrimp, some Asian stir fries, salad, pasta, and a few others. Nothing was spectacular enough for me to want to go back for more, and they seemed to be missing most of the basics. The crab legs were pre-cut in half, which I liked (I'm lazy). . . Each person got 1/2 a lobster, which I really enjoyed. If you like lobster,crab legs, shrimp, and as much wine as your heart desires, this is the place to you. But the other food left us all disappointed for what we paid and for the expectations of this hotel.
Mmmmm... there was SO much food. I loved everything! I didn't like the wait though. It was pretty long.
Beautiful dining area, representative of the rest of Aria - lots of blue/turtoisiness, glass, and natural light. That alone put me in a good mood. The food was aaaite - better than the Bellagio lunch buffet that we had just eaten the day before.. . We went for brunch/lunch on a Saturday. . . Things I liked: . . - The fact that they had crab legs at lunch (Bellagio didn't). - The nice servers. - The carving station (better than Bellagio) - the chicken rope sausage was pretty good. - The creme brulee. - The cookies (though Wicked Spoon's desserts are still better). . Not so good:. . - Dessert selection in general
I went for the dinner buffet on a Wednesday night. I liked that there was no line, it wasn't crowded, and the food was fresh.. . All of the beef dishes were stand outs:. . - Prime Rib. - Beef Fajitas. - Mongolian Beef. . They were all really tender and well cooked (not overdone). Everything else was solidly good. The home-made ice cream was the best thing in the dessert section. They were a little light on options in that department.
If you don't know me by now.. I love buffets. It can be the most disgusting place in the world and i'd still find something great about it. Giving a 3 star rating is kind of a stretch but it wasn't 2 star bad so there you go. . . Came in for the lunch buffet my last day in vegas, a bit sad to go and a heck of a lot sadder I couldnt hit up several more buffets but girls gotta party and full stomachs + clubbing dress dont really mix. For $25 per, this place wasnt so bad, with food ranging from japanese, mexican, italian.. etc. Im assuming one has beento a buffet before. . . Things to skip:. -sushi rolls .. with very little emphasis on the sushi part.. actually, scratch that.. no sushi in sight, just a couple of rice rolled in seaweed with vegetable stuffings. blaaaand. dry. stuck together. disgusting. -ceviche .. smelly little cups of "seafood" and vegetables in vinegar. -kimchi .. next to the chinese food section, the only korean thing there. disappointing. bland. and just plain wrong. -some type of nacho .. cheese, beef, salsa.. sitting on top of some corn chips which by the way turned soggy by the time I scooped some up. . Things to try:. -omelets .. they make them on the spot for you so you really can't go wrong. -waffles .. hated the other breakfast items but the waffles were perfect!!. -roast meats .. selection of beef, turkey, pork. I got the roast beef with aju and horseradish which was the best thing there. -dessert .. at first glance, I thought they had a huge selection but there were maybe 6 cakes and the rest were cookies and danish. Loved the apple pie, banana cream pie, and strawberry cheesecake . -gelato .. the lemon sorbet!!. . Things that were eh:. -crab legs .. it wasn't bad.. it wasn't good.. it was just meh. -chinese food .. . -soups. . Overall, the place wasn't horrible but wish i'd gone to the buffet at the bellagio or mandalay bay. Should've just stuck around for the dinner at another buffet anyway since the drive back took 7 freaking hours due to serious traffic!! My opinion for the place.. skip it unless you're getting comped.
Went here on a Tuesday morning for some breakfast noshings, and although there was a lot to choose from, the food just wasn't anything spectacular.  . . We DID get in at about 10:30am, and they were doing the switch-out for the lunch food, so maybe that was a contributing factor, however, as far as breakfast goes, there was nothing special about it.. . You got your standard omelette line, fresh fruit, oatmeal, scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, French toast, pancakes, etc.  All that good stuff.  Nothing really stood out for me, EXCEPT for the desserts.. . The DESSERTS are another topic.  All their desserts come from Jean Philippe (downstairs), so you know it's got to be good.  The Oreo cream cake, and the raspberry cheesecake are delish!  They also have the gelato out during breakfast, which made me happy :). . Gonna have to check this place out for dinner, since everyone's ravin' bout them crab legs!!!  But as far as breakfast goes, not bad at all, just nothing spectacular.
We stayed here at the Hotel. It was okay. I think the Dinner price was a bit overpriced. We were there for the glass of wine/Lobster special. The Lobster wasn't that impressive and kind of looked under cooked. This was a surprise to me that the buffet was not that impressive because the rest of the hotel/casino was wonderful! Maybe a different meal time would have been better.
If this buffet was any place but Vegas it would be a 4 star joint, but my standards goes up once it is Vegas. I consider Vegas, Buffet City! The seating for this buffet is very classy and the decor is bright and fun. I also like how we were surrounded by the food versus the diners surrounding the food. Our server did greet us but failed to let everyone at the table know we each get a half a lobster and complimentary wine. I feel special features like that should be advertised. The night we went we had a choose of Merlot or Chardonnay, I think it may change from time to time. . For the price, I wasn't supper happy with the food. . The lobster was quite delicious and the they had both snow crabs and dungeness (but they were cold). Other than that nothing else in the buffet was memorable or worth really having seconds. . The dessert that I did like was the creme brulee but I love creme brulees and I will say it was nothing special, but still delicious. . Buffets in Vegas are not cheap like you would think. It was $70 for two (not including tip) and that is without ordering any drinks. I also understand its because they give out wine and a half lobster but not everyone wants that (especially for my group, some of the people don't drink wine and some hated lobster). . Overall, it was decent but i know there are way better buffets for the price.
I'm not a huge fan of buffets.  I tend to think I waste money for the little amounts of food I eat.  But The Buffet at Aria was pretty good.  There's a good selection of food (not as big as some of the other buffet spots in Vegas).  They even have already peeled shrimp!  Most buffets don't have peeled shrimp, but this place does.  . . Two downfalls to The Buffet:. . 1. Price.  I believe it was about $25/pp just for lunch alone.  . . 2. I hate that the Aria's pool is right next to The Buffet.  I don't feel like seeing people walk out of the pool or, better  yet, wring out and dry their bathing suits next to the place I am eating.  At least they should landscape it better - maybe have some trees or high shrubbery that would block the view of the pool???  Just a thought.
Decent, but not up to par for a place as nice as the Aria.. When you think 5 star buffet, you should expect a grand spread, but I was disappointed. . Ate here for breakfast and was not very impressed.  I would expect a much higher quality level of food from a 5 star resort such as the Aria.  Given how good Vegas buffets are in general, this was a bit of a disappointment.. . Lunch was a bit better.  They had crab legs and steamed them for me to heat them up.  Also, they had a tandoor oven and were making fresh Naan, which was really nice.  The carved meats were dry and tough, so that wasn't too good.. . Most of the food was pretty bland and easily forgotten.  Service was average.  The server was nice, but was not very attentive.
My first time here was WAY better. I guess things can change for the worse over time. . . Seriously, what buffet doesn't have ham? I thought that was a requirement at Vegas buffets. When I came here the first time, they had this delicious honey baked ham and a coconut macaroon for dessert! It was one of the best macaroons I've ever had. Now, the only thing I like is their prime rib and that's not even that great. For $40 per person, I expected more. I mean, I'm not asking for fireworks, but at least put some more effort into it like you did before. VERY disappointed.
Great buffet in Vegas.  The best thing about this place is they give you KING crab legs and they steam them up for you hot so you can eat LOTS of delicious crab meat....SO GOOD.  When I went, they gave you a free lobster and a glass of wine for every two dinners purchased, and we didn't even get around to eating the lobsters!!. . They have a good dessert selection (their apple pies were my favorite) and everything else was just OK.
Sorry Aria, your no Wicked Spoon.  The food selection is tiny for Vegas standard however the quality is close to Bellagio & Wynn. That is until you get to dessert, OMG.  If i had to give out an award to best dessert, I'd give it to their pastry chef.  It is that good.  Even their sugar free taste amazing and you can not tell it's sugar free.  Aria gets Best dessert when it comes to buffet. Their service is slow. It felt like They were under staffed in this department.
Dined here for the brunch buffet and it was just alright.  First off we had to wait in line for about half an hour which wasn't too bad as the line moved fairly quickly.  . . The worst part was that the dining room was only about three quarters full and if they had filled the entire room there would only be a line about half as long.  (And you would think that they would want to run at capacity as it was a Saturday afternoon.)  Another bad thing that they did was to not even have the table set when they sat us.  So our hostess showed us to our table which had no glasses, no cutlery, nothing at all really on it.  So we decided to go check out the buffet line and even after getting our food we arrived back to find the table as we had left it.  And this was about 10mins after we had first been seated, still no way to eat our food.  So we went to an unoccupied table and took the cutlery off of there.. . Well now on to the food.  This food was not spectacular at all, and you think it would be from this beautiful upscale hotel but it was just a letdown.  The crab had no taste and was just bland.  Even adding salt and butter didn't help this crab.  It tasted like they may have killed itthree times over.  It is hard to even remember anything spectacular on the buffet line.  What can I say this place was passable as a buffet but for the price definitely will not be back again.
The selection here is solid. Not too much variety compared to the other ones. However, this place has one thing that I love to eat..... King Crab legs. I swore that was all I ate here. The tri tip was pretty good as well. However, asides from those two selection, everything else is pretty mediocre. If you want King Crab legs come here, if not then I recommend somewhere else.
We had a resort credit so we ate here twice on a recent trip.  The food is good, even very good at times, but the service the first meal was bad and there is nothing that makes the meal stand out.  I did not like how you start the line at the crab legs, where everyone and their brother is waiting to squeeze as much crab on a plate as possible.  I thought the sushi was good for a buffet, and the deserts were also delicious and came with many choices.  The buffet is worth the money if you come just before lunch and get the breakfast price (about $15) but get to eat both breakfast and lunch foods (this is what we did the second day and that meal was a four star meal).   I don't eat crab legs, but if you do you would probably rate this as four stars because everyone who was eating them seemed very happy and those things certainly are not cheap at a non-buffet place .
I'm gonna be really frank about buffets. . . Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo. . The Buffet at the Wynn. . Studio B at the M. . are the top 3 in my book. Now Aria isn't a bad buffet place great service nice selection of foods. But I wouldn't really consider anything very gourmet here. All the food are staple foods the cocktail shrimp are not the highest grade compared to the above 3 but it's better than your hosh posh mix of janky buffets. The nice thing about the Aria that I did enjoy was that after the nice meal the walk around the mall next door was perfect to walk it off sorta speak.. . The desserts in here as well were a-ok but nothing spectacular compared to the above 3. I got comped 2 buffets for staying at the signature so it wasn't really terrible considering I didn't pay. It's the same price nearly as the other buffets as well so consider this before actually making it out here.. . If I'm near here I guess I'd hit this up since it's not terrible and meets the standard of buffets in Vegas!
When I was in line for 20 minutes for this place I noticed Yelpers had a lot of bad things to say.  Well it was not that back.  Just a typical buffet.  Some of the food was cold and some not that good.  But they have some items that was really good and the crab legs and shrimp is a good addition.  The drinks too a very long time to get to us.  We waited for about 5 minutes for a waiter to come over to get our drink order before we even went to get our food.  The drinks came when I was almost done with my first plate.  I hate not having something to drink while I eat.  But the facility is updated and looks nice.  Overall, it was what we expected.
If I hadn't had a free voucher for two to this buffet, I probably would have left feeling slightly unsatisfied.  It was good, but not amazing.  The crab legs were a nice touch, but not enough to make me want to go back.  Drinks were pretty expensive, and our waiter even said they're made really weak.
Food was good. We had brkfst here. Not enough servers. I was poured coffee, it had some strange stuff floating in it! Asked for mgr. that took awhile.  Food tasted fine.  Went there the following day for brkfst & they raised the price, more than double what we paid the previous day.  They said the increased price was because it was "brunch" pricing, even though it was a weekday.  What the hell!!!  We left & ate a brkfst at a neighboring hotel's buffet
When first walking into the Buffet at Aria I was very pleased. The atmosphere is pleasant. The decor is not over the top. It is just a nice place to dine. I was surprised to find that on Friday to Sunday evenings your buffet also includes a whole Maine Lobster for two and all you can drink house wine.. . When we first sat down it took over ten minutes before anyone came by to take our drink order. Our server seemed to not be in a good mood and we thought we might have problems, but that didn't seem to last very long and she provided very good service after our first encounter. For my wine selection I chose the Buffet's house red, which is a Merlot. I am sometimes hesitant about ordering house wines. They can tend to be watery, acidic, and have not much flavor. I was very pleased with the Buffet's house Merlot. It had a pleasant aroma, nice legs, and the flavor was acidic to the point of just giving it a little kick. The after taste was quite pleasing as well. The wine was a pleasant addition to my dining experience.. . The floor of the Buffet is spread out with many live-action stations and a large selection to choose from. The selection includes what you might find in many buffets in Las Vegas, Sushi, Mexican, Italian, Prime Meats, Soups, and Deserts. But, all the selections have more of a gourmet feel to them. The salad bar is not very large, but it provides all you need to make a very nice salad. There is no iceberg lettuce to be found, only romaine and spring greens. There are many toppings for your salad as well as about a dozen dressings to choose from. They have a made to order pasta station with many pastas and toppings. The carving station has several meats including lamb, turkey and prime rib. I had a slice of the prime rib. I was surprised that I was given a thin English Cut and not a thicker slice, but the flavor was very good. Not as high quality as I would expect from a high end steak house, but the meat was tender and tasty.. . One thing you don't find at all the buffets in Las Vegas is a deli station. This station has several meats, cheeses, breads, and condiments to make a quite tasty sandwich. Another item on the deli station I was pleased to find was an olive tray. There were several types of olives to delight in. Each having it's own unique flavor and texture. the Buffet at Aria is the only buffet in Las Vegas to showcase a Tandoor oven. Out of this oven comes kabobs, freshly baked naan, and one of my favorite items at the Buffet, a chicken & cheese quesadilla. Out of a Tandoor oven you may ask, yes, it was wonderful.. . The last items for most people are the items in the dessert station. This station is not very large, but it does not need to be. There is a lot in this station including cookies, pastries, and freshly made ice cream. Many items are also prepared without sugar. This station is the work of World Pastry Champion Chef Jean-Philippe Maury. I had a chocolate chip cookie which was very rich. I could not finish it. I also had a scoop of their freshly made Butterfingers Ice Cream. It was very creamy and had a wonderful taste.. . All-in-all this was a pleasant dining experience, but I would not put it at the top of the Buffets in Las Vegas, even though I did enjoy it.
After having experienced the Carnival World Buffet disaster the night before, we were a tad bit leary of buffets.......BUT, we had these complimentary passes to any MGM resort buffet, the Aria being one of them, so we could not pass up a "freebie."  Four of us ate an $80 meal for free.  That's good enough for me.. . I was a bit leary also because I had read others' reviews, and I wasn't so sure it was going to be anything decent.  The Rio's World buffet was decent enough (for what I wanted), but there was just so much other BS that it was pretty unenjoyable for us.  Here, at the Aria buffet, we were pleasantly surprised.  I pretty much got cold foods like various kinds of ceviche, sushi, Thai salads, cold, poached whitefish, salmon spread.  The ceviches, in particular, were quite tasty, if not spicy, but I really enjoyed them all.  I didn't participate in their halved, ready to eat crab legs.  I had enough the night before.  I also couldn't muster up the desire to eat hot foods, then ultimately stuffing myself......so I didn't.  Plus, I had to save room for Jean Phillipe's pastries.....oh, hell YAH !!!  That was a MUST.  Unfortunately, for me, a pastry snob and baker in my own right, they were good, but they were NOT amazing.  Sorry, but they weren't.  I tasted the banana caramel cake, and it was just banana cake.  Couldn't taste caramel.  The apple rum raisin pie was overpowered by the rum flavored raisins......wasn't a fan.  The bread pudding was my favorite, that, I definitely liked.  I also tasted their strawberry gelato.......quite delicious and packing a strong strawberry punch.  The chocolate brownie was laced with too many walnuts......a turn-off for me.  The pecan bar was decent, but the cappuccino dollop didn't work with it.  Here's the other thing.......downstairs from the buffet is an actual shop of Jean Phillipe's pastries, and THOSE will dazzle your eyes.  THOSE were amazing to look at, and while I didn't get to try any (too full !!!), I would like to think they were better than was presented upstairs at the buffet.  I'd like to know why ALL of those items were not offered at the buffet.  That was a bit disappointing to me.  That being said, all too many times we have all discovered the oh so great looking food item LOOKS better than it tastes, so while I know to beware of the "looks can be deceiving" reality, I just don't know with the store displays...........those pastries are so impressive.. . I would go back to this buffet again......maybe when I'm in a mood to try hot foods, perhaps more room in my stomach.  However, I would probably hold out for the Jean Phillipe Patisserie downstairs......gotta try some of those next time !!!!!  I think this place is 3.5 worthy, but all I can only select 3 on the scale.
Came here on a weekday morning. No wait at all, seated right away. Efficient waitress/ Buffet has a wide assortment of items, and tastes really fresh. Coffee is pretty good too, surprisingly. However, maybe it's because I came for the morning buffet, but the Wynn does it better...
We went for brunch on Saturday because we had vouchers as part of our hotel package at Vdara.  The vouchers afforded us $20 each for a buffet at any MGM resort.  Honestly?  If I had paid full price for this buffet, I'd have been pissed.  The $25 extra we paid was really not even worth it.. . Hot breakfast items were lukewarm at best and the dishes honestly just weren't that great.  The husband did enjoy the sushi portion of the buffet and I enjoyed the made to order omelet station.  Other than that, though...not a fan.
We got a complimentary buffet pass so we decided to use it here since it was right next to Vdara. Let's just say I wasnt impressed with their selection at all. They seem to offer a nice greasy variety for breakfast and for lunch it was random. We must have walked several rounds around the buffet trying to figure out what we should eat not because we were overwhelmed with the selection but because I couldn't figure what to eat with some of the selections they offered. Their mixed salads were extremely soggy and flavorless so there goes my excuse for attempting to eat healthy. I think I would give their dinner buffet a try next time but skipping out on their brunch since the selection was not too impressive during our experience.
Came here during the Christmas week, so there was a premium price on the buffet during lunchtime, about $30-something per person. The regular line up to get in was PACKED, so if it wasn't for the line pass we had, it would've been bye bye to the buffet.. . Been here before last year and it seems the quality has gone down. The food was okay, but there really wasn't anything to write home about. They have your standard stuff that can be found in other buffets like shrimps, prime rib, roasted chicken, etc etc. They also have the king crab legs which seem to be the main attraction as I saw many people just having piles and piles of them on their plates. I didn't try the king crab legs as I'm not fond of them in general. I found many of the food to be kinda dry and so I have to put a lot of sauce on them to taste better.. . The best part I found was the dessert. They have different kinds of dessert from creme brulee to creampuffs to different flavors of ice cream, as well as brownies, banana fosters, and cookies. I tried the creme brulee and cookies and they're pretty good. Better than the main stuff honestly.. . Pop and juice are included in the price, so try to take advantage of that.. . Not worth the $30-something for lunch, but ok for the regular $20-something.
This place has A LOT of selection. They do the whole different types of cuisine thing with Asian to Mediterranean. They have this "gourmet dinner" on Fri-Sun where you get unlimited white or red wine and a whole lobster for two. But it's like $40 a person.  . . Nothing really amazed me at this buffet. The best part for me was the gelato bar. Butterfinger gelato was the best of the whole buffet. The made to order pasta bar was pretty good too.
This buffet does not belong in a 5 star hotel.  It was overpriced for the quality, when compared to Bellagio's or Wynn's buffet.  We only ate here because of $100 credit that came with hotel room
We came on a Monday so there was probably less food than usual. It was all just okay.  . . Alaskan King crab can be steamed upon request! This is what we came for and even though it wasn't that great, we were happy that we didn't have to eat cold crab legs! This was a really nice service and they happily satisfied your request, each and every time!
Just tried this place recently for brunch on a Sunday. The price was about $33, which was more than I had expected. The place was okay. Nothing too special. I tried the brunch buffet at Wicked Spoon for $22 which I thought was a better deal. None of the food choices really stood out to me. They had a good amount of dessertsbut my favorite was probably the Butterfinger gelato. . . Other than the food, the place was nice and clean. This buffet isn't that crowded. When I went there was no line. Though everything was just average, the service was pretty good.
Friend and I went there for Brunch/breakfast buffet on a tuesday. It was fairly cheap I tink 15 bucks and it ended up being 6 dollars more per person for unlimited mimosas and bloody marys or just straight champagne. So your looking at a 21 buck buffet. The food was decent nothing blew me away but there is something for everyone. But its just ok.. I wouldnt say omg you have to go to this buffett. This was actually voted one of the top 5 buffet in vegas and I def dont think so. Ive been to the Monte Carlo buffet and I think the quality of food there was better and it was cheaper. The waiter was very slow with clearing tables and refilling drinks. Granted we are drinking straight champagne at 10am but still do your job. . . . The hotel Aria itself is very modern and quite stunning. Would I return to this buffet again ... prob not when there are others with better food quality.
Ok, the buffet was a lil pricey for brunch and bottomless mimosas = $38. So for that amount of money I expected champagne to be flowing like crazy but NO, they said they ran out of champagne...WHAT?? We asked for a refill and they said yes at first and avoided our table. Ok we were kind of loud and obnoxious but who isn't in Vegas? Then a lady came and told us they ran out after about 20 min. All we wanted was one more refill...so lame. . . The food was delicious though despite the crappy service. They had a huge variety of meats like prime rib, pork, ham, sirloin steak. They also had sushi, chinese, and a great breakfast. The mash potatoes with country gravy was to die for. The dessert was bomb, they had regular/sugar free gelato and a million different cakes. The food overall was really yummy, not so sure about the service.
Very clean place. Selection was limited but what they did have was prepared very well. Breakfast was good with the menu improving for dinner. Overall no complaints.
OK writing a review of a buffet in Vegas, your kidding me... OK this one is easy.  Food was a 4.  Crab Legs were enjoyed, prime rib was very tasty and just about every other item was very very good.  Price 2 stars, come on aria is upscale hotel, but 32 for buffet is a little crazy.  HOWEVER, we had a group of 11, charging people who have more than 8 people an 18% gratuity when all you do is slam 3 tables together and the same person who would have brought us our drinks ANYWAY does nothing more is a sin.... 1 star seriously, not enough to get hosed in the casino but to get the shaft upstairs as well was not cool.  But obviously you don't care.  So advice to all, don't tell them you are in a big group, just force the hostess to put u near each other, besides your gonna be grazing anyway, not talking.
Went for breakfast. Cheaper than eating in the cafe. Everything gluten free is labeled as such, amazing! Gluten free choices are basic though- eggs, bacon/sausage, potatoes and fruit. Food was just ok.
It is what it is, which is a buffet with a plethora of foods including asian, italian, greek, spanish, etc. I will admit though, I had more (cold) crab legs than I could have eaten in a years time simply because I could! It was a good option for us during lunch, seeing as it had so many options, which is why we came back 3 days in a row.. . The sushi was mediocre at best, the only choices being spicy tuna, california and one day some salmon nigiri popped up. I felt like the rice was overbearing for the most part. The Ham was juicy (and I don't eat ham often), as were the other carving board meats. I did find many of the dishes to be extremely under seasoned, which is to be expected I suppose.. . What we loved the most were the decadent desserts and the $6 unlimited champagne option at lunch! Nothing starts your day in Vegas better than some delicious mimosas! For not being a sweets person, I would have eaten each and every one of them have I had more room! Not only did they taste like heaven, they all looked picture perfect straight out of a magazine. I loved the creme brule, carrot cake and coffee gelato personally.. . My boyfriend had experienced the same buffet the year the Aria opened (3-4 years ago) and said it was exponentially better, so they are still growing and adaptable to their clients. . . The price was right for the quality and options ($40-$50 for two). I suggest getting there 10 minutes before they switch over to lunch, you'll save yourself $10 and reap the benefits of a pseudo-brunch style meal!
When should you go eat at the Aria buffet? When you happen to be in Aria and you're hungry and don't feel like going anywhere else to eat. That's when.. . It's an okay buffet. Not great. Definitely not as good as other buffets, and yet still the same price as other big popular buffets. The food selection is very limited. There are some basics like pasta, salad, meats, and dessert. But then there are some random and boring food stations like cheese and crackers and plain fruit. The sushi is not exciting at all and the dessert was just decent. You end up eating more just to get full, not because you really like the food.. . The one good thing about this buffet is that it is not very full of people... which has multiple meanings. One is that the food is not that great. And two is that it's because Aria is kinda out of the way from the Strip and harder to get to. Good for families or people who want to stay out of the busier places on the Strip.
For a fancy new hotel and the fact that this was where we stayed, this buffet was only adequate. The selection was ok. But there was nothing on the line that had me drooling enough to make me want  for seconds until I out myself into a food coma. . . We only came here for breakfast, which was reasonable at $16.95 per person, however, our one tardy morning, we were able to get both breakfast and lunch items for that price. Nothing really seemed to change food wise with the exception of breakfast items taken down and replaced with crab legs and sushi. The other foods mainly stayed the same but instead were portioned into fancier presentation. . . I have to admit the waiter service was good. They had a good handle on making sure our drinks were filled and our plates were promptly cleared away. . . It filled the void, but did not blow me away. Would we eat there again, I'm sure we would, but it would not be a buffet I would seek out if we weren't staying in the hotel..
Dinner buffet: $20.99 per person. . Crab legs: dip in hot butter and enter the gates of heaven!. Beef brisket: heavily marbled and just delectable. Sauteed green beans and veggies: well executed. great way to clean your palate. Baked fish: YUCK!!! What the heck! *spit spit* Someone needs to be fired!
The Buffet at Aria includes half a lobster and red/white wine with dinner. The buffet is very contemporary but it gets three stars because none of the food was really memorable.  I had the tandoori chicken in the Indian food section and it was dry.  The prime rib was ok, but not very flavorful.. . Why not give everyone a whole lobster or increase the types of offerings here?  The buffet isnt worth the 38 price tag.  Maybe for 25 I'd come back.
My group of three came here for the weekend brunch.  It wasn't super crowded when we got there which kind of worried me.  But since the dining room looked remarkably pretty for a buffet, I decided to hold off judgement until after I taste the food.. . First thing I noticed...crab legs.  Pre-cut crab legs!  Less fuss, more yummy!  Points for that for sure!  I initially lined up for an omelette but the line got super long.  So I bypassed it and went with a meat theme. I tried the prime rib, bbq brisket, turkey, and roast pork, all fresh cut for me on demand.  In general, the meat was the star of this brunch today...something I did not expect for a weekend brunch meal.  I did eventually get the omelette later in the meal and it was worth the wait.. . I liked how most or all of the buffet items were prepared gluten-free which is a very proud thing to boast.  However, in my attempt to avoid tummy filling carbs, I looked past the different unique flavored cream cheeses and bagels, pancakes, waffles, and wrapped fruit blintzes.  Even the eggs benedict looked tempting as well.. . One thing that baffled me were the Asian hot dishes...like noodles and stir fried beef.  I wasn't sure how they fit in with the brunch theme...I didn't see sushi/sashimi which I would had gladly tried.  The price point of $35 in comparison to the regular weekday breakfast/lunch is quite steep.  My companions did try the bottomless bloody marys and were very satisfied with it but they weren't "wowed" by it.. . All in all, 3.5 STARS for a pretty room with decent, but not great food selections near the Aria pool.
***Saturday Brunch review***. ...This restaurant is for the health conscious crowd.... . OK, it is a beautiful buffet restaurant.  Honestly, it is one of the most beautiful buffet we've every been to.  However, the food selection is not worth the price.  Maybe it is because I'm not a very health conscious person...I don't know, we were not satisfied.. . * Ambiance = beautiful...new...very resort like...  The layout of the buffet is not customer friendly.  It's just a line of food from one end to another...if your favorite food is on the other side of the line, you gotta work for it.  . . *  Food = VERY healthy....gluten free options available...  Mymain thing is crabs so I was happy to see the snow crabs.  The problem is...it is cold/frozen, and they have such small portions displayed that people line up in line...it's kinda uncomfortable.  The dessert was pretty good.  Not as good as Paris buffet desserts but I liked them.  . . * Service = Good.  Pretty attentive.  . . * Price = Expensive.  We paid $35/person.  . . If you want to gorge on crabs...don't come here...you will definitely be uncomfortable.
Fair buffet. Good variety, descent food, descent price. Service was a little slow and it was not that busy. There is no shortage of buffets in vegas...not sure if I would do this one again.
I ate here for dinner the other night with three other dining companions.. . The buffet itself has lots of different foods as many of the Vegas buffets do.  I think that the standouts of it for me were the beef brisket and the already cracked crab legs although I wish the latter wouldhave been served warm and not cold.  What I was disappointed in was that there was no traditional salad bar.  In its place was an area with many different pre-made salads.  The desserts were good as well although one of my companions had a hair in his butterfinger gelato.. . The bottom line for me is that I would probably not come back here in the future.  The food was solid but I believe that I can do much better for the price we paid on the strip.
I will start off by saying... $84 for two Sunday brunch buffets and bottomless mimosas... holy shit!  We were told about the brunch by a good friend so we thought that we'd wait until Sunday before we left to indulge. We had checked out brunch pricing on Friday but didn't realize that there was such a significant price difference between Fridays brunch and Sunday's.  I am willing to pay a good amount for bottomless mimosas, but the bottomless mimosas were only $6 each.  Two brunch buffets $72?  Wow, shame on me for paying that.  What I will say is that we made sure to get our monies worth of that buffet and those mimosas!. The buffet was well stocked but nothing too irresistible.  They had a little of everything... an omelet bar (a brunch staple), pancakes, waffles and French toast, all the eggs, bacon and sausage one could ask for.  The buffet had a salad bar, a little Mexican food, a little Chinese food, some sushi, and a touch of Italian.  The dessert bar was adorned with beautiful confections and various types of gelato.  The real star of the show were the crab legs.  Mounded high like fresh picked corn at a farmer's market, the crab was plentiful.  Served with drawn butter and lemon wedges, it was chilled and delicious.  The only thing lacking... a little crab fork.. Our plates were cleared quickly and our server was friendly and generous with the mimosa refills.  We ate our weight in crab legs and drank as many mimosas as we could put away.  A solid 3 1/2 stars is what I'd give the buffet.  I may be back some day!
Service- I had a water and an apple juice and they were never empty even though I kept gulping them down between bites. Our server was a very nice, quiet lady. Whenever my boyfriend and I got up to get another plate, our old ones were always gone by the time we got back to the table.. . Food- Not as big of a selection as the Bellagio or the Wynn. Very poor Asian foods... I tried the tilapia, chow mein, and fried rice and all were not good. Panda Express is better tasting in my opinion. We enjoyed their crab legs- they were better than the ones at the Wynn. They actually had a substantial amount of crab meat in them whereas the Wynn's barely had any. They also had very good sliced turkey and roast chicken. The roast chicken was so tender and succulent- it was amazing with their gravy and some cranberry sauce. My boyfriend said the prime rib was pretty good too. However, all the other food was just subpar. The pizza wasn't good and the only pasta I saw was like an alfredo penne and a spaghetti? Nothing to brag about. Also they didn't have any cocktail shrimp when we went and I was sad. Their desserts were very good. My faves were the mini apple pie with melted caramel and their ice cream that they scoop for you... The Strawberry and Orange flavors were awesome.. . Value- For a buffet, it wasn't bad. However, I just think it's overpriced for the quality and small selection that you end up getting. We paid $30 each for Aria's dinner buffet... We were just recently at the Wynn a month ago and paid $36 each for their dinner buffet. The difference is that the food you can try at the Wynn buffet is gourmet and chef-inspired. Almost every selection is something that you could order as one meal at a fancy restaurant. (Veal, salmon, crab, etc.) Also there is no possible way to try everything you want at theWynn Buffet because there are so many options. It's pretty easy to sample everything from Aria's. I just feel that I would much rather pay an extra $6 for that elevated experience and quality.. . Atmosphere- It feels somewhat like a cafeteria line. Also I felt the lighting was a bit awkward. However it was very clean and what else do you really need other than a table, chairs, and food when you're having dinner anyway?
Any buffet that calls itself "The Buffet" is either very comfortable with what it is (a buffet) or is trying to sound like "THE buffet" (kind of like the pretentious alums of THE Ohio State). In the case of "The Buffet" at Aria, it is the more humble laidback version. The light, bright, and open atmosphere of the buffet and simple, yet delicious dishes means The Buffet is a good choice when at the hotel, casino, or City Center. This isn't really a buffet to go out of your way for in Vegas, but is a nice option if you're already there.. . It's only $21 for lunch. If you want all-you-can-drink wine, then try the $37 dinner. The good stuff (aka Gourmet with Lobster) is only served Friday and Saturday dinner. If you are used to Las Vegas buffets, then the pile of crab legs, small selection of sushi, meats, pastas, and salads will seem very familiar. Nothing really stood out or sucked. I liked the pasta with alfredo sauce for some reason and a simple salad. Maybe it was because we were towards the end of our stay. Of course, desserts are a highlight of any Vegas buffet and the same is true at Aria with little cakes, pastries, and ice cream.
***For the lunch buffet only***. . With good reason, I'm not usually much of a fan of Vegas buffets.  However, it was lunchtime, the gf and I were hungry, we had a $100 resort credit to use, and the ARIA is an upscale casino-resort.  So we figured the Buffet at ARIA would be a safe bet.  Unlike most other casinos, the Buffet at ARIA is not located just off or even near the casino floor.  Instead, it's on the second floor/Promenade level with several of the casino's fine dining restaurants.  The dining room is smaller than other buffets, yet open, well-lit by natural light coming in from floor to ceiling windows, airy, but with a weird, almost IKEA design aesthetic.  I could be very wrong about that last comment, but it was what came to mind when I entered the restaurant.  . . The Buffet at ARIA offered culinary representation from many of the more popular international cuisines. The buffet's major draw seemed to be the Snow Crab legs as evidenced by the crowd of diners that were picking over the crab leg offerings like vultures over a rotting carcass.  Sadly, the crab legs were spindly, with little meat, and mealy for what little meat was present.  The selection of sushi rolls also failed to inspire much faith in the kitchen as the rice lacked moisture and the fillings were largely flavorless, relying on wasabi and soy sauce to provide the entire flavor profile.  Despite these and several other misses, all was not lost on the buffet.  The Indian chicken curry was actually one of the best tasting chicken curries that I've ever had.  It seemed to possess with all of the hoped for Indian spice and didn't taste "dumbed down" for Western palates.  The Chili Verde was a successful offering as the chunks of pork were nicely tender and bathing in a flavorful roasted green chili and tomatillo stew.  The lunch buffet with tax for two was $53.  Unfortunately, the food wasn't quite up to the price tag.  Fortunately, even though the food was largely lackluster, service was spot on.  Our water glasses were filled with frequency and dirty plates never lingered on our table for more than a minute or two.  . . In the end, I only give the Buffet at ARIA 2 stars for food and value received, but added 1 star for the solid service.  Next time, I'll just stick to the Bellagio buffet or skip buffets altogether.
The best thing here was probably the crab legs, they had king crab and snow crab. All the other food is pretty much lower than mediocre. The desert was pretty good. Not a big fan of this place though.
For $32 a person, this place was a little over-rated. . . Everyone seemed to go for the crab legs but they had so little meat in them, you'd need to grab a dozen just to have a decent sized portion. The sushi was awful (they only had 3 selections of rolls and the only difference being the spice on top), the "fresh" bread was dried out and stale, and they didn't seem to restock on anything until it was all gone (meaning that it took them a while to bring out more). The pesto pasta was good, but it was the only pasta available besides some kind of Chinese noodle pasta. The pizza was also good but unless you get a slice right as they brought it out, it would get cold really fast (the heating plates didn't seem to work very well).. . Its like they randomly selected a bunch of different food and hoped it was diverse enough to attract more people. . . I had 4 glasses of soda but it only equaled to about 2 glasses because they stuffed so much ice in it.. . If you're going to spend a lot on a meal, its probably better to go to a nice restaurant instead of taking a chance on a buffet.
Vegas buffets tend to be all pretty similar.  Mass produced, widely varied, heat lamped foods that satiate your every food craving but rarely leaves you thinking you had a fine dining experience.  Back in the day, when buffets were $9.95, all of that was fine.  But now, a family of 4 will easily leave a buffet out more than a C-note even if you don't order a beer or glass of wine with your meal. . . Aria is on the expensive side even by Vegas standards.   Better selection than most.  Appreciated the Indian food options and healthy portions of pre-cut crab legs that I didn't see at other buffets.  Their sushiwas also pretty good but a bit annoying that there was far more sushi rice than fish.. . All in all, I'd give the Aria 4 stars as far as buffets go so far as the food is concerned.  However, I feel compelled to ding them a star for their lack of a child rate.  They wanted the same $24.95 (+tax and tip) for my 7-year old daughter's lunch who had all of 1/2 a slice of pizza and a cheerio as they wanted for my wife and I .   I didn't figure that out til after we'd paid for our meal.  Beware future family travelers to Vegas.
I want to give this place a 3.5, but the extremely high price of this buffet made me round it down to a 3. There was like 5 people in line when I got there at 7pm which was very weird. I went on a saturday and the dinner cost like $46 after tax and tip. . . The layout and design of the restaurant give it a high class vibe. The general food and quality was very similar to Bellagio with more of a focus on Indian food. They have fresh made naan which was quite delicious.. . Theres the standard crab legs and shrimp, but for some reason the weekend I went it had unpeeled shrimp and the crab legs were smaller then I remembered seeing before. They also gave half a lobster to each guest after you sat down, but you were not allowed to have refills on the lobster. Lobster was very delicious.. . I mainly enjoyed the carved meats. They had a lot of options such as brisket, prime rib, pork ribs, beef ribs, skirt steak, mahi mahi, etc. I of which we very good. The chinese food and sushi was okay, but not real memorable. I didnt try the pastas, they had a pasta station, but didnt use it.. . The desert area is sorta hit or miss. I didnt like it, but I know others who have liked it. Its more of a crap shoot on whether or not the stuff they had was the stuff you liked. I love cheesecake and creme brulee, but they didnt really have anything like that. The cheesecake they had was not something I would consider to be a cheesecake.. . I would go back again, but I think I would rather go to Bellagio buffet.
Passed by Vegas to eat my heart out after a long backpacking trip and was actually a bit disappointed. There was no line over a labor day weekend..maybe that was a bad sign?. . . The crab legs were frozen. And I guess that's to be expected, but at least they should not make it super obvious by thawing them out completely. I bit into my crab meat and I had some ice bits I had to chew up. Ugh. They had an assortment of world cuisine. At the Chinese food section, they had Chinese people working there, Indian section, Indian people working there. I guess it's there to promote that their food is legit? Here are some items that stood out to me:. . tamales: a bit on the dry side. desserts: not as much variety as I would have wanted, nothing spectacular.. eggs benedict: egg was not runny. fried rice: really good. cold cuts: high quality and fresh. soup: clam chowder and chicken noodle were excellent. prime rib: good for those who like medium and well done. . Overall, I don't think I would come here again. I've tried it once next time its time to move on and try other buffets.
Buffet on Thursday for brunch from 11-4 is about $25 each. Definitely recommend calling for prices because it's not listed on their site. We got there with the end of lunch food still out. The brisket with BBQ sauce was very good. If you get there at 3:30 ish... Not much to choose from for food. Crab legs were not so big. Sushi was all dried out. When 4pm comes around the new food comes out. The shrimp cocktail is now in 2 piece shooters. Still good. The salad shooters are good to try. The prime rib was good. Everything else was okay. The desserts were awesome. Recommend the butterfinger ice cream. The strawberry shortcake was tart but tasty. The tiramisu was great. Snicker cake was yummy. Overall not bad but like all buffets, a little pricey.
Casino buffets along the Las Vegas strip set the bar as only Sin City can with a plethora of items for the palate. The Buffet at the Aria delivers on this element with random abandon, but the total tragedy of taste and inconsistency that is delivered with some items prepared almost perfectly and some contemptuously under-prepared is truly heart breaking for any buffet loving foodie.. . The buffet area and dining areas are kept impeccably clean, the staff were friendly, and swept in when necessary without becoming a nuisance. The dining area hosts numerous seating arrangements with different views and a fantastic modern design. It's very unfortunate that the price to value is underwhelming against them with respect to the amount of preparation variance in the buffet items.
Clean, modern look and decor. . Food: Good variety which consists of japanese, italian, indian, and normal buffet fixings of barbeque, salad and veggies. Highlights are: vanilla gelato - SO GOOD! I had to go back for seconds. Grab some of the cookies (which were soft and yummy) strategically placed at the end of the table and you have a delicious combo of cookies + gelato :)! . . I went for lunch with a few friends and liked the variety that the buffet offers. The crab legs were decent and the prime rib was juicy but lacked flavor. I also really liked the pesto pizza. There wasn't a wait when I came. I'd recommend it if you are in the area but don't go out of your way to come here.
If you head to the Buffet at ARIA, bring your stomach for sure. . . The line is always pretty long unless you have a pass from the hotel (basically I wouldn't consider it worth standing in the regular line, with how long it generally looks...), and it's really not very cheap. The service is pretty nice, though. The waiters and waitresses are pretty attentive with refilling drinks, which is nice. Drinks like soda are included in the price, and the price of alcohol isn't too bad. . . Walking into the buffet, the first thing that's noticeable is the decor - it's a stunning room, with a gorgeous view of the pool. Plenty of natural light comes in during the day, and you can still see outside at night. It's a really lovely view, especially if you're seated by the window. . . The food isn't bad, but it's "quantity over quality" for sure. Most things are good, with a few exceptions that are great. Very few of the options I've tried have every really been bad, necessarily, just not amazing. Unfortunately very little of the lunch/dinner foods are really exceptional. One of the great features is the variety. The buffet sets up different stations, including Asian, Mediterranean, Indian, Italian, seafood, and traditional American fare. There are areas with cheeses and olives and meats, and you can find sushi and crab legs and all sorts of other things. Basically if you try one food and don't like it, there's bound to be something else you'll enjoy. It's a great chance to try some new things, and it makes for a fun meal if you've got adventurous tastes. . . On one of our trips we were there for Christmas, and the buffet had a special where they offered a lobster with the meal for a small added fee. That was definitely a mistake - it was very dry and chewy, and not even worth the small amount extra. . . Where the buffet shines is in the fact that the desserts are absolutely fantastic. My one regret every time I've gone is that it would be ridiculous to try everything, so my friend and I got in the habit of getting different ones and sharing so that we could try as much as possible. They're beautifully presented, with decorated plates, cute dishes, and stunning designs, and they always taste absolutely wonderful. They also have gelato options. The sweets are definitely on par with the other bakeries and dessert shops in the building.
It wasn't that bad I came here expecting the worst because of all the yelp reviews. But it was ok. The crab legs were salty. I guess they did it on purpose so you could drink a lot of water and get full quick. But since we got the room credit from Vdara so the buffet was free. Overall, it was a pleasant experience.
I came to eat here with my man friend on New Year's Eve night, but I am not to sure what they serve normally. The buffet had PRIMIE RIB, LOBSTER TAIL, and other amazing dishes. If you rarely go on food adventures you can definitely try it here. Mexican, Chinese, Mediterranean food they have it all. The dessert was defintely more artistic than anything. Not sure if I would come back again, because I do not really eat buffet's that often, but check it out! :D ENJOY!
Since I was staying in the hotel we had a $25 credit to use anywhere in the hotel. Why not spend it on an expensive dinner. I came in a group of about 8 people. They ended up splitting us up almost across the buffet since we didn't want to pay an extra 18%. I can see maybe like the next table over or even across the section but whatever, they had their rules. . . I must say that the spread was one of the biggest I've seen. They literally had food from all over the world! French, Mediterranean, Italian, Chinese, Mexican... They had a salad area with different types of leaves and tons of toppings. A seafood bar with crab legs, ceviche, and oysters. But the best part of any buffet, the desserts! And boy was it pretty! They had this ice cream wheel, yes I know let me explain! Think wheel of fortune but with flavors. Pick your flavor and the lady scooping will spin the wheel until it comes to your ice cream. They also had mini cupcakes, whoppie pies, cake pops, and the regular stuff like cakes and cookies. . . I wouldnt say that the food was out of this world. Frankly a lot of it just tasted like mass produced buffet food would. But the variety, cleanliness, and pleasant drink staff makes me want to come back. . . Two adult dinners came out to be about $85. If you want to add bottomless beer its and extra $12.
It could be better - It could be worse.. . I went to see  the newly renovated buffet at the Aria last week. They did a good job with the remodel. The place is more friendly but also more upscale. The food is easier to access.. . The menu is not dramatically different from before but there are some new additions. It appeared to me that they were doing their best to copy the buffet at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. . . There was a nice wide selection. The problem? 50% of the things I selected were either downright cold or lukewarm - maybe tepid. The other 50% ranged from warm to almost hot.. . It appears it's not possible (at least at the Aria) to serve hot food on a buffet. . . The prices are in line with other upscale buffets in the area. The food while cold, did have very nice flavors. The chef knows what he/she is doing. There were some very nuanced dishes - very sophisticated for a buffet. . . I will give it another try but if they can't sort out the cold food problem by the next time I visit, my wallet and I will be moving on to one of the other 100 buffets in Vegas.
A great selection with some hits and misses. If the food was only hot like it should be this place would be a solid 4 stars. The number one problem is most everything is cold or Luke warm. The pork dumplings, shrimp and crab legs are pretty good. For the price I think there are better choices. The server was on the ball and really took good care of us.
Okay I have decided to write a review on a buffet that is so-so.  Not sure if I am being fair with this as I generally do not enjoy buffets...any place that I have have to wait in line or watch people mull around with plates of food in their hands while they "sample and eat" at various food stations does not appeal to me.. . Needless to say The Buffet at Aria has vastly improved from its original days.  Clean, open dining area seen from the hallway makes it feel spacious.  The individual food stations were small while the portions were also small...nice!  Better than a huge stainless steel tray and a spoon where you scoop up your portion size. I think this is better so that you will eat smaller portions and more variety.. . It was nice to see a seafood station that is part of their regular menu...nit some special Only on Friday or the weekend.. . If you like buffets and are with friends or family, I would suggest giving this one a shot however if you're looking to be impressed there are others that are far better than Aria....
Definitely one of the better buffets in town (3.5 would be most accurate for the food; 3.0 for ambiance). Most dishes are well prepared and of good quality with flavors well balanced and the selection is a bit differentiated from standard buffet fare (e.g. garlic and herb naan and pepperoni pizza bagels). We were there for the brunch buffet and my husband says the cured and carved meat selections were quite tasty and the food stations are done in a visually appealing manner.. . The room is spacious and open with plenty of filtered light and view of the pool area and trees; it's part of the Aria's "promenade venues" and continues the theme of plentiful filtered light, modern decor and open space. Thing is though, the buffet room gets a bit too loud (compared to other buffets, such as the Wynn) which takes away a bit from the upscale ambiance the place is supposed to have.. . Hint for Vdara guests: don't take the tram and try to get there via the Crystals & Aria's main entrance. There's no need to trek through the smokey Aria casino, you can just walk out the Vdara lobby, across Harmon on the walk way over the street and into the Aria lobby. Head right on the second floor; from there and it's just a couple of yards.
We came here for breakfast, we got free vouchers to come here since we were staying at the Aria. The buffet is small compared to the others we've been to in Vegas. It was a Saturday morning and so it was pretty packed. Pretty good breakfast options, but not as worldly as I suspected it to be. . . Long lines to get your omelette made your way, I'm not even sure how long I waited for mine but I was over it by the time I got my omelette. The guy making it was very nice though and spoke many different languages, very cool!
If you are looking for the high class experience of the Ritz buffet in Grand Cayman this is NOT it. However, it was a lot better than I expected with a huge variety of cuisines that would surely fulfill any desire. (at least on the weekend). . One strange fact I noticed was seeing breakfast items a bit scattered without reason. Why were there waffles and syrup next to the clam dish. Or the same comment for the pancakes near the carving station. I do not think it changed the quality of the food but it did leave me with odd feeling looking around trying to make sense of the offerings.
This buffet used to be way better. It had its own identity, with good food. . . Now it is a sad imitation of the Bachcanal buffet at Ceasars. They have a few different meats at the carving station. They are serving things in their own little cooking containers. Just like the Bacchanal. They even use the same tyoe of music. Yet the food quality and service isn't as good as the Bacchanal.. . My wife had a bagel that was hard. Our waitress went on break so our table stopped being served. When I went to get ice cream the server gave it to me. Then remembered he was supposed to be wearing rubber gloves. It didn't replace my ice cream that he used his fingers to help serve, he just went on to the next person. . . The price is not impressive either. We paid $32 each today for brunch. Yesterday we paid the same at the Bacchanal for lunch. . . My recommendation,  if you don't feel like walking or waiting this buffet is fine. If you don't mind waiting or walking then go to Ceasars.
Compare a d'autres hotels, le prix est plutot dans la fourchette haute, et surtout il n'y a pas de tarif special pour les enfants.... Le choix est assez varie, meme si on peut deplorer l'absence de sushi dignes de ce nom. Le traiteur italien est aussi decevant.. En revanche les pattes de Snow Crab sont delicieuses, et la viande est plutot bonnes aussi.. Enfin les desserts sont probablement ce qu'il y a de mieux, aussi bien d'un point de vue gustatif que visuel.
Since this is new to me, I decide to try it for dinner.  I got here around 6 PM on Saturday night and there was a short line.  The price is similar to some others at $40 per person.  The dining area is huge but the food stations are not as big as I expected for a buffet place.. . The Food - there are some hits and misses here.  . . Hit - Prime Rib, King Crab legs, salmon shooter, manhattan soup, and civeche.. . Miss- the whole Asian station.  I pretty much tried everything and not like a single one.. . So, I have tried various buffets and this rank right above MGM.  By far, Bellagio is the best for me follows by Wynn.
came here with my parents. my dad loves oysters and the king crab and kept raving about it.. . they have a decent selection of food. your typical meats, veggies, and ethnic dishes. i saw that they had prepared a bowl or rice with a piece of kimchi and galbi. haha i thought it was funny since koreans typically dont eat it like that. the king crab was ok for a buffet. there were a lot of small prepared dishes you could take instead of a spoon and take as much as you want. i like that better since dirty grubby hands arent all over the spoons. there was even a tandoori oven. i was impressed but didnt feel like eating indian. . . their desserts section was pretty nice. ice cream, gelato, and a less than happy desserts station guy to give me a small scoop of cookies and cream.. . my parents pointed out that a lot of the employees seem to be "hiding" or not really manning their stations. i dont know if its due to the "shelf" or "wall" that pretty much separates you from them. i have to look through holes to see them or get their attention. but i did notice a lot of them on their phones. hey, candy crush is addicting.... . the most impressive part of the buffet i found to be were the sliced cured meats. i forgot the names but one was similar to prosciutto, another was more fatty marbleized, salami, and some kind of bologna. i didnt care for the bologna but i ate a whole mess of the other slices.. . i dont understand why people goto expensive buffets to eat pizza, pasta, and drink a whole mess of soda... at that point seems like you should just goto an $8.99 buffet (which gold coast has an excellent buffet for the price).. . other than the king crab and cured meats, i wouldnt come back here to eat at the price even with my parents senior citizen discount. i also clenched my butt cheeks as i pulled out into las vegas blvd making sure i dont see any range rovers and maseratis. i hate driving down to the strip...
I was at the Aria buffet in its first incarnation and I liked it a lot.  I was surprised when some trashed it so much, so I was glad when MGM Resorts announced they were closing the buffet and re-doing it.  Yesterday I had the chance to try it since the redo.. . It's basically the same place with a few modest changes and perhaps the addition of a few stations.  First the good--the prime rib was cooked nicely with it being a nice red rare.  The vegetable korma in the Tandoori section was quite good.  The chicken tikka masala was OK, but it needed more spice.  The seafood gumbo was quite nice.  I wish I had noticed the basmati rice in the tandoori section first.  I would have put some rice in the bowl and then added the gumbo.  The cheese bar was very nice with some dried fruit with the cheese.  The desserts were outstanding!!. . A few lesser dishes.  The bao sandwich was not good at all.  The lovely steamed roll had dried hard from sitting warming for however long it was there.  The pork in the bun was kind of bland making this a fail choice.  There were some different bread selections but not a wide range to choose from.  The chicken satay was merely OK.  The peanut sauce was way too runny and didn't have a lot of flavor.  When you're paying $36.74 for dinner buffet, the shrimp should be PEELED.  I didn't have any because this is an onerous task for me.. . Now the desserts.  While there was nothing exotic or earth shaking, they had some very nice small desserts.  I'm a sucker for meringue cookies and they hada fruit flavored one.  It was delightful!  I also had two of their mini whoopie cookies--one a snowball (chocolate cake with coconut) and one made from red velvet.  The cream filling was very good.  The gelato selection is good and I had the Oreo gelato.  Nice and creamy.. . This isn't a buffet to which I'd likely return.  For the price, there are better buffets on the Strip with some very good selections.  Also for the price, I think I'd pay a little more and eat at one of Aria's fine selection of restaurants!
We had $100 room credit, so we decided to use it on The Buffet at Aria.  We ate here for dinner on a Tuesday evening around 6:30pm.  We were seated fast & the service was great.  We always had our drinks refilled, and that was awesome.  The selections aren't as wide as other buffets, but this place is about quality or quantity.. . What I tried:. Fish & chips in a small fry basket. Grilled cod w/a lemon cream sauce. Macaroni & cheese. Dim Sum trio in a steam basket. Green Beans. Seafood Gumbo. Naan. Short rib w/rice and kimchee. Ceviche. . There were also TONS of other things (clams, gazpacho, Mexican food, Meat cut to order, Indian, Mediterranean, and more); unfortunately, I stuffed my face with mostly crab, cod and green beans.. . The desserts are also awesome!  They have carrot cake, red velvet whoopie pies, 5 layer chocolate cake, cake pops, cheesecake, pecan cake, strawberry cakes, gelato, macaroons, cookies, and more!. . Also, for $12.99 you can have bottomless mimosa, red & white sangria, and other alcoholic drinks.
The entrance to the The Buffet at Aria sets the tone with clean space and minimal decor. Upon entering, patrons realize it's not just any buffet they are entering, but THE Buffet. Like a moth to the light, I was immediately drawn to the immecable presentation of the restaurant, the use of an unexpected yet friendly hue of orange, and the whole flow and functionality of the buffet line concept. Stations were distinctly set apart to separate genres of food, such as Indian, American, Asian, etc. The newness of the buffet is comforting. Unfortunately, I got the overall impression that the food did not quite compare to the decor and vibe of the restaurant. Not that there was anything faulty with the food, but it simply did not leave a lasting impression as one would expect from The Buffet at Aria. I liked the customer service and friendliness provided at the salad bar, where the server individually prepared my salad order with a kind and genuine smile. In terms of food, I quite enjoyed the raspberry sorbet and the chamomile tea, things I can easily get my hands on outside of an overpriced buffet environment. I can't say that this tarnishes my experience of buffets in Vegas, but it does make me wonder what the hype is all about. I'd rather dish the same amount of money, if not more, at a high-end restaurant where I'm paying for higher quality food and a more personal and enjoyable atmosphere. Just my two cents.
Let me just say now that I did not try a wide variety of dishes.  I had a lot of the King Crab legs with lemon and what was supposed to be 'clarified buttah'.  That was good.  Tried the mussels and clams - did not keep well on the buffet line. These mollusks are best served freshly cooked.  But had a good cut of the prime rib with creamed horseradish and au jus, and a lil bit of mashed potatoes.  That was good.  Also had chicken liver that I ate on a bun, added hard boiled eggs and thinly sliced red onions. For dessert had some gelato, cookie, brownie, butterscotch on a shot glass  - sorry  I am sooo full right now I don't want to get up to check on the name.  Food coma.. . The service was great both on the buffet line and our table. We appreciated the attentiveness. Hope they keep it up.
The offerings at this buffet did not ease the sting of paying $45.99 for dinner. There was a decent selection, however the quality was very mediocre. At one point I thought I was lost and somehow ended up at one of the Station Casino buffets. . Good things: Lots of crab legs- served hot & cold. They also had mussels, clams, and shrimp as well. . The types of food they offered were: Diner- American far, Salad, Seafood, Mediterranean, Italian, Asian,  a carving station and dessert. Honestly not one dish stood out. The prime rib was dry and tough, the beef rib was pretty much pure fat, the asian food was just sad. . I would probably eat here again maybe for lunch when the price isn't as steep. But for dinner I would rather go next door to Wicked Spoon or drive down the street to Bacchanal.
So. Much. Food.  Tasty, but I was a little disappointed in the seafood selections.  The crab legs had very minimal crab meat.  At $36/person I expected better.
Less money but also less quality. We went to the Bacchanal buffet before this and this one did not match up. It is really a case of you get what you pay for! A positive experience overall, but not the best out there.
I write this review as a person that generally hates buffet dining. I find the food at buffets to be generally luke warm and dry from sitting under heat lamps all day, and the hygiene has always made me cautious. But my partner brought me to this buffet saying "trust me, you'll like it".. . Well, the tomato bisque and the BBQ brisket were standout items for me, and I don't think I could have gotten much better at an a la carte restaurant. Most of the food was in general very good, and felt fresh and the right temperature by the time it reached my table. . . For a buffet, the variety and quality was better than I expected, and I would recommend Aria to my friends who enjoy buffet dining.
It's comparable to the Monte Carlo Buffet I would say in offerings and taste.. Price was $39.99 per person. I would have been happier paying $35 per person for the quality received.
I guess this is an upgrade from Old Country Buffet, but to me it wasn't that much better. I heard buffets in Vegas was the BEST so I was super excited to try it out especially since I'm a person that likes "unlimited eatings", but the food was just alright. The atmosphere is absolutely pleasing to looking at, but at the end the food was still just alright. Nothing stands out from service, but then again nothing went wrong either. I guess what I'm just trying to say is that I expected a lot more coming from a restaurant in a 5 star hotel.
What to say?  Mid-priced buffet in a nice environment.  ~$34 per person for a Thursday night buffet.  Tables and buffet area were clean and neat.  Pleasant, refined-feeling atmosphere - which was a real plus.  Layout of buffet is pretty well organized, with a semi-circular layout around another center station.  Waitress was attentive to remove empty plates and even kept our water and ice tea full (There is no drink self-service).  I liked the food.  There was a good variety, and it didn't seem to be a bunch of low-rent/cheap items.  The items were fresh, and the carver station meats were moist.  Good selection of dessert items, which a Vegas buffet is always expected to have.  Really what more can you say about a buffet?  Not a bad choice, appropriate for the price level, and you'll get what you paid for.
Definitely not my favorite or go to buffet but we always get free dining credit everytime we stay at Aria, so can't complain there! the decor and buffet itself is great, it's so bright and clean and really comfortable. however, the food selection is sparse, and the quality of the food is just so-so. i normally love the seafood bar, but i feel like the shellfish they have is just not fresh. their dim sum corner is pretty emo. their presentation is super cute, but even that is not enough to make up for how thick their dumpling skins are. everything else is just mediocre, nothing really stands out to me. oh! but they have a huge selection of gelatos and sorbets which is always a plus in my book! i'd keep coming back as long as i have that dining credit.
Have to have a buffet in Vegas. Came here on Sunday. 1st surprise, weekend brunch is $38/person, pricy. 2nd surprise, long wait in line. The place seemed understaffed. There were planty of empty tables but not enough personnel to seat you. 3rd surprise, food was ok, but not good enough for the cost. The crab legs were half frozen. Not sure if i had crab legs or crab leg ice. In conclusion, will not come back again.
After months of Facebook propaganda from Aria, we finally came here (of course with 2 comp buffets and thanks to the players card, front of the line pass). I was very excited to try the SEAFOOD they were promoting so much...only to be disappointed. There wasn't much there except some baked salmon, clam chowder and a sad looking ceviche. The meat carving station was pretty good but the placement is awful - people that were just trying to get some pancakes and other breakfast items were constantly crossing paths with us. The dim sum/Asian area was not good. Cute concept (that every other buffet is doing these days) but the food was dry and overcooked. The ice cream/gelato spinning freezer was a nice touch and the desserts were overall better than average.. . Come here if you're on a budget because it's one of the cheaper "nice" buffets on the strip. But don't expect quality like Wynn, Bellagio or Caesars.
I came here with very high expectations since it is in fact, Aria. However, overall the experience was disappointing.. . The Good:. - The look of the room is fantastic. Very modern and extremely clean.. - The service, although slow at first, was great once it picked up. Clean plates were taken and drinks were always refilled (sometimes with a little extra umph in there :). - Very spacious, no trouble walking around in between stations.. . The Bad:. - The selection of great food is minimal compared to other buffets. - Only very few items actually  stick out, and out of those, only 1 or 2 are actually good. . There's really not much else to say about this buffet. I honestly wasn't overly impressed compared to other buffets.
Yummy ! Worth the money .  Asian food is a little sad but everything else is delicious !!!
If you go for a weekend brunch (weekday breakfast would be even better), the buffet is really reasonably priced.. . This buffet is interesting because it's organized as an "around-the-world" on the perimeter, with staples in the middle. Classic all-American, Greek, Indian, Chinese,  Italian...it goes on.. . The food quality was decent, but not amazing. The desserts were pretty, but not delicious. But nothing stood out as exemplary. . . The seafood was okay, the carver slightly above average. Slabs of bacon, if that sort of thing appeals to you. . . Personally, I'll stick with the Chinese dim sum mini-steamers and tikka masala.
Slightly above avg for food quality.  They serve raw oysters which is what we were looking for. Overall Presentation is nice but it's no Wicked Spoon which is way better in this regard.  Service was slow even though it wasn't that crowded since we got there near close.  Not the Buffet's fault but Beware of rude fellow customers who can't wait their turns in line /to get food and instead grab the neighboring tongs and crowd you out.  Not cool people.
This place was pretty good.  It actually came at the recommendation of a server we had at Mandalay Bay buffet.Me and a friend of mine went here on a Saturday morning and had the brunch menu.  At first I thought this place was going to have limited selection.....boy was I wrong, once we were out of the line and finally made it in....It was on. As far as the breakfast went, they had everything I can think of just about with the exception of grits( I'm not complaining though). I went to the station where you can have your own omelet made, that was very good. I lovethe selection of breakfast meats, bacon, sausage, ham, etc. The waffles were actually THE BOMB!!!!.  . . I made it a point to try every station they had, which meant I had to pace myself, and not clear my plate :0(   I did enjoy the bay scallops service. The olive tapanade from the Mediterranean station was yummy.  The sushi was flavorful, I had various ones can't remember the specifics.  Steam buns, oh yes, . . I'm not a big dessert person, but I did try them, but as another reviewer stated, I was unimpressed with flavor although the presentation was pretty.. I paid the extra $12 for drinks, and had the mimosas, peach Bellini's, they were aiight.  I was disappointed on the crab legs. I def. was not feeling them. But overall I did enjoy myself, there were a lot of good eats. The service was great, it was clean. I would return again
We received credit for two free buffets with our stay at Aria.  We decided to use the credits for lunch on a day when we were in a rush and needed food quickly.. . I'm not big on buffets, so I don't have a lot go on in terms of comparison....  I didn't find anything particularly outstanding or of which I would have gone up for seconds.   The mac and cheese was bland, the pico de gallo was flavourless, the pizza was ok, tacos were ok as well.. . The dessert bar was fairly impressive however, with really nice squares, mini cupcakes, macaroons and a wide selection of ice creams with great toppings.. . Because it was free, The Buffet was worth it, but I would have been pretty disappointed if I'd paid with my own money after reading all of the self-hype about being the best buffet in Vegas!
Service is horrible. Food is just ok.. Not recommended.
I'm not a huge fan of buffets. But we had two comped meals with our stay at the Vdara, so my girlfriends and I decided to go and make it our meal before we depart Vegas.. . It's not very big like most Vegas buffets. The selection of food was also not a lot as well. I really didn't like how things were set up. It was all kind of bunched up together. Like the center counters, one side would be hot food and the other side would be crab legs. The set up just wasn't all that easy. Presentation was just ok. It kind of mimicked the Wicked Spoon with some of the trays items were put in. And the salad bar! Most people get excited for the crab legs and prime ribs. I get excited about the salad bar. The more toppings the better. But if you put the toppings in a jar, how the heck am I suppose to grab them quickly? It wasn't easy reaching towards the back of the bar.. . The quality of the food wasn't the best either. I don't think I ate that much at this buffet. I didn't find anything that was amazing. And because it's so small the wait was longer for large parties of 5 and up.
Overall, decent food and dessert variety. Much smaller in comparison to the buffet at the Rio. Service was good.
Yup a solid three star. Definitely an above average buffet but nothing about it jumps out and says I AM THE END OF HUNGER FOR YOU'RE ENTIRE STAY IN VEGAS! ALL OTHER BUFFETS KNEEL BEFORE ME! PREPARE YOUR PIE-HOLE FOR PIE!. . The glasses for drinks are laughably small, i think the coffee mugs hold more liquid. Drink service was a bit on the sorry side as well. Here's an idea maybe if we increase the capacity of the glasses our guests would shut up less about refills! Yeah how bout that! Also heard something about the 'bottomless drinks' being limited to three, didnt cash in on that offer so i cant really verify.. . So everything was your average buffet experience. You got Europeans who just love to cut in line or stand in the middle of the damn place or walk and suddenly stop causing you to dodge them or risk bumping them with loaded plates. You got chinese tourists with every square inch of their plate filled with snow crab legs. You got staff looking miserable as they refresh the station that's been refreshed a mere 15 min ago. And the busers who some way some how mange to balance a tray full of your BS while putting up with your BS. Tip these people well.... . Meal highlighs include anything cooked in the tandoor. The tandoori chicken was a bit under-seasoned but the tandoor gave it much more flavor. The nan is semi made to order, if you'd like a fresh one someone at hte station would be able to reheat a premade one and even garlic that SOB up for you. . . The garlic asparagus in the Italian section as well as the garlic green beans by the dinner section were quite enjoyable and cooked perfectly. Lots of freshness and garlic. Side note, i spent a few years eating in military messing facilities which are set up like buffets but considerably crappier and loads more depressing, unless it's an Air Force chow hall. Due to this, when ever is see fresh veggies that arent part of the salad bar i get all giddy and usually grab a hefty portion. . . The dessert section was a bit of a hit or miss for me. The Panna cotta was quite enjoyable where as the red velvet whoopie pies were just bombed out and depleted. The gelato wasnt too bad but there were way too many chunks of ice that added to the texture. . . I would go back if they had some kind of special promotion going on but wouldn't go out of my way to get some. . . Yelp 100 - 044 of 100
I'm usually not a fan of the Vegas buffet but this one is alright. Doesn't stand out or anything but it everything you would expect from a Vegas buffet and is tasty for the most part. . . Seafood. Great selection. Includes king and snow crab legs. I like the ones that are still hot (snow crab). The Mahi Mahi was okay. . Service: not the best. They had one poor lady attending way too many tables. She tried her best but she needed some help for sure. . . Wait: takes way too long to get to the front of the line. Took like 45 minutes.
bad coffee. O.K. food. the best part is the rotating gelato bar . at least it was free becuase we stayed at the vdara and they gave us credit for the buffet
If the Aria buffet was located somewhere on it's own, I would probably rate it higher but with all the buffets located on the strip it comes in just average. The high price and the whole lining up for an hour even though it's empty inside is a bit of downer! I went early, around 4pm and didn't expect to be stuck in a 30 person queue for so long and to my dismay it was less than a third full when I got seated so I'm not sure what the holdup is for ? Make it look busy to passer by's ?. . The food is pretty good though, crab legs were plentiful and there were plenty of hot seafood choices like boiled clams, fish and chips and jambalaya. They had an authentic tandoor oven which they were making fresh naan and tandoori chicken which was great, the chicken well marinated, moist and having the smokey oven scent. The roasts were nicely done and they even had slider burgers which were a nice touch.. . The Chinese selection is a little bit small but decent, the satay chicken skewers were popular and the peanut sauce was nicely done. There were the usual fares of pizza, pastas and cold meats which I didn't indulge in.. . Like most buffets, there was a large selection of desserts but the thing that stands out at the Aria buffet was the large selection of sorbet. Heaps of flavours to choose from stored in a rotating freezer which was pretty cool.. . Service was great and efficient from the waiter but the fact that my waiter moved to a different section halfway through my meal made it hard to justify my tip as the second waiter had less to do by the time he took over with my table.. . Would I come here again when in Vegas? Probably not - I think the new buffet at Caesars has this place well beat and Bellagio and Wynn probably rank higher than this one.
It was ok, not too bad but not great neither. Food was....too boring. :-/
Came here for a Sunday brunch after a long Saturday night. There was a line when we went, but it moved at a steady pace. I want to say we waited around 30 minutes in line with a group of 8. There was quite a selection of food; my friend said he was surprised they served crab legs. The meats from the meat station were ok, kind of bland even with sauces. In general, none of the food really wowed me; even the brunch items like eggs benedict looked uncooked and unappetizing. Saving grace for the Aria buffet? One word: GELATO. The other desserts were ok, but I could have eaten 10 cups of gelato. A coworker told me the gelato they serve at the Aria buffet is the same at Jean Philippe's, I don't know if it's true, but the gelato was the best part of the buffet. I tried pistachio, coffee, some triple berry thing, and one more fruit one I forget now. All good. . . After this last trip to Vegas, I think I have come to realize that I do not like the buffets, and I'd rather go to a sit-down venue and eat/savor my food. Granted, some buffets are good, but oftentimes, I come out feeling like I just stuffed my face for the sake of stuffing my face, and that's never a good feeling. If I was staying at Aria of Vdara and didn't want to go very far for a buffet, I'd say go. But for me, I think I'll be done with Vegas buffets for awhile.
M'eh.  I wouldn't have chosen to eat at this buffet, but my colleague and I were exhausted after a full day at the Aria conference center and this was the only on-site restaurant that wasn't filled to capacity.. . Maybe I just don't like the Vegas buffet experience.  Everyone in the place looked so sad, even as they were piling heaps of food on their plates.  It's kind of a depressing place to be.. . The food was okay and there was a lot of it.  In keeping with Aria's overall theme, the focus is mostly Asian cuisine.  Plenty of sushi, curry, noodles, dumplings and the like.  Lots of seafood options.  There was also a section for southern diner-style food like meatloaf, mashed potatoes and a carving station, but none of that looked very appetizing.  It all appeared to have been sitting out under the heat lamps for a long time.. . My favorite item on the buffet was the fish n' chips presented in an adorable little frier basket.  It was actually really crispy and tasted great.  Also, I enjoyed the desserts and there was a vast selection of sweets.  The bread pudding was unexpectedly exceptional.  There were about a dozen different flavors of gelato to choose from and a large assortment of pastries and tarts.. . I purchased the all-you-can-drink option for... $15?  It sounds like a decent deal, but let's be honest: most people are going to stuff themselves with food and won't really have much room for alcoholic beverages.  Plus the beer list is really bad.  The only beer that I would even consider ordering was Stella.  I had one of the bloody mary cocktails too, and it was just awful.  No flavor except for an astringent, cheap vodka.  Ick.. . Rather than hitting a buffet on the strip, my preference would be to take that $50-60 and catch a cab downtown.  Around Fremont Street you can eat and drink your fill of really delicious food in a much happier atmosphere, continue the revelry all night long, and still spend less money than one trip to the buffet.  That's just a personal preference though.  If you really enjoy buffets, I guess the one at Aria is par for the course.
We had a coupon, otherwise it would have made me crazy to pay $33 for dinner at a buffet.  There were plenty of selections but as in any buffet when food sits around, it's just not cooked to order and some of the selections suffered.. . We didn't have to wait to be seated, the decor was nice, light and open but we won't go back.  If we want buffet, we'll go to the Bellagio.
I went for dinnertime, and it wasnt terrible, but it was nothing to write about. The "big buffets" (caesars, cosmopolitan etc) outshine this one, even the MGM is better in my opinion. However, it's not slop and it's vegas AND it's a buffet, so three stars seems sufficient. Plus, I love Aria. So beautiful.
It's okay. I really liked the quality of the cold meats and cheeses. The hot stuff was average. We got a good deal on lunch and I left satisfied. For what it cost, it was good food with something for everyone.
We tried this buffet on our recent visit.  We had comps for two buffet meals so we went out of our way to try it.  It was good and we enjoyed our food however it was different.  My BF said it best when he said, 'the food is good but it tastes like the people cooking it had never actually tasting what the food should taste like'.  The naan was good but different.  It was very buttery.  Some of the other dishes tasted fine just not quite what you would expect them to taste like.  There was certainly a large selectionwith stations from Asian to Pizza to Indian to Diner.  The crab legs were good but when the Vegas buffets split them the taste and freshness is not quite the same.   If the food had tasted more authentic I might have given them 4 stars but for a Vegas buffet it was better than a lot of them.
Similar to my Aria hotel review, I'm already a little bias since the friends I was staying with are VIPs.  Thus, no wait :) . . I thought it was OK - for brunch.  Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's is definitely way better.  Again, it has several stations for different cuisines - asian (dim sum, noodles, rice, etc.) meats (sausage, ham), omelets (make your own), desserts (cookies, cakes, ice cream), bread, seafood (crab legs), pizza.  I'm pretty sure I've left out a bunch of other goodies, but my suggestion to you is to go to Bacchanal if you want to try the best buffet in Vegas.
Probably a 3.5. I like the short line for Pearl members. Buffet itself is small and limited, the choices are ok but not great. Prime rib was delicious but fairly common at buffets. Nothing special here really. Spend a few more dollars and go next door to Wicked Spoon at Cosmo instead
It's good.....but it's lacking a signature dish or two....or three.. . Also, after trying Bacchanal (Caesar's Palace) and Wicked Spoon (Cosmopolitan), everything else is also-rans. They have to create an amazing experience or a dish that would match or better the two that I mentioned. . . Don't get me wrong here, the place is nice, clean, spacious and bright and the dishes are nicely prepared with their own sections. . . But it lacks that umph. Yes, they have every kind of similar food items served at other buffet places, and one would expect something elegant, especially located inside the Aria. . . At least I used my hotel credit on the place; otherwise, I wouldn't pay to return if given the chance with so many better buffet options in Vegas.
Quite disappointed how we had to wait so long in line while there were plenty of open seats. There was only 1 cashier and their computer system is not working. We gave a group of angry customers behind and I wondered where the manager was and they were no where to be found.. . The food was great. It has what a typical buffet has just more upscale. Quality of food is a whole lot better. I think they have the best selection of desserts among Las Vegas buffets. Presentation and taste is phenomenal.. . I have to mention about their bottomless alcoholic drinks worth $12. They have a great selection of alcoholic drinks. It's pretty worth it.
This was a comp so I didn't pay for it... but in order to be able to afford the rest of my splurges & vacation we did try out 2 buffets... this was one of them. Really nothing to write home about, not much better than other buffets... some passable selections were the cheese/deli section with blue cheese & even Parmesan chuncks with Several nut choices, crackers, honey, dried fruits I thought that alone would do if I didn't find anything worthy, also the chicken curry was decent with jasmine rice..   Desserts were ok, not great, but better than average for a buffet
Came here on a Thurs dinner time after Christmas and they're charging $50/person, ouch. Seriously, buffet at Vegas is becoming a joke now. What happen to all the good and cheap buffets they used to offer? Don't get me wrong, the food here is great and fresh but they don't have enough variety of food to charge at that price. If I want to pay $50 for buffet, I'll rather go buffet at Caesar's or Cosmopolitan. I've been here before during lunch and the only difference at dinner is that they added prime rib and oyster.  This is a $30 buffet at best. Food 4 stars and price 2 stars.
BF and I came here with his parents on Thursday (after Christmas) night. It was holiday pricing, so $46.99 per person. We decided to try this buffet because we each redeemed 2 comps from myVEGAS, otherwise we would not have paid to go. We waited about 45 minutes to be seated. . . The selection was small compared to other buffets. BF and I mainly ate the prime rib (decent), tenderloin (dry), and king crab legs (decent). There was a gelato wheel among a variety of desserts. The pistachio gelato and flan were good!. . The buffet was spacious, but due to the small selection and the price, we will probably not come back.
